The review of trials found that lung and airway metastases have improved significantly. For example, a 5 mm nodule at the left lung apex (series 5, image 94) is decreased from 9 mm on prior exam. The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax are noted. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Calcified left hilar lymph nodes are noted prior to thyroidectomy. Heart and Vessels: The right IJ chemotherapy port terminates at the superior cavoatrial junction. There were no aggressive bone lesions. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT of the abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day.
For findings in the neck, please see the separate CT soft tissue neck report dictated by the neuroradiology service. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Patent central tracheobronchial tree. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new thoracic adenopathy. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. Severe aortic valvular calcifications. There is an independent origin of the left vertebral artery from the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT of the abdomen and pelvis performed on the the same day. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. The great vessels are normal in caliber.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. The lungs are clear. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion. The heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Dictated separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Chest port overlies the right hemithorax with tip in the SVC.
Lungs/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules are seen. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Heterogeneous and enlarged thyroid gland. For example there is a precarinal lymph node measuring 1.1 cm, stable in size and a right distal paratracheal lymph node weighing 1.4 cm. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Multiple liver hypodensities too small to characterize. Status post cholecystectomy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. There is a common origin of the right brachiocephalic artery and the left common carotid artery from the aorta. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Findings are suggestive of an inflammatory process such as organizing pneumonia or nasogastric infarction, and are inconsistent with non-pneumonic interstitial nephritis (NSIP). There is no honeycombing or significant reticulation. Mild diffuse bronchiectasis. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pulmonary edema. Moderate hiatal hernia. No suspicious nodules or masses. No thoracic adenopathy. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. The review now includes a separate report for CT of the abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day. The results show that the heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion or pulmonary edema. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable.
The review of trials found that the appearance of lung and airways disease is not typical for metastasis. The appearance of the thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. No new thoracic adenopathy by CT size criteria.
The review of trials found that the lungs are clear. The central airways are patent. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules have been identified. No pleural effusion has been reported. The heart is normal in size. Mild coronary artery calcifications have been observed. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. Heart and Vessels: Chest port overlies the right hemithorax with tip in the SVC. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Dictated separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Mild secretions within the trachea. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Interval resolution of thoracic adenopathy, which was likely reactive. The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Right hepatic cyst and other hypodensities, which are too small to characterize. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Stable sclerosis of the sternum is likely related to prior trauma. Remote right fourth anterolateral rib fracture again noted.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that some parts of the thyroid gland may be calcified, but no evidence of aggressive bone lesions. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. There is a right breast round calcification in the lower outer quadrant of the left breast, which could be asymmetric glandular tissue. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion is seen. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No mediastinal mass. Upper Abdomen: Mild hepatic steatosis. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
The review of trials found that the right middle lobe of the tracheobronchial tree was in a state of complete collapse, with secretions in the proximal left middle lobe bronchus, new from prior examination. The left lower lobe was in the same condition, but worse compared to prior exam. New groundglass opacity and interlobular septal thickening at the left lung base with patchy areas of groundglass opaqueness more superiorly in the lower lobe (series 3, image 307). Persistent bronchiectasis and parenchymal destruction at the right lung base (series 313 and series 602, image 86). Worsening patchy groundglass opacities in the medial posterior right upper lobe, continues to decrease since 2/6/2020. Trace right pleural effusion/thickening. No pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. 1.7 hypodense nodule in the left thyroid gland. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Healed right-sided rib fractures are noted. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The aorta is normal. The pulmonary artery is enlarged, which may be seen in pulmonary hypertension.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Endotracheal tube in place. Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Patchy bilateral airspace opacities involving all lobes with dense consolidations the lung bases. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 39 mm. Left IJ central line tip terminates at the SVC. Upper Abdomen: Enteric tube terminates in the stomach. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Small amount of subcutaneous emphysema along the right lateral chest wall.
In this review, we looked at the effects of radiotherapy on the size of lung, airways, and lymph nodes. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is a stable mass of left lower lobe soft tissue mass measuring 5.8 x 3.7 cm (series 5, image 288). There is an unchanged left upper lobe paravertebral mass (CC, AP, Trans), on series 5.5, image 131 and series 606, image 49. There are multiple additional unchanged pulmonary nodules measuring up to 1.5 cm, for instance in the right lower lobe on series 286; and right upper lobe postradiation changes are seen. There is stable narrowing of the left mainstem bronchus. Interval increased pleural effusions with stable pleural nodularity and 2 cm right pleural metastatic nodule on series 330. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There are st enlarged cardiophrenic nodes, measuring 1.8 cm in short axis. Additionally, a right lower paratracheal node measures 1.1 cm, unchanged. A right thyroid punctate calcification is stable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The ascending aorta is ectatic. The blood pool is hypodense relative to the myocardium, suggestive of anemia.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The right lower lobe mild bronchiectasis with scattered foci of mucous plugging. No new or enlarging lung nodules. Calcified granuloma in the left upper lobe. Stable small left pleural effusion and adjacent atelectasis. The airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable prominent but less than 1 cm noncalcified and calcified mediastinal lymph nodes. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Again noted mild calcification of aortic valvular leaflets. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Severe centrilobular emphysema. Patchy opacities in the right lower lobe may be on the basis of pneumonia or aspiration. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Status post esophagectomy with gastric pull-through. Oral contrast has been administered and is seen layering in the gastric conduit. No extraluminal leak of contrast. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Increased number of subcentimeter mediastinal lymph nodes Subcarinal node measures up to 1 cm. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 42 mm. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging thyroid nodules or suspicious densities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Post radiation changes in the subpleural left upper lobe from prior radiation therapy. Stable opacities along the right minor fissure, probably lymph nodes. No pericardial effusion. No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Hepatic cysts and other hypodensities too small to characterize. Mild bilateral gynecomastia.
This review found that the heart and vessels are normal in size. The lungs are clear. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion. Mild coronary artery calcifications. Mildly enlarged left axillary lymph node, measuring 1.0 cm in short axis diameter, compared to 1.3 cm on the prior exam, is stable back to 5/2021 and stable going back to studies from December 2017. Calcified granulomas in the bilateral lower lobes. No new adenopathy. No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. However, there is a small amount of evidence of a persistent non membranous tracheal wall growth, which is seen with tracheobronchopathia osteochondroplastica. There is no aggressive osseous lesion.
This review shows that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion in the thoracic aorta. However, there is some evidence of a small number of sub-4 mm lung nodules in the left lower lobe on image 324 series 3. Post radiation changes are noted. There are hepatic cysts and hypodensities too small to be able to describe.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Postsurgical changes of the right breast and axilla.
The review of trials found that lung and airway nodules, some in a tree-in-bud distribution, and scarring are again seen, compatible with chronic small airway disease including MAI. There is mucus plugging within multiple middle and lower lobe distal bronchi. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. There are moderate coronary calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy.
The evidence is current to September 2014. The review of trials found that lung and airway nodules have decreased in size compared to the prior study, the largest measuring up to 1.5 cm in the right lower lobe in series 4 image 365. Some of these nodules become cavitary including a left lower lobe lesion in image 414. The number of patchy groundglass nodules has increased, including new areas of involvement in the left upper lobe in image 214. Pulmonary artery is normal size. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Calcifications throughout the hilar and mediastinal distributions. No new noncalcified adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. No air trapping in the expiratory images. Right-sided chest port right-sided central venous catheters with tip in the SVC. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No pericardial effusion.
The review of trials found that there is a persistent obstruction of the right upper lobe bronchus with mass occupying the entire upper lobe, worse compared to prior exam. There is new soft tissue opacity along the right middle lobe and lower lobe of the lung and bronchovascular bundles and nodular interlobular septal thickening, consistent with the spread of lymphangitic spread of tumor. The previously noted layering right pleural effusion is now multiloculated and thick-walled with locules along the medial ends lateral pleura and within the fissures, may represent superimposed infection. The right hilum is obscured by mass/confluent adenopathy. There are stable small nodules in the left upper lung although evaluation abdomen is limited by significant respiratory motion artifact. Lipoma in shoulder musculature can be noted. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. The great arteries are normal in caliber and there are minimal atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. No aggressive bone lesions are noted. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable.
This review assesses the effects of surgery on lung function, airways, heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Endotracheal tube in satisfactory position. Resolution of previously noted right hydropneumothorax. The right chest tube terminates at the right lung base. Two left chest tubes terminate at the apex. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Status post left VATS decortication and drainage of mediastinal abscess from ruptured esophagus (5:366). No oral contrast is seen in the middle of the lung or adjacent pleural space or lung (although presumably contrast was given by tube). Small hiatus hernia. No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery, aortic valve calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Enteric tubes terminate in the stomach. There is no associated gas in the soft tissues. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Fluid extends from the pleural spaces to the left lateral chest wall, mildly increased since prior exam.
The review of trials found that there is a new 6 mm nodule in the right lower lobe (3/40). Additional, scattered sub-4 mm nodules are seen. There is severe centrilobular emphysema, slightly progressed since 2017. No focal consolidation is seen. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion is noted. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Enlarged subaortic lymph node measuring 1.2 cm in short axis diameter (4/206, unchanged since 2017). The patient is status post thyroidectomy. Changes from prior lumpectomy noted in the left breast. No axillary, subpectoral, or internal mammary adenopathy by CT size criteria. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Degenerative changes are seen in the visualized spine.
The review of trials found that the right lower lobe of the lungs was unchanged compared to the prior study from 2021. The left lower lobe paraspinal finding described on PET/CT has decreased in size and is similar to the left upper lobe peribronchial consolidations. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. The main pulmonary artery is enlarged up to 3.5 cm in the axial plane. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta are seen. Calcification of the mitral annulus and the aortic valve is not seen. The upper abdominal organs are unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. However, there were a few new granulomas in the left lower lobe of the right upper lobe. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion was noted. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions were noted. Findings below the diaphragm are better delineated on recent MRI of the abdomen. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Part visualized anterior cervical fusion hardware and right shoulder arthroplasty.
This review looked at the size and shape of the tracheobronchial tree and found that it was still the same as in the previous version of the study. There is a new 4 mm subpleural nodule in the right lower lobe and a new 3 mm right upper lobe nodule. No pleural effusions or consolidations were seen. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was seen. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Dictated separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found that lung and airways are clear. No new consolidations have been seen since the previous studies. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax have been observed. The heart and vessels are normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta have not been seen. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported. The visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine are observed.
The review of trials found that lung and heart chambers appear to be normal in size and that the aortic valve leaflets are still intact. However, there is a small hernia in the right thyroid measuring up to 3.6 cm (4:48) in the middle of the chest wall, likely a sebaceous cyst. Common origin of brachiocephalic artery and left common carotid artery, a normal anatomic variant, are the same. No pleural effusions. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported.
The review of trials found that lung and airway nodules were unchanged from 2014. Mild secretions are seen in the distal right mainstem bronchus. There is mild bronchiectasis (bronchial effusion). There is a trace left pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. There are moderate coronary calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The left basilar peribronchovascular nodularity, likely represents prior aspiration. Stable sub-4 mm nodules, for instance in the lingula on series 4, image 200, are unchanged.
The review of trials found no significant change in the size of lung and airways or in the number of patients with metastatic pleural disease. However, there is some evidence of diffuse mosaicism in the right and left upper lobe of the lungs. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions have been reported. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No significant changes in mediastinal nodes, representative examples include AP window node measuring 1.4 x 1 cm (5:162), azygoesophageal recess node (1.3 x 1.1 cm) and right hilar node (2.5 x 1). Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Common origin of brachiocephalic artery and left common carotid artery, a normal anatomic variant. Mild coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Please refer to separately dictated report of CT abdomen from the same day. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No major change in stable sclerotic metastases involving axial and appendicular skeleton.
No suspicious pulmonary nodule is identified. There is persistent subpleural reticulation in the left upper lobe/lingula, likely due to radiation, but there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. A large hiatal hernia is noted. Sclerotic metastasis in T2 vertebral body is unchanged.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusions. No aggressive bone lesions. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary and aortic calcifications are present similar to prior. Dense calcification of the posterior mitral annulus is present, and mild calcification in the lower part of the heart. Upper Abdomen: Left renal cortical cysts.
The review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal in size. There is no evidence of abnormalities in the lungs or the airways. The aorta of the heart is normal and the aortic valve calcifications have not been found to be abnormal. There are no signs of obstruction of the lung or of the airway. No aggressive bone lesions have been found.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Clusters of micronodules in the left lower lobe (for example 3: 353, 365, 409) are not seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Status post esophagectomy with gastric pull-through. Layering fluid and debris within the gastric conduit. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. No thoracic adenopathy. Ascending aorta measures 36 mm. Coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Nonobstructing right renal calculi. Cholelithiasis. Status post distal pancreatectomy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Old right-sided rib fracture.
In this review, the thyroid lobe mass measuring approximately 3 cm is stable in size and the heart appears normal in size. There are mild coronary calcifications. No pericardial effusion. The airways are patent. No new thoracic adenopathy. No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found that lung and airway enlargement, and pleural effusion are associated with pulmonary edema. However, there is no evidence of pleural or pericardial effusion. There are scattered pulmonary cysts/blebs. There is an enlarged lower paratracheal lymph node conglomerate, measuring 1.3 cm in short axis, and containing a punctate calcification, and an enlarged right infrahilar node, measuring 2.2 cm, containing a coarse calcification. The left thyroid node is also enlarged, and there is a calcification within the left thyroid. The heart and Vessels: There is biatrial enlargement. Extensive calcifications of the mitral annulus and mild calcification of aortic valvular leaflets are seen in the heart and vessels. Normal course and caliber of the aorta are maintained. The central pulmonary artery is mildly enlarged to 3.3cm in the setting of pulmonary arterial hypertension. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Stable scarring in the right lung apex: treated malignancy. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or suspicious densities. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 36 mm. Aortic, aortic valve and coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Stable post radiation changes in the right upper lobe and perihilar region. Mild biapical scarring. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Similar amount of soft tissue opacity along the right hilum. Small hiatus hernia. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery and mild aortic valve calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is normal. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Prior cholecystectomy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Punctate calcifications in both breasts.
The review of trials found that lung and airway nodules were seen in the upper and lower lobe of the thyroid gland. There was no evidence of pleural effusion. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No pericardial effusion was observed.
This review found that lung and airway nodules overall decreased in size and density compared to study from June 2021. For example, a 6 mm right upper lobe pulmonary nodule in series 5 image 236 previously measured 1.1 cm in the middle of the aorta and another 6 mm in the upper lobe of the right lung in image 137 previously measured 2.2 cm. No new consolidations were observed. No pleural effusion was reported. No aggressive bone lesions were reported. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. The central airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Upper Abdomen: Dictated separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Healed right rib fracture.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Stable punctate micronodule in the right upper lobe. New mild groundglass opacities in the left upper lobe (5:131,140). Mild subsegmental atelectasis at the right lung base. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Portions of the esophagus are patulous. Visualized thyroid is heterogeneous. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Aortic, aortic valve and coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Diffuse osseous metastatic disease.
The review of trials found that lung and airways/Pleura: Lungs/airways/pulmonary nodes: There is evidence of changes in the left upper lobe of the left lung after radiotherapy. There is a mild enlargement of right lower lobe superior segment 7.5 mm nodule (5/194), previously measured 6 mm. Worsening of nodularities in the right upper lobe and redemonstration of septal thickening (septal thrombosis) in the lower lower lobe. Interval increased left pleural effusion. The airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable prominent mediastinal lymph nodes, for example the lower right paratracheal lymph node, are unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild coronary and aortic calcifications are again noted. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This review assessed the effects of surgical resection of the left lower lobe of the thyroid gland. The thyroid gland again appears atrophic. There is a new 1.0 cm irregular nodule in the azygos esophageal recess of the right lower lobe (series 4, image 265). The central airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable 1.3 cm paratracheal lymph node. Otherwise, no thoracic adenopathy. Small amount of pericardial fluid posteriorly. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Interval increase in size of 2.1 cm sclerotic lesion in the T6 vertebral body, previously measuring 1.2 cm.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Secretions in the right upper lobe bronchus (bronchus intermedius) have resolved. Clusters of micronodules in the left upper and lower lobes (5:199, 236), favored related to airways disease, have been resolved. Improving consolidation and groundglass opacities at the right lung base and left lower lobe with minimal residua noted. Mild biapical scarring. Mild interlobular septal thickening, improved from prior exam. No enlarging nodes. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Left supraclavicular nodes measure up to 1 cm. Increased number of subcentimeter mediastinal and hilar lymph nodes, similar to prior exam, with no enlarging lymph nodes. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Cardiomegaly with predominantly left atrial and left ventricular enlargement. Calcified right ventricular apex infarct. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. LAD stent. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Status post esophagectomy with gastric pull-through.
The review of trials found that there is a spiculated mass in the right upper lobe of the bronchus (bronchus of the lungs) that partially encases the right mainstem of the lung. This lesion extends into the right hilum (the upper part of the windpipe) and partly encases a portion of the left mainstem (the lung of the chest). This mass may be associated with postobstructive pneumonia. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. There is no evidence for lymphadenopathy, particularly in the region of the right hilar mass. However, there are right paratracheal lymph nodes measuring up to 1.2 cm and a subcarinal lymph node measuring 1.4 cm. A prominent left supraclavicular lymph node measures 9 mm (series 4, image 20). The partially visualized thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Moderate atherosclerotic aortic and coronary artery calcifications. The main pulmonary artery is mildly enlarged, which may be seen in the setting of pulmonary hypertension. Upper Abdomen: Redemonstration of bilateral nonobstructing renal calculi (a type of kidney disease) measuring up-to 1.5 cm on the left. Nodularity of left adrenal gland. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No aggressive bony lesions. Heart and Vessels: Stable cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Healed median sternotomy. Normal thyroid. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
This review found that the left lower lobe pulmonary nodule in series 5 image 342 is unchanged. There is an enlarging tubular nodule adjacent to this nodule. These nodules are new going back to study from June 2020. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Interval enlargement of the right superior mediastinal lymph node measuring up to 9 mm short axis, previously measured 6 mm at this level. No adenopathy by CT size criteria. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorcic spine.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening and foci of distal mucoid impaction (for example right lower lobe 5:286) are present. New tree-in-bud nodules in the right upper lobe and right middle lobe. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Stable left internal mammary nodes and right anterior diaphragmatic nodes (5:318). No enlarging nodes. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Common origin of the right brachiocephalic and left common carotid arteries from the aortic arch (normal variant). Ascending aorta measures 34 mm. No pericardial effusion (a narrowing of the heart) is reported separately. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Stable L1 compression fracture. Prior right shoulder rotator cuff repair. Osteotomy in the left humeral head.
The review of trials found that lung and airways/Pleura: Lungs/Airways: Scattered calcified granulomas. Mild bronchiectasis. No suspicious pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The patchy groundglass in the right lower lobe described on the prior study has resolved. The 1.2 cm groundglass nodule in the lingula in series 4 image 289 is unchanged. Other smaller pulmonary nodule including a 9 mm groundglass and a 5 mm right middle lobe nodule are unchanged. The remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. No aggressive bone lesions. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas are normal. Calcifications of aortic annulus. Upper Abdomen: Status post cholecystectomy.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Severe upper lobe predominant centrilobular and paraseptal emphysema with large apical bullae. Diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Stable right upper lobe 13 x 9 mm nodule; this nodule was previously biopsied and demonstrated benign pathology. Right upper lobe nodule measures 9 x 4 mm, mildly decreased from prior exam (was 10 x 6 mm; 4:119). Stable 5 mm left apical nodule (4:65). Mucoid impaction in the posterior left upper lobe has resolved and probably represents mucoid implantation. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Small hiatus hernia. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found that the right lower lobe of the brain was stable in size since at least 2007. The largest and most medial mass measures 6.0 x 5.1 cm. No new or enlarging nodules were found. No pericardial effusion was observed. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions were observed. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
In this review, we looked at the effects of cystic and varicoid bronchiectasis on the lungs, airways and lymph nodes. We found that some of the cysts are still growing and some have not grown at all. Some of the disease has progressed, for example in the left lower lobe of the trachea (4:204). There is a large amount of secretions (bronchodilatation) in the lungs and a small amount of evidence of pleural effusion (pneumothorax) in both the left and right tracheas. Patchy opacity in the right upper lobe is new since prior exam. There is no evidence of pericardial effusion. The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery, aortic valve calcifications and Mitral annular calcifications. No aggressive appearing bone lesions. Coarse calcifications in both breasts. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Multiple vertebral hemangiomata versus osteopenia.
This review looked at the history of patients with T6 vertebral body fractures and found that some of the lower lobe lung nodules were stable, but some were not definitively seen on prior examinations. There are chronic peripheral consolidations in the right middle and lower lobes with trace pleural effusion. A 1 cm right thyroid nodule is again noted. The main pulmonary artery is dilated suggestive of pulmonary arterial hypertension. Extensive collateral vessels are seen throughout the left chest wall. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. A mild compression fracture of the T6 neck vertebrae is stable. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Secretions in the trachea. Significant interval worsening of groundglass opacities in all lobes with new dense consolidation in the right upper lobe. Stable right middle lobe nodularity. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Confluent tissue opacity surrounding the right hilum as on prior exam. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mild bilateral gynecomastia.
The review of trials found that lung and heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion or pneumothorax was observed. No pleural effusion was reported. Central airways are patent. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. The aortic artery is mildly dilated (32 mm). Left internal jugular central venous catheter tip terminates in the SVC. Upper Abdomen: Enteric tube ends in the stomach. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions were found.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence to support the use of bronchodilators in people with thoracic spine cancer. However, there is some evidence that bronchiectasis (inflammation of the airways) and pleural effusion (diffusion of air out of the lungs) may occur. There is also evidence that there may be some abnormalities in the thyroid gland (thyroid gland) and in the aorta (thoracic aortic valve). However, these abnormalities do not appear to be clinically significant. No aggressive bone lesions have been found in this group of patients.
This review assesses the effects of CABG on lung function, heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is no focal consolidation, pulmonary edema, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild dependent atelectasis. Few scattered cysts are seen in the right lung lower lobe. Central airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: No acute abnormality. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Minimally displaced fracture involving anterior aspect of right seventh rib. Nondisplaced buckle fracture of the mid cortex of right sixth rib.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Mild bronchiectasis in the right lower lobe. Cluster of micronodules in the left upper lobe associated to some calcified granulomata. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Ascending aorta measures 41 mm. Mild aortic valve calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Hepatic cyst. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found that most of the tracheobronchial tree is patent. However, there is some evidence that some parts of the neck and upper airway may be affected. There is no evidence that there is any evidence that the thyroid gland is affected, but there is a suggestion that it may be under-thrombosed. The review also found that the aortic valve calcifications in the upper aorta may have been caused by overgrowth of the lymph nodes. No aggressive bone lesions were found.
Lungs/Pleura: Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Prevascular mediastinal node measuring up to 1.1 cm short axis in series 3 image 80. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Benign-appearing lucent lesions in the left third rib for example. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
The review of trials found no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening with foci of mucoid impaction (for example lingula 4:242) and right upper lobe 5 mm groundglass nodule (4:85). Scattered calcified granulomata. Large amount of thrombus in the right internal jugular vein, partially imaged. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No pericardial effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is heterogeneous. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
The review of trials found that the heart appears to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax were noted. Mild diffuse esophageal wall thickening which can be seen in the setting of gastroenteritis. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery calcifications. No aggressive bone lesions. Multilevel degenerative changes of the spine.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence of atelectasis in the right lung and in the inferior lingula. Mild bronchial wall thickening consistent with airways disease. A right chest tube enters at the seventh/eighth intercostal space. The tip of the tube terminates anteriorly in the region of the right middle lobe paramediastinal region. A very small right anteriorly layering pneumothorax is present (maximum 6 mm air gap on axial images). There is minimal right pleural fluid. There is no evidence of thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Punctate calcified granuloma in the liver. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Large degree of right lower lobe collapse. Subsegmental atelectasis at the left lower lobe. Small right and trace left pleural effusions. No significant change in size or distribution of pulmonary metastases. The metastases demonstrate increased cavitation consistent with response to treatment. No groundglass opacities to suggest pneumonitis. Upper Abdomen: Extensive hepatic metastatic disease. Cirrhosis. Upper abdominal ascites. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Worsening anasarca. Status post right breast surgery and right axillary lymph node dissection. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery, aortic and mitral annular calcification.
This review found no evidence of abnormal growths in the lungs or in the airways. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening consistent with airways disease. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. No pericardial effusion. Mild coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Left renal hypodensity too small to characterize. No aggressive bone lesions. Coarse calcification in the left breast. Patient recently underwent mammogram in July 2021.
The evidence is current to November 2019. The review of trials found that the size of the thyroid nodules in the left lower lobe of the thoracic spine remains the same compared with the prior studies. There is some evidence that there is some remaining thyroid nodule in the prior area of consolidation including a 7 mm nodule (left lower lobe) in series 5 image 276 and a 1.3 cm nodule on the right lower lobe in image 385. No new lymph nodes or paraesophageal nodules have been found. The thyroid thyroid with nodules of decreased in size compared to study from November 2020 remains unchanged compared to the most recent study and stable going back to studies from July 2015. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Right-sided chest port with catheter tip in the cavoatrial junction. Loop recorder within the left chest wall. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorACic spine.
The review of trials found that right-sided lipoma (lungs/airways/pleura) likely arising from the extrapleural space measuring up to 5.2 cm, only slightly increased going back to study from January 2010. The 1 cm right middle lobe pulmonary nodule in series 4 image 283 is unchanged compared with the most recent study. There are associated enlarged airways. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Calcifications of aortic valve. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that the two types of bronchodilators (bilateral dependent consolidative opacities with air bronchograms) appear to be slightly different and may be suggestive of aspiration/pneumonia. The endotracheal tube tip terminates in the midthoracic trachea. Central airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Please refer to separate CT abdomen/pelvis examination. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Portions of the bilateral lower ribs are not visualized on the CT chest or CT abdomen or pelvic examination. Within this limitation, no acute fracture is identified. Multiple old left rib fracture deformities are present.
The review of trials found that the heart appears normal in size. No evidence of pulmonary contusion. No acute compression fracture deformity. Central height loss of the T4 and T5 vertebral bodies appear chronic. There is mild soft tissue stranding of the left 3-4, 4-5 and 5-6 intercostal rib spaces, which is likely posttraumatic. The lower thoracic ribs are either only partially visualized or not visualized.
This review of clinical trials found no evidence of adenopathy of the lungs, airways or pleural effusion. However, there is some evidence that the aorta of the heart and vessels may be larger than usual. There is no evidence that there is any evidence of pericardial effusion, but there is a possibility that this may be due to the patient's body habitus.
The review of trials found no evidence of air trapping or tracheobronchomalacia. No evidence of pleural effusion. Mild multilobar lower lobes predominant bronchiectasis and diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Upper lobe predominant centrilobular and paraseptal emphysema. Biapical, right greater than left, scarring. Mild reticulations in the left lower lobe favored to represent scarring (remote previous pulmonary embolism in that area). Expiratory images demonstrate no evidence to support the use of bronchodilators. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 38 mm. Aortic and coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis. Calcified granuloma in the right hepatic lobe. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Small hiatus hernia.
The review of trials found that lung and airways were clear. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild bilateral subsegmental dependent atelectasis. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorACic spine.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The clustered right upper lobe nodules have decreased in size compared to the prior study with residual nodules measuring up to 4 mm in series 5 image 139. The other scattered lung nodules are unchanged. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax have been reported. Central airways are clear. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta have not been reported in this review. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine have been observed.
The review of trials found that there is a stable volume loss of the left lung, with extensive fibrotic changes in the left apex, including left upper lobe cavitation. However, there is interval worsening in left basilar consolidative opacities. No new thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. There is right apical pleuroparenchymal scarring. No pleural effusion. The thyroid is heterogeneous. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta.
The review of trials found that most of the sub-5 mm lung nodules are stable. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen.
The review of trials found no new noncalcified pulmonary nodules in the upper lobe of the thoracic aorta. However, there was one new left upper lobe pulmonary nodule in series 4 image 253 which is unchanged going back to study from November 2014. This lesion also involves the mediastinum. There were no new pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the lower paratracheal lymph nodes. The findings of this review are consistent with prior cholecystectomy. Normal thyroid. Normal heart and vessels: Normal cardiac size. Small pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: Left renal cyst. Post-surgery changes consistent with previous surgery. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that lung and airways/Pleura: Lungs/airways/pulmonary arteries/pneumothorax: No pleural effusion or atelectasis in the lung bases. Mild bronchiectasis with a lower lobe predominance. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that pulmonary nodules measuring up to 4 mm in the left lower lobe on series 5, image 191 are unchanged compared to 1/26/2020. There is no new or enlarging pulmonary nodule. Lower lobe predominant mosaicism, is compatible with small airway disease, likely accentuated by expiratory phase imaging. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There is a stable 1.1 cm left axillary node. Approximately 2 cm left thyroid heterogeneous nodule is stable. Dense calcification of the posterior mitral annulus. Moderate coronary calcifications. A right chest wall Chemo-Port terminates in the distal SVC. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Status post sternotomy.
The review of trials found that lung and airway consolidation and loss of volume in the thoracic aorta were stable. However, there was some evidence of a decrease in the size of lung nodules in the left lower lobe of the lung. There was no evidence of an increase in the number of lymph nodes in the neck or in the lymph nodes surrounding the thyroid gland. There were no signs of adenopathy (inflammation of the neck and lymph nodes) of the lungs or the airway. The aortic artery was normal size. The heart and vessels were normal size and there were no abnormalities of the coronary arteries or aortas. The left atrial enlargement was not significant. No evidence of pericardial effusion. No signs of pneumothorax were found. No aggressive bone lesions were found in the lower abdomen. The review found no evidence that there was any evidence of cancer of the thyroid or lymph nodes.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Some of the nodules seen on the prior study from August 2021 have resolved. Patchy airspace opacities in the right upper lobe in series 4 image 165 for example Pulmonary nodules including a 6 mm (6 in the lower lobe) and a 6 in the upper lobe (6 mm) in the left upper lobe. New moderate bilateral pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Ascending aorta measures up to 4 cm in the axial plane. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that lung and airways were clear, but there were some abnormalities in the aorta and aortic arteries. There was no evidence that the thyroid gland was affected. The heart and vessels were normal size and normal in size. There were no major problems with narrowing of the arteries. No aggressive bone lesions were seen in the thoracic spine. The abdominal organs were unremarkable. Moderate-sized hiatal hernia was seen in one of the abdominal organs.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that lung and airway obstruction (emphysema) may be more common in people with metastatic breast cancer. There is also evidence that lymph nodes and soft tissue around the lungs are more likely to be affected. However, there is no evidence that this is due to cancer of the lymph nodes or soft tissue surrounding the lungs. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. There are mild coronary artery calcifications. No pericardial effusion has been reported. The findings of this review should be interpreted with caution.
The review of trials found that lung and airways/Pleura: Lungs/Airways: Scattered calcified granulomas. Multiple pulmonary nodules bilaterally, most of which are less than 4 mm. Some of these nodules are also likely related to mucoid impaction, including in the right upper lobe in image 116. There is a 1.1 x 0.6 cm nodule along the pleura in the superior segment of the right lower lobe in series 4 image 175. Clustered centrilobular nodules in the upper lobes bilaterally. No consolidations to suggest pneumonia. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Calcification of the aortic annulus. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Bilateral calcified pleural plaques. Stable 3 mm right upper lobe nodule (5:166). No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 39 mm. Coronary artery, aortic valve calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Stable scattered sclerotic foci, probably bone islands. Mild bilateral gynecomastia.
The review of trials found that lung and airways/Pleura: Lungs/airways/pulmonary nodules: Scattered calcified granulomas. No suspicious pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: see separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. There is a 1.3 x 0.8 cm soft tissue nodule in the right breast in series 5 image 221.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that some of the lung and airway nodules may be stable. However, there is also evidence that there are other sub-5 mm nodules throughout the lungs and lymph nodes. There is no evidence that any of the lymph nodes are growing larger than 1.1 cm. The heart appears to be normal in size. There are no pericardial effusions. No aggressive bone lesions are seen in the left breast. Heart and Vessels: There is a calcification of the coronary artery in the right breast. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: There are subcentimeter retroperitoneal lymph nodes in the abdomen. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
This review found that the right middle lobe lung nodule remains stable and no new or enlarging lung nodules have been identified. There is no aggressive lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. Sclerotic lesions in the right second rib are stable. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
No suspicious pulmonary nodule is identified. A trace right pleural effusion is noted, measuring up to 1.0 cm. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. No axillary, mediastinal, or hilar lymphadenopathy are identified. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
This review of trials found that the cavitary lesion in the right apex is unchanged in size going back to study from July 2021 but has progressed compared to the study from October 2020. There are multiple calcifications and a fluid level within this lesion. There is increasing dependent consolidations throughout the right lung which extend inferiorly from the aortic arch. Severe centrilobular emphysematous changes throughout the lung. Signs of large airway disease including diffuse bronchial wall thickening. No new pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Status post cholecystectomy. Stable dilation of the common bile duct. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes.
This review found that there were no new or enlarging lung nodules in this group of patients. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. No aggressive osseous lesion was seen.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. However, there is some evidence that there are a number of sub-4 mm lung nodules in the right upper lobe and left lower lobe of the lung. There is no aggressive osseous lesion. Extensive coronary arterial calcifications are present. For findings below the diaphragms please see a recent Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bony lesions. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Stable postsurgical changes consistent with prior heart transplant. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Mild air trapping on the expiratory images. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Healed median sternotomy. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that there may be some evidence to support the use of aortic valve replacement and left atrial appendage ligation. However, there is not enough evidence to be certain of this. There is a moderate right and small left, partially loculated pleural effusion. There are overlying consolidative opacities with air bronchograms that most likely represent subsegmental atelectasis, however component of aspiration /consolidation is not excluded due to scattered right greater than left ground glass opacity that are suspicious for aspiration. No definite pneumothorax has been reported. The central airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Pneumomediastinaum and fat stranding is postoperative. Mildly prominent mediastinal lymph nodes are reactive. Heart and Vessels: Status post aortics: Status of the heart and vessels: left atrium appears dilated. Retained epicardial pacers are present.
The review of trials found that lung and airways were normal in size, but there was some evidence of narrowing of the airways in the lower lobe of the lungs. There was no evidence that there was any obstruction of the lung or that the airway was blocked. However, there were some signs of narrowing in the upper lung and the aortic aorta, which can be seen in setting of high blood pressure. The liver appears slightly lobular in contour. The spleen appears top normal to mildly enlarged. Enteric tube is present within the gastric lumen. Prominent bilateral gynecomastia was noted. Mild anterior wedging of the C6 vertebral body is partially visualized. No aggressive osseous lesion was identified.
The review of trials found that there is extensive thickening of the bronchiolar and bronchial wall which may be related to bronchitis and/or asthma. There is a small amount of pneumomediastinum surrounding the distal esophagus/gastroesophageal junction with the majority of the in the superior mediastinal region. No extravasated oral contrast is identified to suggest ongoing perforation. No holdup of contrast is seen at the gastroesophagus junction. No obvious fluid collections around the stomach. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta, which incidentally displays a two vessel branch pattern. The left hepatic artery is replaced to the left aortus. Upper Abdomen: Focal fatty infiltration is noted adjacent to the falciform ligament. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that there may be some evidence of narrowing of the airway in the upper chest. There is also evidence that the upper abdomen may be affected, but there is no evidence that this affects the bones or soft tissue. The heart size is normal. More research is needed to determine the best treatment for this condition.
The review of trials found that the right upper lobe of the heart is larger and the left lower lobe has increased, with an increase in leftward shift of the mediastinum. The heart size is stably enlarged. There is no pericardial effusion. The right kidney cyst is partially visualized, better characterized on recent CT abdomen pelvis. Bones and soft tissue: No aggressive osseous lesion is identified. There are no axillary, mediastinal or hilar lymphadenopathy.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that some of the upper lobe of the chest may be thickened, but there is no evidence that this is due to fluid leaking out of the lungs. There is also evidence that there may be some evidence of swelling in the upper abdomen. The heart size is normal status post aortic valve repair. The patient is again noted to be status post cholecystectomy. Bones and soft tissue: No aggressive osseous lesion is identified.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence of a change in the size of the chest or of the pericardial effusion. The heart size is normal. There is no clear evidence of an increase in the amount of fluid in the upper abdomen or in the lower abdomen. No aggressive angina has been identified.
The review of trials found that the trachea is midline and patent. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax has been reported. There is a granuloma in the left lower lobe of the left lung of no clinical significance. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There is no axillary, hilar, or mediastinal lymph nodes. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal size. No pericardial effusion. There are dense atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The spleen is prominent but not path enlarged. The right kidney is normal. The visible portion of the hollow viscera is unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: There are degenerative changes of the shoulders. There a numerous lytic lesions in the sternum, which demonstrates cortical irregularity and step-off suggesting old fractures. New soft tissue thickening measuring up to 7 cm transverse by 3.7 cm AP by 8.2 cm CC surrounding the sternal manubrium up to 2018 with inflammatory fat stranding.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence of aggressive lymphadenopathy. Mild sub-4 mm lung nodules are present, for example in the left upper lobe on image 216 of series 4. There is a stable 1.9 cm cyst with a thin wall in the right lower lobe. A new small left pleural effusion is present. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. T12 compression fracture with associated vertebroplasty material is unchanged. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate MRI abdomen report.
Lungs/Pleura: Moderate centrilobular emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. Signs of large airway disease including diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Linear scarring or atelectasis in the lung bases. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
The review of trials found that there was a near-complete resolution of the previous left upper and lower lobe peribronchial consolidative opacities, likely represented aspiration/infection. Mild diffuse bronchiectasis outside the areas of fibrosis are also noted. There is a stable enlargement of the main pulmonary artery, measuring 3.2 cm., May be seen in the setting of pulmonary arterial hypertension. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There is an unchanged fat-containing 1.4 cm lower paratracheal node.. The thyroid is heterogeneous. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. There are severe coronary calcifications. Biventricular AICD is seen. Upper Abdomen: No aggressive bone lesions are noted. The airways are patent. Multiple healing rib fractures are seen. Interval placement of gastrostomy tube Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: There are no aggressive bone lesions. Status post sternotomy.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable cyst in the left lower lobe with associated small airway findings. There is decreased soft tissue thickening along the suture line in the right. No new adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Postsurgical changes consistent with prior left nephrectomy. Remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. Small hiatal hernia. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that there may be some abnormalities in the upper and lower lungs. There is evidence that the heart is enlarged and that the blood pool in the left ventricle may be too low to support normal blood flow to the lungs. However, there is no evidence that this is due to the presence of an obstruction in the pericardial valve. There are no aggressive lesions in the oesophagus and no aggressive oedema is identified. The findings of this review should be interpreted with caution as there is not enough evidence to draw any firm conclusions.
Lungs/Pleura: The 1.9 x 1.8 cm right middle lobe pulmonary nodule in series 3 image 378 is unchanged compared to the prior studies. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Lytic bony lesions in the T3,, T4, and T6 vertebral bodies which have increased in size compared to study from July 2021.
The review of trials found that there were no aggressive bone lesions in the left lower lobe of the thyroid gland. However, there was a small hernia in the right thyroid gland, and there is a small hiatal hernia (hole) in the middle of the aorta. There was no change in the size of the right upper and middle lobes. There is mild upper lobe predominant paraseptal emphysema, and scattered cysts. Again seen are basilar predominant reticulations, and groundglass opacities, compatible with fibrotic interstitial lung disease. The airways are patent. There are trace pleural effusions, unchanged. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: The right interlobar and subcarinal calcified lymph nodes, similar to prior, likely granulomatous in nature, are unchanged compared to prior. The right thyroid is an unchanged 9 mm hypodense nodule. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. A right chest wall Chemo-Port terminates in the distal SVC. Calcification of the posterior mitral annulus is noted. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild centrilobular emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. Signs of large airway disease including diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Linear scarring or atelectasis in the lung bases. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Upper Abdomen: Bilateral partially visualized hydronephrosis. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. Intramuscular lipomas in the right back musculature in the left shoulder musculatur, a benign finding.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. There is a collection of debris in the right lower lobar bronchus and series 5 image 271 with debris extending into several segmental and subsegmental branches. This finding is unchanged compared to the study from September 2021 but is new compared to prior studies. No new consolidations. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. Stable biapical scarring. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
This review looked at the effects of the operation on the lungs, airways, heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Multiple bilateral patchy groundglass opacities which are most confluent in the left lung base. Some of these are more nodular, for instance a 9 mm nodule in the superior segment of the right lower lobe in series 3 image 186. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. The main pulmonary artery is enlarged up to 3.3 cm which is larger than the aorta at this level. There is also dilation of the lobar and segmental pulmonary arteries. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Healing left-sided rib fractures.
The review of trials found that there are a few small lung nodules in the lower lobe of the lung. Mild emphysema and biapical scarring are noted. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion.
Innumerable bilateral pulmonary metastases are stable, the largest in the right lower lobe again measures 1.6 cm. Mediastinal lymphadenopathy is stable, for example a 1.2 cm left lower paratracheal node (image 182, series 4). There is no pleural effusion. Aberrant right subclavian artery is noted. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis MRI Report.
The review of trials found that there was no evidence of adenopathy per size criteria. However, there was some evidence of a calcified nodule in the left thyroid gland. The heart appears to be normal in size and the aorta is normal. There is a small amount of evidence of bile duct calcification, but this is unimportant. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions were seen. No aggressive bone lesions were found. There are degenerative changes of the spine.
The review of trials found that lung and airway changes were consistent with prior right middle lobectomy. Branching pulmonary nodules in the left lower lobe are likely related to airway disease. Stable septal thickening and linear scarring in the right lower lobe. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aortan artery. No pneumothorax. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: The mixed lytic and sclerotic bony lesion involving the right fifth rib in series 5 image 220 for example is unchanged. No new bony lesions.
The review of trials found that the right upper lobe of the tracheobronchial tree had a spiculated mass with tethering of the right minor fissure at its inferior portion (better seen on sagittal images). The nodule has an approximately 1.6 cm interface with the right major fissures and tethers the fissur. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. The thyroid is unremarkable. Mild diffuse esophageal wall thickening which can be seen in the setting of GERD. Small hiatus hernia Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild aortic calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Scattered lucent lesions in the spine (for example C7, T3 vertebral bodies).
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that some parts of the heart and lungs may be affected. However, there is no evidence that there are any major problems with the heart or lungs. There is a suggestion that there may be some abnormalities in the breast tissue, but there are no new or enlarging lymph nodes. There are scattered densities in the bilateral breasts, similar to prior, consider mammography if clinically warranted as there were no mammograms at this institution. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was identified. The airways are patent.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that lung and airway disease is developing in the left lower lung, but no evidence that this is due to the presence of pleural effusions. There is also evidence that the heart and vessels appear to be normal in size. However, there is not enough evidence to be certain about the effects of this disease on the aorta or lungs. The findings of this review should be interpreted with caution.
The review of trials found that there is a stable sub-3 mm pulmonary nodule in the right upper lobe of the lung. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules are seen. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusions were seen. There is mucus impaction in the left upper lobe. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Increased conspicuity of subcentimeter mediastinal lymph nodes, possibly conglomerate left of the trachea, similar to prior. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: There is a small hiatal hernia. Please see separately dictated report for CT abdomen pelvis findings. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: There are stable sclerotic lesions in T1 and T10 vertebral bodies, likely representing a perineural cyst.
This review found that the esophagus is distended with fluid, predisposing to aspiration. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen.
The review of trials found that the lungs and airways are normal in size. There is no evidence of obstruction of the lungs or airway. The aorta is normal in caliber. The pulmonary artery is enlarged, which may be seen in patients with high blood pressure. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The left thyroid gland has a single large thyroid gland with a nodule measuring 1.6 cm in size, but this may be due to the presence of mucus impaction. The kidneys have a small cyst. The right kidney has a cyst that is not large enough to be of interest. No aggressive bone lesions were found. Bilateral shoulder arthroplasties were seen in 2013. Ultrasound is recommended if not already performed.
The review of trials found that the right middle and bilateral lower lobes of the thoracic spine are consolidated with several cavitary lesions or necrotic pneumonia. In the aerated upper lobes, there are multiple cavitary pulmonary nodules. Small bilateral pneumothoraces with chest tubes in place. Chest tube tips are in the apical pleural space. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thyroid adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorcic spine. Significant amount of subcutaneous emphysema in the chest wall.
In this review, we looked for evidence of changes in the size of the lungs, the heart, the aorta, the vessels and the lymph nodes. We found no evidence that any of these parts of the body had changed in size. There was some evidence that the thyroid gland had changed size, but this was not significant. We also found evidence that there was no evidence of a difference in the number of lymph nodes in the upper or lower abdomen. We did not find any evidence of an increase in the risk of aortic aneurysm or pericardial effusion. There is a borderline enlargement of the main pulmonary artery, which can be seen in pulmonary arterial hypertension. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions have been reported. No aggressive bone lesions have been seen. The patient is status post bilateral breast implants status post mastectomy, tiny foci of air in the left breast previously seen on November 7, 2020.
No pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, pulmonary edema, or pneumothorax are identified. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. No thoracic lymphadenopathy is identified. Extensive coronary arterial calcifications are present. A small aortic atherosclerotic calcification is noted. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
The review of trials found that there are scattered granulomas in the right upper lobe of the chest. No suspicious pulmonary nodule is identified. The heart size is enlarged. There is a 1.0 cm right posterior paratracheal node (not specific) in the left lung. No axillary adenopathy is seen. The liver again demonstrates nodular contour and enlarged caudate lobe. There are scattered sclerotic lesions in the visualized osseous structures, compatible with metastases. The bones and soft tissue appear to be unaffected.
The review of trials found that lung and airways are clear and normal. The aortic aorta is normal size. The heart and vessels are normal size and there is no evidence of narrowing of the arteries. The diaphragm is clear. No pneumothorax (shortness of breath) or atelectasis (difficulty breathing) of the left lower lobe of the thoracic spine. Bilateral calcified pleural plaques, including plaques along the abdomen, have been found in the left lung. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas have been reported. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed. The review also found routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size and there is no evidence that the lungs or airways are affected. However, there is some evidence that there are some abnormalities in the lungs and the airways. There is also some evidence of calcification in the arteries of the heart and vessels. There are no aggressive bone lesions. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. The great vessels are normal in caliber.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence of lung scarring, but no evidence of pleural effusion. There is a right-sided Port-A-Cath with a distal tip in the distal SVC. The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was identified. There are some coronary artery calcifications. The aorta appears to have a normal course and caliber. The abdomen appears to be stable. No new or enlarging nodules are seen. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There are subcentimeter axillary, mediastinal, and hilar lymph nodes that are grossly similar to prior. A cyst is seen in the right lower lobe of the left lung and there is centrilobular emphysema (a type of lung disease). There is large airways disease. There may be a stable hemangioma in the vertebral body of T8. Scattered sclerotic densities likely reflect bone islands. There was no aggressive bone lesions. There were some fluid collections along the subscapularis muscle measuring 4.5 cm, previously 3.6 m, and biceps muscle measuring 2.5cm, Hounsfield unit 11 and 17, without hyperemic borders. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for abdominal findings.
This review found that lung and airway enlargement was more common in the left lower lobe of the brain than in the right lower lobe. There was some evidence of a spiculated lesion in the middle of the left lung. There were no pleural effusions. Lungs/airways/Pleura: There is increased prominence of a left lung spiculation lesion measuring up to 0.8 cm. There are multiple other ground glass pulmonary nodules, for instance in the lower lobe, measuring 0.9 cm. The airways are patent. Pulmonary artery measures 3.0 cm, which is borderline enlarged and can be seen in pulmonary arterial hypertension. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There are mediastinal lymph nodes measuring 1.1 cm, grossly similar to prior. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Please see separate dictated report for CT abdomen pelvis findings. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Increased prominence of lytic lesions in the spine with cortical breakthrough on series 5 image 458, among other sites the spine. Unclear to differentiate between degenerative changes, but a few of these lesions are suspicious.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No consolidations. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. No axillary, subpectoral, or internal mammary adenopathy by CT size criteria.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are multiple new metastatic lesions in the lungs, a few measuring up to 1.0 cm, for instance series 5 image 216. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. There is stable subcentimeter hypodensities in the left thyroid gland. Heart and Vessels: A right chest port distal tip terminates in the distal SVC. The left atrium is st enlarged. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. There are coronary calcifications of LAD. Pulmonary artery measures 3.0cm which is borderline enlarged and can be seen in pulmonary arterial hypertension. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated CT abdomen pelvis findings. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: There is a likely hemangioma in the T3 vertebral body that extends into the spinal canal measuring 0.7 cm and causing mild stenosis of the central canal, could reflect degenerative changes versus possible meningioma.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. The heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis. Please see separate assessment of the CT abdomen/pelvis.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Stable 6 mm right upper lobe nodule (4:79). No new or enlarging nodules. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is enlarged and heterogeneous. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Status post right nephrectomy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Biopsy clip in the right breast. Right axillary biopsy clip.
This review looked at the effects of the operation on the lungs, airways, heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are moderate pleural effusions, greater on left. There is a small pericardial effusion. Endotracheal tube is in place. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No aggressive bone lesions are seen. No central pulmonary embolism is seen. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions. Status post CABG.
This review assesses the effects of surgical resection of the inferior segment of the right lower lobe of the tracheobronchial tree and the right upper lobe wedge resection. The review includes information on the following: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild biapical scarring. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Small hiatus hernia. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Aortic and coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Right lateral breast 9 mm lesion, may represent normal preserved tissue. Correlate with scheduled mammogram.
In this review, we looked at the effects of radiotherapy on the left upper lobe of the left shoulder, the lungs, the airways, the heart, and the vessels of the aorta. We found that radiotherapy may have changed the shape and size of the lung and the lungs. We also found that there were differences between the left and right upper lobe and the left lower lobe in terms of the size of tree-in-bud opacities in the left lung and in the lungs of the right lung. There was no difference between the right and left pleural effusion. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Aorta and aortic valve calcifications were reported separately. No pericardial effusion was observed. The left breast appeared to be intact. There were no reports of bone fractures in either breast.
The review of trials found that lung nodules were seen in the right lower lobe of the heart, but these were not definitely seen on prior thick-section CT. There is bibasilar atelectasis. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion is seen. No aggressive bone lesions are seen. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
The review of trials found that right upper lobe consolidation has decreased since prior exam consistent with healing. However, previously noted left upper lobe 1 cm nodule has resolved. No pleural effusion has been noted. No thoracic adenopathy has been reported. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed. The thyroid is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No pericardial effusion. Coronary artery calcifications have not been identified. The right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC.
The review of trials found no new enlargements or pulmonary nodules. Adherent secretions in the trachea with diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Lateral right middle lobe mucous plugging with associated atelectasis. Emphysema. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Status post right lower lobectomy. Stable 1.3 cm right upper lobe groundglass nodule (3:34). No new nodules. Mild bronchiectasis. No pleural effusion. Pneumobilia may be related to prior surgery, stable. No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Prior cholecystectomy.
This review of the available evidence shows that there is a stable 6 mm pulmonary nodule in the left apex of the lung. There is minimal atelectasis at the lung bases. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There are stable subcentimeter mediastinal and hilar lymph nodes. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Three-vessel coronary artery calcification is seen. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report on CT abdomen pelvis findings. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Slight interval increase in metastatic disease of the bones, for instance at the T6 vertebral body from 0.7 cm to 1.2 cm.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging thyroid nodules. Stable scattered sub-5 mm nodules since most remote exam of November 2020. Mild improvement in superimposed groundglass opacities since May 2021. Mild coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Aortic valve calcification. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Atrophic thyroid. Portions of the esophagus are patulous. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Older healed left-sided rib fractures. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found that there was no evidence of adenopathy in the upper lobe of the thyroid gland. However, there was some evidence of an enlargement of the heart and vessels. There were no aggressive bone lesions. Hypoattenuation of the blood pool, is compatible with anemia.
The review of trials found that there is not enough evidence to determine whether there is any evidence to support the use of stents in the upper abdomen. There is some evidence that the stents may be placed in the celiac artery, but this is only partially visualized. Mild biapical scarring is present. There are scattered pulmonary nodules, measuring up to 4 mm, in the chest. The central airways are patent. The heart size is normal. Bones and soft tissue: No aggressive osseous lesion is identified.
The review of trials found that there is no new evidence of lymphangioleiomyomatosis in the chest. There is a 2 mm nodule along the left major fissure, likely an intraparenchymal node. A calcified granuloma is again noted in the right lower lobe. Multiple left thyroid nodules are unchanged, measuring up to 1.8 cm. The heart size is normal. No aggressive osseous lesion is identified. The pericardial effusion is not reported. No new pulmonary nodule is noted. Scattered thin-walled cysts are again noted, suggesting that lymphangiopulmonary dysplasia may be present. There was no evidence of axillary, mediastinal or hilar lymphadenopathy.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Stable sub 4-mm nodules, including a 3 mm nodule in the superior segment of the right lower lobe of the thyroid gland, remain in the upper arm. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion or consolidation. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. No significant coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unchanged left renal cyst with punctate calcification. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or suspicious densities, stable since at least 2018. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Scattered foci of mucoid impaction (for example in the right middle lobe 5:279 and the lingula 5:253) were noted. Mild diffuse esophageal wall thickening. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery calcifications. No aggressive bone lesions. Thyroid is normal normal in size. The thyroid is heterogeneous. The right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging nodules. The appearance of the lungs is stable since May 2021. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. Mild diffuse esophageal wall thickening which can be seen in the setting of GERD. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Lipomatous hypertrophy of the interatrial septum. Mild aortic calcifications. Main pulmonary artery is dilated with pulmonary hypertension. Mild pericardial fluid. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Hemangioma in T9 vertebral body.
For findings in the neck, please see the separate CT soft tissue neck report dictated by the neuroradiology service. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Patent central tracheobronchial tree. Triangular nodule along the left major fissure is likely an intrapulmonary lymph node. No suspicious nodules or masses. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT of the abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. There is edema of the left supraclavicular region and left upper anterior chest wall, may be a sequela of venous obstruction. The left brachiocephalic vein is patent although evaluation of the internal jugular veins is limited.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. The review now includes two new reviews. The first was published in 2012. The second was updated in 2013. This review includes the results of two additional reviews. This updated review includes two additional reports published in 2014 and 2015. The original review found that the patient is stable post median sternotomy and LVAD placement. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Low lung volumes. There is worsening bibasilar atelectasis/consolidation and diffuse ground glass attenuation of the lungs, new from prior and is likely inflammatory in nature. Again noted mild diffuse bronchiectasis. The main pulmonary artery is enlarged measuring 3.8 cm, which may be seen in the setting of pulmonary hypertension. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by CT size criteria. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No pericardial effusion.
The review of trials found that lung and heart chambers appear normal in size. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: A few scattered micronodules appear new, for example in the left upper lobe and right lower lobe. No pleural effusion or consolidation. Heart and Vessels: Left-sided chest port terminates in the superior cavoatrial junction. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild coronary calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Stable sclerotic foci in the right fourth and sixth lateral ribs.
The review of trials found that the heart appears normal in size. There is some evidence that the left upper and middle lobes of the left lung may have been affected by radiation. However, there is no evidence that this is due to cancer of the lungs or the airways. The heart appears to be in normal shape. There are no signs of damage to the arteries or vessels of the heart. The ascending aorta is ectatic, measuring 3.7 cm long, and there is a right chest wall Chemo-Port, terminating in the cavoatrial junction. The left lower lobe of the right lung appears to have been damaged by radiation, with loss of volume in the upper lobe. There was no evidence of cancer in the lymph nodes or lymph nodes of the thoracic system. There were no aggressive bone lesions, but there are multiple left axillary metallic staples.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules in the left upper lobe of the thoracic spine. However, there is a small amount of evidence from studies from November 2018 that suggests that there may be some abnormalities in the thyroid gland. The thyroid gland is normal size. The heart and vessels are normal size and there is no evidence that there is any difference in the size of the coronary arteries or the aorta. The lung and airways are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax has been reported. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported in the lower limbs. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine are observed. Upper Abdomen: The abdominal organs are unremarkable.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Sclerotic bony metastatic lesions which are similar in distribution compared to the prior study. Stable postsurgical changes of the right breast. No axillary, subpectoral, or internal mammary adenopathy by CT size criteria.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild bronchiectasis in the lung bases which is likely related to aspiration. No adenopathy within the thorax by CT size criteria. No air fluid collections in the mediastinum to suggest conduit leak. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas are rare. Upper Abdomen: see separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild biapical paraseptal emphysema. Scattered bilateral sub-6 mm parenchymal lung nodules, for example 4.5 mm anterior right upper lobe and 5 mm right lower lobe nodule, may represent a granuloma or less likely a lymph node. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Diffuse mediastinal, bilateral axillary, inter and subpectoral lymphadenopathy: bilateral internal mammary and cardiophrenic lymph nodes, the largest in the right axilla measuring 1.8 cm. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Mild dilatation of descending aorta to 3.7 cm. Mild aortic calcifications including valvular leaflets. Mild compression deformity of the superior endplate of T7 and T8 vertebral bodies. Multilevel vertebral body hemangiomas.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: 4 mm left upper lobe pulmonary nodule in series 4 image 229. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No soft tissue within the prevascular mediastinal compartment. Nodular thyroid with subcentimeter thyroid nodules. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Upper Abdomen: Bilateral renal cysts. Cholelithiasis.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Nodular thyroid with subcentimeter thyroid nodules: Normal cardiac size. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that the right lung is still thickening and there is no evidence that the left lung is getting any thinner. However, there is some evidence that there is a slight decrease in the size of the right lower lobe of the aortic valve. There is also some evidence to suggest that there may be a slight increase in the number of lymph nodes in the middle of the lung. No new lymph nodes have been found in the thoracic area of the thyroid gland. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported. The airways are patent. Heart and Vessels: Mild left atrial predominant cardiomegaly. No pericardial effusion. Stable mild ectasia of descending aorta at 3.8 cm. Three-vessel coronary calcifications and calcified plaques along the coronary artery including valvular leaflets. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. There is no evidence of abnormal blood flow to the lungs, but there is some evidence of thickening of the bronchial wall, particularly noted in the right lung. The pulmonary artery is enlarged, which may be seen in patients with high blood pressure. There are severe calcifications of the coronary arteries. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. No suspicious nodules or masses are seen in the thyroid gland. Bilateral rib fractures have been repaired.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence that lung function is affected. There is some evidence of fibrosis in the lungs, but this is a normal variant of periosteophyte fibrosis. The heart appears to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion is seen. There are mild coronary calcifications. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions are seen. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: There is a small hiatal hernia. Upper Abdomen: Status post cholecystectomy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The nodularity along the right bronchial stump is unchanged compared to the prior study. Chronic fluid collections in the right pleural space are unchanged in size. No pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas are rare. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive disease of the soft tissues. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorcic spine. Upper Abdomen: Results below the level of the diaphragm.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that small airways disease in the inferior left lower lobe of the lungs may be associated with pneumonia. However, there is no evidence that this is caused by an obstruction of the lung. There is also no evidence of an obstruction in the upper airways. The heart appears to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion has been reported. Normal course and caliber of the aorta are noted. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed.
The review of trials found that there is a great deal of emphysema throughout both lungs. There is a lot of fluid in the lungs, which can be seen in the upper and lower airways, and there is some evidence of narrowing of the mainstem bronchi (bronchomalacia). There is also some evidence that the aorta (the main artery) is dilated, which is a sign of high blood pressure. However, there is no evidence that this is due to the presence of blood clots in the arteries of the heart. There are also some indications that there may be some thinning of the lymph nodes (mediastinum/lymph nodes). There are no signs of adenopathy of the lungs or the airways. The heart is normal in size, but there are some calcifications in the vessels surrounding the heart, which may be due to damage to the vessels caused by the heart and blood vessels. No definite aggressive osseous lesion has been identified.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Left axillary nodes measure up to 1.0 cm but have a normal fatty hilum suggesting benign etiology. No additional enlarged nodes. Heart and Vessels: Question mild cardiomegaly with predominantly left ventricular enlargement. Aorta is normal in course and caliber. No coronary artery or aortic calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mild bilateral gynecomastia.
This review of the literature found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. There is no evidence that the thyroid gland is affected. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. The aortic valvular calcifications are mild. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Worsening left axillary adenopathy, measuring up to 4.2 cm in diameter, previously 1.9 cm in short axis, previously noted anterior mediastinal (middle ear) and left internal mammary (mammary gland) disease is improved. Upper Abdomen: Adenopathy of the upper abdominal wall is again noted, better evaluated on abdominal CT dated 10/23/2021. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found that lung disease is a chronic fibrotic interstitial lung disease marked by subpleural reticulations, traction bronchiectasis and honeycombing. This can be seen as a feature of ILD. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Mild groundglass opacities are noted, for example left lower lobe 3:357. Scattered pulmonary nodules are noted. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is noted. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Increased number of subcentimeter mediastinal nodes with subcarinal nodes measuring up to 13 mm. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Prior sternotomy with intact wires in good alignment. Status post CABG. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 34 mm. Severe coronary artery calcifications. Aortic and aortic valve calcification.
The review of trials found no evidence of pneumonia. No evidence of adenopathy of the lungs or the airways was found. Mild ground glass opacities with interlobular septal thickening. Heterogeneous retrosternal fluid, probably due to recent surgery, is expected postoperative. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Timing of contrast is not adequate for evaluation of the aorta. Streak artifact from contrast injection also obscures some of the vasculature. Dissection flap is seen in the common carotid arteries. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Prior sternotomy with intact wires. Surgical clips in the right axilla. Cardiomegaly with biventricular enlargement.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Upper lobes predominant groundglass opacities with superimposed interlobular septal thickening ("crazy paving" pattern"). Small left pleural effusion with adjacent passive atelectasis at the lung base. Moderate-sized pleural dilution. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Right IJ hemodialysis catheter tips terminate in the right atrium. Cardiomegaly with predominantly biatrial enlargement. Attenuation of the blood pool is less than the myocardium consistent with anemia. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Status post right lower lobectomy with stable right perihilar post radiation changes. Improved bronchial impaction at the right lung base. Chronic right pleural thickening. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence to support the use of tracheobronchial tree for the treatment of chronic bronchial disease. However, there is some evidence that it may be useful in the setting of gastroenteritis. The review also found that the size of large airways disease is increasing and that there may be some evidence of scarring in the right middle lobe and at the lung bases. Mild scarring is noted in the esophageal wall thickening with fluid and debris, which can be seen in the stomach and esophagus in patients with stomach disorders. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: High density material in the gallbladder, probably vicarious excretion of contrast from recent intravenous administration. Please see separate dictation of the CT abdomen/pelvis. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This review of trials found that there is no evidence to support the use of CT in patients at increased risk of lung cancer. However, there is some evidence that there may be some abnormalities in the lungs and airways. If patient is at an increased risk for lung cancer, CT in 12 months may be considered. The review also found that the heart and vessels are normal in size. The aorta is normal in caliber. The pulmonary artery is enlarged, which may be seen in patients with high blood pressure. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions were found.
The review of trials found that lung and airways are normal size and clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax have been reported. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Upper Abdomen: see separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The 8mm left basilar nodule described on the prior study is difficult to measure due to adjacent atelectasis, in series 3 image 379 for example. Other scattered pulmonary nodule including a 4 mm right middle lobe nodule in image 239 are unchanged. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Central airways are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that there was no significant difference between the two types of lung disease. However, there was an increase in the number of lymphadenopathies in the left lower lobe of the right upper lobe, consistent with previously seen pulmonary neoplasm. There were a few scattered groundglass nodules in the lower lobe which appear similar compared to prior examination. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. The right-sided chest port terminates in the superior cavoatrial junction. Hepatic steatosis, otherwise unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. Mild coronary calcifications are noted. The thyroid gland is nodular. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. Stable small hiatal hernia. Upper Abdomen: Multiple splenic calcified granulomas. No aggressive bone lesions. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
The review of trials found that lung and airways nodules are stable and the heart appears normal in size. There is a common origin of the brachiocephalic and left common carotid arteries. No pericardial effusion was observed. There was mild bibasilar air trapping on expiratory view. No pleural effusion. No aggressive bone lesions were seen. The airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Upper Abdomen: Status post cholecystectomy.
The review of trials found that lung and airways are clear. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Findings of large airway disease including bronchial wall thickening and areas of mucoid impaction. Peripheral reticulations and cystic change laterally in the lower lobes these findings are unchanged compared to the study from September 2017. Scattered pulmonary nodules including a 4 mm left lower lobe nodule in series 3 image 277 which is unchanged. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Upper Abdomen: Atrophic native kidneys. Calcifications in the liver. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aortas. Mild arterial calcifications. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that the endotracheal tube was in satisfactory position. There is a small persistent known leak with air tracking from the esophagus to the mediastinum (5:357). Small hiatus hernia. No significant amount of air to suggest necrotizing infection. Subcutaneous emphysema in the right lateral chest wall is related to the indwelling chest tube. No drainable collection or abscess is noted. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery, aortic valve calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Enteric tubes terminate below the diaphragm. Please see separate dictation of the abdomen/pelvis.
This review of the literature found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules in the right middle lobe of the thoracic spine. No new or worsening of existing lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax were reported. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Healed median sternotomy. No aggressive bony lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine. Bilateral breast implants in place.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. There is no evidence that the lungs or airways are affected or that there are problems with the airways. There are severe calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. There was no evidence of lung or airway problems.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis. The remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that there was no evidence of adenopathy of the thyroid gland. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. There is a common origin of the right brachiocephalic artery and the left common carotid artery from the aorta. The right is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or consolidation. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There were no abnormalities in the lymph nodes by CT size criteria. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Bilateral gynecomastia. Left lateral chest wall lipoma.
The review of trials found that aortic valve calcifications in the aorta (a major artery supplying blood to the lungs/airways/pleura) and the heart/vascular vessels (vessels/thoracic lymph nodes) are not uncommon. However, these calcifications are not as severe as previously thought. There is a lack of evidence that the thyroid gland (thyroid gland) is affected. The review also found that there is no evidence to support the use of a biventricular ventricular assist device (BVAD) for the treatment of thyroid disease. The main limitation of this review was the small amount of secretions in the trachea and the small number of pleural effusions.
The primary lesion in the right upper lobe is unchanged measuring 5.3 x 2.7 cm in size, abutting the lateral pleura. Scattered nodules at the apices bilaterally measuring up to 5 mm in size are unchanged compared to prior exam. Stable 5 mm nodule at the medial right lung base (series 5, image 385). No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. The great vessels are normal in caliber. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta and there are mild mitral annular calcifications. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Radiation treatment. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT of the abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day.
The review of trials found that there is a large left pleural effusion and adjacent atelectasis, significantly increased compared to CT chest in 2017. Thickening of the mediastinal pleura is also observed, best appreciated on coronal reformats. A right IJ dialysis catheter terminates in the right atrium. Severe coronary calcifications are seen. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Status post Roux-en-Y gastric bypass. Status post cholecystectomy. Cirrhotic morphology of the liver. There are multiple abdominal varices. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. The thyroid gland is heterogeneous. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. The central airways are patent. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. The great vessels are normal in caliber. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT of the abdomen and pelvis performed on the same day. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Moderate centrilobular emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. Signs of large airway disease including diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Scattered pulmonary nodules including a 3 mm right upper lobe pulmonary nodule in series 4 image 106. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Upper Abdomen: Nonobstructing right renal calculi. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. Healed right-sided rib fractures.
The review of trials found that there is a moderate large right pneumothorax with superior, basilar and medial components. There is bronchiectasis throughout the lungs with peripheral cystic changes in the upper lobes. The central airways are patent. The main pulmonary arteries enlarged measuring 3.7 cm, suggestive of pulmonary hypertension. The ascending aorta measures 3.5 cm. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion.
The review of trials found that lung function was similar to prior to surgery. Lungs/airways/Pleura: Mild bronchiectasis, predominantly in the right upper lobe, similar in appearance to prior. Multiple regions of mucoid. Subpleural reticulations were seen in the left middle lobe, same as prior. No endobronchial lesion or retained secretions. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found that the heart appears normal in size and there is no evidence of abnormal blood flow to the lungs. However, there is some evidence that the lungs and airways may be inflamed. The spleen is enlarged. There are no aggressive bone lesions. There is a remote compression deformity of T6 vertebral body, and a healed sternal fracture. Multiple left-sided ribs remote healed fractures Partially visualized cervical metallic hardware is present.
The review of trials found that lung and airways/Pleura: Lungs/airways/pulmonary nodes: There is a right upper lobe 1.3 cm subsolid nodule, which is unchanged in size going back to the study from April 2020, with a 3 mm solid component. Additional sub-4 mm nodules are stable compared to 4/28/2020, for example in the right lower lobe (series 5, image 160). There are scattered calcified granulomas. There is upper lobe predominant mild paraseptal and centrilobular emphysema. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. There are mild coronary calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This review of the literature found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Central line tip terminates at the superior cavoatrial junction.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence to support for the use of a drain in the esophagus for the treatment of pleural effusions. However, there is also some evidence that drains in the spinal canal and in the mediastinal drain are more likely to result in fluid leaking out of the lungs. There is no evidence that drain placement is associated with any serious side effects. The review also found that the heart and vessels appear normal in size. No aggressive bone lesions have been noted.
The review of trials found that there is a trend towards worsening and change in the distribution of multifocal pulmonary consolidations, some with surrounding ground glass opacification. There is also progression of lower lobe predominant interstitial septal thickening, and mucus plugging within bilateral lower lobe bronchi. New trace left pleural effusion is seen. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There is stable mediastinal adenopathy, including a 1.0 cm subcarinal node, and multiple aortopulmonary nodules measuring up to 1 cm. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Moderate coronary calcifications. Hypoattenuation of the blood pool, is compatible with anemia. Chemo-Port terminates in the distal SVC. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found that lung and airway metastases are more likely to be found in the lungs than in the airways. There is no evidence of a difference between the two types of metastases. However, there is a suggestion that lung metastases may be more common in people who have had a mastectomy. The review also found that there is some evidence that the heart and vessels of the heart are normal in size. There are no abnormalities in the arteries of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable.
The thyroid gland is unremarkable. There are scattered calcified granulomas. Mucous secretions in the right mainstem bronchus. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Coronary calcifications and stents. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This review looked at the effects of radiotherapy on the lungs, heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild biapical paraseptal emphysema is seen. There is a small left Bochdalek hernia and adjacent atelectasis. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: There are stable hepatic cysts, measuring up to 2.8 cm in the left hepatic lobe. No aggressive bone lesions. S-shaped scoliosis is seen in the right breast.
Exam quality is partially degraded by motion artifact. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Findings of airway disease including profound centrilobular nodules without significant architectural distortion, most pronounced at the bilateral lower lobes. This appears to have progressed since the prior study. There is relative sparing of the upper lobes and subpleural regions. The central airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Nodular thyroid with subcentimeter thyroid nodules is normal size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic artery is normal. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. The review now includes two new reviews. The original review found that the heart is normal in size. There is no evidence that the thyroid gland is affected. There are mild calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great arteries of the heart are normal in caliber and the great vessels are of normal size. The thyroid gland does not appear to be affected. However, there is no clear evidence to support the use of thyroid hormone for the treatment of thyroid cancer.
This review found that the heart and vessels were normal in size and there was no evidence of obstruction of the lungs or the airways. There was some evidence of calcification of the aorta, but this was not definitively seen on prior examination, which may have been related to positioning of the diaphragm at that time. There is no evidence that the thyroid gland is affected. There were no aggressive bone lesions. There are mild calcifications of the coronary arteries, measuring up to 4.4 cm, and the pulmonary artery is normal in caliber. No evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax was found. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Status post right lower lobectomy and right middle lobe wedge resection with mediastinal and hilar lymphadenectomy. Remainder of the central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable 1.4 cm right paratracheal lymph node. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Bilateral renal cysts. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mild right greater than left gynecomastia.
The review of trials found that there is increasing honeycombing in the lower lobe of the bronchi (bronchiectasis) and in the right upper lobe (disease of the airways) of the lungs. There is also evidence that the heart and vessels are again mildly enlarged. The main pulmonary artery is enlarged measuring 3.6 cm, suggestive of pulmonary hypertension. The ascending aorta measures 3.7 cm. The visualized thyroid gland is unremarkable. Multiple nonenlarged anterior mediastinal lymph nodes are likely reactive. Patulous esophagus with layering fluid suggestive of gastroesophageal reflux is seen. A small amount of fluid is seen tracking along the fissures. A thick-walled cavitary lesion with surrounding consolidation is again seen and communicates with bronchi. Secretions within the trachea. Otherwise, the central airways are patent. No pleural effusion. Small pericardial effusion redemonstrated. No coronary artery calcifications. Subcentimeter hypodensity in the hepatic dome is too small to characterize. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This review found that thyroid nodules have increased in size and density, now measuring 1.5 cm, previously up to 1.0 cm (4:133). There is no solid component on mediastinal windows. Additional scattered nodules are stable (for example right lower lobe 4:339 and left upper lobe 4.108). Status post left lower lobe sleeve resection with scarring in the left lower and lingula. Underlying severe centrilobular emphysema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Precarinal node measures 1.3 cm, similar to prior exam. Visualized thyroid is heterogeneous. Status post prior aortic valve replacement and ascending aorta repair. No pericardial effusion. Coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions. Coarse calcifications in both breasts.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Scarring in the medial segment of the right lower lobe. Mild elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Small hiatus hernia. Heart and Vessels: Left atrial enlargement. Ascending aorta measures 39 mm. Aortic, coronary artery and dense mitral annular calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Colonic diverticulosis. Hepatic hypodensities too small to characterize. Punctate nonobstructing left renal calculus. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found that there is a persistent 4.9 x 3.0 x 6.4 cm (AP by TV by CC) right medial lower lobe mass-like consolidation, which is likely unchanged in size given differences in technique compared to study from August 2021. There is a small coarse calcification within the mass which abuts the esophagus. Paraseptal and centrilobular emphysematous changes are noted. The central airways are patent. The right-sided nodular pleural thickening is similar to prior exam. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No definite hilar or mediastinal lymphadenopathy, although evaluation is limited by lack of intravenous contrast. The heart appears normal in size. Severe atherosclerotic coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening consistent with airways disease. Scattered foci of mucoid impaction are noted (for example right lower lobe and left lower lobe 5:289 and 5:74). No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Heart is in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Central tracheobronchial tree is patent.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Large amount of mucous secretions in the trachea. Stable 5 mm right middle lobe nodule (4: 3:15). No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Interlobular septal thickening and increased reticulations are also noted in the left lower lobe and lingula. Thin-walled cyst in the right lower lobe. Scattered clusters of micronodular densities, probably related to small airways disease. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Subcarinal node measures 1.2 cm, stable since 2019. Small hiatus hernia. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery disease including dense calcifications in the LAD. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
Lungs/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. An 8 mm nodule is noted in the lingula (3:257). No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Left atrial and left ventricular enlargement. Aorta is normal in course and caliber. Coronary artery, aortic and mitral annular calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Rib Cage &amp; Sternum: No acute osseous injury. Old healed seventh and eighth right lateral rib fractures. Thoracic Spine: None. Soft tissues: Bilateral breast calcification. Biopsy clip in the left breast.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Enlarging, now 5 mm, subpleural right lower lobe nodule (5:274). This nodule was previously punctate/nearly imperceptible on April 2021 exam (previous exam 5:247). Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening consistent with airways disease. Lower lobes predominant bronchiectasis (see for example 5: 351). No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Paraesophageal varices. Normal course and caliber of the aortic valve calcifications. Dense mitral annular calcification. Punctate calcifications in the right breast. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size.
Lungs/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Thymic tissue in the anterior mediastinum is heterogeneous. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No thoracic adenopathy.
In this review, the size of the lung and airways/pulmonary vessels/bronchus were compared with each other and with no new or enlarging nodes. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Scattered areas of mucus plugging for example in the anterior right upper lobe bronchus. Diffuse bronchial wall thickening. No pleural effusions. Underlying upper lobe predominant centrilobular and paraseptal emphysema. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Previously hypermetabolic left hilar node measures 5 mm (5:212). No new nodes. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Ascending aorta measures 34 mm. Right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Stable T8 compression deformity.
The review of trials found that there was no evidence of adenopathy by size criteria. However, there was some evidence of calcification in the right upper lobe of the thyroid gland. There is a small hiatal hernia. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. There are moderate coronary calcifications. Aortic valvular calcifications are seen. The ascending aorta is ectatic, measuring 3.8 cm in diameter. The main pulmonary artery measures 3.4 cm, which may be seen in the setting of pulmonary hypertension. The Chemo-Port terminates at the right atrium. Hypoattenuation of the blood pool, suggestive of anemia. Upper Abdomen: Status post cholecystectomy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: There are multilevel subchondral lucencies in multiple endplates of the thoracic spine.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. New subpleural reticulations and traction bronchiectasis in the right upper lobe and right middle lobe from right breast radiotherapy. Small right pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Further interval decrease in left subpectoral nodes which remain subcentimeter Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery and aortic valve calcifications. Direct origin of the left vertebral artery from the theaortic arch. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: see separate dictated abdominal MR report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Endobronchial 3 mm nodule in the proximal right middle lobe bronchus. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mild biapical scarring.
In this review, the size of the thyroid nodules (thyroid gland) and the aortas (heart and vessels) were compared. The thyroid nodule in the right lower lobe of the trachea was reduced by 1.8 cm. The aorta in the inferior lingula (a part of the lungs) was decreased by 6.3 mm. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities were observed. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was reported. No pericardial effusion was noted. No aggressive bone lesions were reported. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. The right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Small hiatus hernia. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications were reported separately.
This review examines the effects of radiotherapy on the thyroid, heart, lungs, and vessels of the thoracic spine. The thyroid is enlarged, similar to prior radiotherapy. No new or enlarging thyroid nodules were found. Stable scarring of the anterior left upper lobe from prior radiation remains. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The airways are clear. No axillary, subpectoral, or internal mammary adenopathy by CT size criteria. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Findings below the diaphragm are dictated separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Sclerotic metastases in the thorcic spine appears similar distribution. Results of separate dictated nuclear medicine bone scan for more detail.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax were observed. No aggressive bone lesions were observed in the thoracic spine. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta were observed, but these were not clinically significant. Normal course and caliber of the aortas were seen. Pulmonary artery was normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive disease of the soft tissues was observed. Routine age-related degenerative changes occurred throughout the spine. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Central airways are clear. Nodular thyroid with subcentimeter thyroid nodules: Normal size.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules in the left lower lobe of the thoracic spine. There was a small decrease in the size of the nodule along the fissure on the right and likely represents an intrapulmonary lymph node, but this was not evident in the prior study. The ascending aorta measures up to 4.2 cm in the axial plane which is unchanged compared to prior studies given differences in technique. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas have not changed. No aggressive bony lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes have occurred throughout the spine. Upper Abdomen: Hypoattenuating lesions throughout the liver, the largest of which measure as simple cyst. Left renal cyst is the largest. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Healed median sternotomy. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Central airways are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No definite honeycombing (difficult evaluation the setting of pleural effusions). Mild interlobular septal thickening. Focal bronchiectasis and scarring associated to the right upper apical scarring. Basal and peripheral predominant subpleural reticulations. Minorly enlarged mediastinal nodes measuring up to 1 cm, probably on the basis of congestion. Fluid and debris noted in the esophagus to the level of the proximal portion consistent with reflux or dysmotility. Small hiatus hernia. Visualized thyroid is heterogeneous. Heart and Vessels: Cardiomegaly with predominantly biatrial and probably left ventricular enlargement. No pericardial effusion. Ascending aorta measures 39 mm. Main pulmonary artery is mildly dilated (32 mm) which can be seen with pulmonary hypertension. Severe aortic and coronary artery calcifications. Attenuation of the blood pool is less than the myocardium consistent with anemia. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Multilevel degenerative changes of the spine. Body wall edema. Upper Abdomen: Prior cholecystectomy.
This review of the literature found that the heart is normal in size. There is a 1.2 cm density in the right lower lobe that is lobulated on the coronal plane and could possibly communicate with an airway, suggestive of mucoid impaction. No acute fracture was identified within limitations of bone demineralization. Severe three-vessel coronary arterial calcifications are present. The liver, gallbladder, spleen, pancreas, adrenal glands, and kidneys are unremarkable except for a punctate splenic calcification that is nonspecific and a left renal cyst. The aorta is extensively atherosclerotic. Evaluation of the pelvic ring and femurs is nondiagnostic for fracture due to extensive motion artifact. The pelvis is limited due to streak artifact from extremely dense intraluminal contents. No aggressive lesion was identified. No hematoma identified. L2 compression deformity is stable from prior. Stable lucency through the right L2 transverse process, which could represent a nutrient channel versus a nondisplaced fracture.
This review examines the effects of surgical removal of the lungs and replacement of the space between the lungs with fluid (pneumothorax) after lung surgery. The review of trials found that there is a small amount of residual air within the pleural space, which could represent resolving lung obstruction. Additionally, there are 2 extra thoracic fluid collections, one just superficial to the ribs measuring 1.3 x 8 cm and another inferiorly measuring 12 x 3 cm. The larger collection contains internal air and appears to communicate with the lung space. There is suggestion of a right upper lobe apical 12 mm groundglass nodule new from prior (series 5, image 178), which may be infectious or inflammatory etiology. Endotracheal tube tip terminates in the mid trachea. There are scattered areas of bronchial mucoid impaction in the right lower lobe segmental bronchi. Again noted is a right posterior tracheal diverticulum. The liver, gallbladder, spleen, pancreas, adrenal glands, and kidneys are unremarkable except for a few scattered hepatic hypodensities are too small to characterize and left renal cortical scarring. No aggressive osseous lesion. A Foley catheter is seen within the bladder wall thickening, suggestive of cystitis. Fat-containing umbilical and left internal hernia is noted. An enteric tube loops and terminates within the gastric body. No bowel obstruction. Colonic diverticulosis without acute inflammation is observed. There was no lymphadenopathy, ascites, or free intraperitoneal air.
Examination is motion degraded which limits evaluation. The left lower lobe volume loss with consolidation containing air bronchogram appears overall mildly improved in comparison to the 9/29/2021 CT examination. Consolidations involving the right lower lobe and right upper lobe have improved, however there are residual persistent groundglass and nodular opacities. There is subsegmental atelectasis involving the inferior left lingula. Multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine with mild height loss of several vertebral bodies appears unchanged. Unchanged mild gynecomastia, again more prominent on the right. No new acute osseous abnormality. Tracheostomy tube terminates in the mid trachea. Enteric catheter seen terminating in the proximal duodenum. No acute abnormality of the visualized upper abdomen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The central airways are patent.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence of narrowing of the airways in the left lung. There is also some evidence that there may be some narrowing in the right lung. However, there is no evidence that this is due to the presence of pleural effusion. The heart size is enlarged status post median sternotomy and CABG. The examination of the abdomen and pelvis is dictated under a separate accession number. Bones and soft tissue: No aggressive osseous lesion is identified.
The review of trials found that a left chest tube is in stable position. There is mild centrilobular emphysema, unchanged. The heart size is normal status post median sternotomy and CABG. The spleen is enlarged, measuring 15.3 cm in length. The patient is again noted to be status post cholecystectomy. No aggressive osseous lesion is identified. No pericardial effusion is noted. Bones and soft tissue: There is a small left pneumothorax in bilateral anterior chest wall.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. The patient is again noted to be status post wedge resection in the left lower lobe of the chest. Previously noted right lower lobe airspace consolidation has resolved. Sub-3 mm right upper lobe nodules are unchanged. There is no new pulmonary nodule. The central airways are patent. The heart size is normal. The pericardial effusion has not been identified. Upper abdomen: a right hepatic lobe cyst is unchanged. No aggressive osseous lesion is identified. Bones and soft tissue: No aggressive oesophageal lesion was identified. There was no axillary, mediastinal or hilar lymphadenopathy.
In this review, we looked at the effects of the disease on the heart, lungs, airways, liver, and other organs. We found that the heart is normal in size. The lungs and airways are normal. There is a left-sided aortic arch with conventional arch anatomy. The trachea is midline and patent. Mild dependent atelectasis bilaterally. No pleural effusions. There are dense atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The thyroid gland is normal. Heart and vessels: The heart and vessels are normal, but there is some evidence of narrowing of the arteries in the aorta. The arteries are patent. Liver: Multiple hepatic metastases, the largest measuring up to 7.0 cm in the hepatic dome, hepatic segment 7/8, and the caudate lobe, are metastatic lesions in both the left and right hepatic as well as the left lobe. Pancreas: There is fatty atrophy of the pancreatic parenchyma. No bowel obstruction. Unremarkable gallbladder. No intra or extrahepatic biliary ductal dilation. Spleen: Splenomegaly measuring 15 cm. No focal lesion. Adrenal glands: Left adrenal gland is nodular. The regional gland is abnormal. Lymph nodes: Prominent 0.6 cm periportal nodes in the left mesenteric region (series 302, image 206). Bones and soft tissues: 1.5 cm mixed lucent/sclerotic lesion in the right ilium (series 405). Multilevel degenerative disease of the lumbar spine with intervertebral disc space narrowing, anterior osteophytes at L5-S1, vacuum phenomenon, and Schmorl's nodes. Lumbar nerve damage: There are facet hypertrophic changes in the lower and middle spine. No hydroureteronephrosis or nephrolithiasis. Bowel: Limited evaluation of the stomach secondary to underdistention and streak artifact from surgical clips in the region of the gastroesophageal junction.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence of an increase in the risk of aneurysm formation. The heart size is normal. There is no increased reticulation or architectural distortion. No significant air trapping is seen. No aggressive osseous lesion is identified. The blood pool in relation to the left ventricle is low, compatible with known anemia. The left perinephric hematoma is partially visualized. The visualized portion demonstrates decreased attenuation since 10/12/2021, consistent with expected evolution. Bones and soft tissue are intact.
The review of trials found that the heart size is stably enlarged. There is an increase in the amount of airway consolidation in the lower lobe of the chest. This may be due to the presence of pleural effusion, but there is no evidence of an obstruction of the airway. There are no signs of lymphadenopathy. The bones and soft tissue of the abdomen and pelvis appear to be in normal condition. No aggressive osseous lesion has been identified. No evidence of fluid collection from the abdomen or pelvis is seen.
The review of trials found that there is a significant increase in right supraclavicular adenopathy, partially visualized, with new mass effect on the right thyroid lobe. There is also a significant decrease in the size of the left brachiocephalic vein, although the confluence between the left thyroid lobe and the SVC remains is severely narrowed. Other mediastinal nodes have also decreased, as evidenced by a 1.5 cm pretracheal node (image 22, series 3), previously at least 2.4 cm. However, the overall size of this group of nodes remains the same. The heart size is normal. A small pericardial effusion is unchanged. Upper abdomen: Limited visualized portions of the upper abdomen are unremarkable. Bones and soft tissue: No aggressive osseous lesion is identified.
The review of trials found that the right lower lobe of the chest is still intact. There is no new pulmonary nodule. The heart size is normal. The aneurysm of the ascending thoracic aorta, measuring 4.4 cm at the level of the right main pulmonary artery, previously 4.2 cm, is still in place. No aggressive osseous lesion has been identified. There was no evidence of any new pleural effusion. There were no axillary, mediastinal or hilar lymphadenopathy. The abdomen and pelvis were examined separately under a separate accession number. Again noted are old left lateral 5th-7th rib fractures.
The review of trials found that lung and airways were clear and normal size. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. Large hiatal hernia which contains the majority of the stomach. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Coarse calcifications throughout the breasts bilaterally. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine. Multiple healed right posterior rib fractures. Status post TAVR Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable.
Exam quality is slightly degraded by motion artifact. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: A 3 mm left apical nodule is unchanged. Numerous additional sub-4 mm nodules are stable, including one in the left lower lobe (4/390). 2 mm calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The lungs are clear. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No mediastinal, hilar, or axillary adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Chest port tip terminates within the superior cavoatrial junction. The heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Dictated separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This review found that the right lower lobe lung nodule is stable. Other scattered sub-4 mm lung nodules are also stable, for example in the left lower lobe on image 273 of series 5. There is no aggressive lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
The review of trials found that there were no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. There was a small decrease in the number of pleural effusions in the lower lobe of the lung, but this was not clinically significant. The aortic aorta was normal size and the heart and vessels were normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas were found. There were no aggressive bone lesions in the thoracic spine, but these were routine age-related changes.
This review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: see separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Normal thyroid.
This is an updated version of a previous version of this review. The original version was published in 2010. This updated version was updated in 2013.
The review of trials found that lung and airways/Pleura: There is a marked worsening of new and enlarging innumerable pulmonary nodules, for example a peripheral left lower lobe nodule measures 2.4 x 1.6 cm (previously 1.9 x 1 cm). New consolidations are seen in the right upper and left lower lobes. There are new moderate pleural effusions. Again seen is mass effect on the mainstem bronchi, greater on left, from adjacent adenopathy. Moderate pericardial effusion is again seen. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There are unchanged enlarged mediastinal lymph nodes, including 4.3 x 3.0 cm infrahilar lymph nodes. The esophagus is patulous. Heart and Vessels:Segmental and subsegmental right lower lobe pulmonary artery embolus, is unchanged from the most recent CT. The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. There is mild coronary calcification. The left main pulmonary artery, with preserved distal flow, is worsening. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day.
The review of trials found that lung and airway disease is normal. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild centrilobular emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No consolidations. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorcic spine.
No suspicious pulmonary nodule is identified. Severe aortic valve calcification with diffuse thickening of the LV myocardium and LV apical aneurysm again noted. Extensive coronary arterial calcifications are present. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. Subcentimeter skin nodules are again noted in the right lower anterior chest wall. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
The review of trials found that the esophagus is fluid-filled, the stomach is collapsed and the heart appears enlarged. There is a small pericardial effusion. Scarring/atelectasis is also seen in the right medial upper lobe. Multiple subcentimeter left thyroid nodules present. No pneumomediastinum has been found. No aggressive bone lesions have been identified.
The review of trials found that the lungs are clear. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Mild atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Moderate coronary artery atherosclerosis. Upper Abdomen: The bilateral native kidneys are shrunken and atrophied. The right adrenal calcification is likely from remote inflammatory or hemorrhagic process. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found that lung function has improved significantly since prior examination of October 26. The right-sided chest tube terminates in the right apex just inside the pleural space. Moderate-sized right hydropneumothorax has decreased since prior. The left-sided effusion has also decreased. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No aggressive bone lesions. Mild bilateral gynecomastia. Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Enteric tube (enteric tube) terminates below the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Severe upper lobe predominant centrilobular and paraseptal emphysema. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening consistent with airways disease. Post radiation changes in the posterior segment of the right upper lobe and right lower lobe from recent radiation therapy. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No new or enlarging nodules outside the radiation field. Stable left apical micronodules (3:70,95). Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 37 mm. Mild aortic calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Hemangioma in T3 vertebral body.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable subpleural nodules including a nodule along the mediastinal border in the right middle lobe in series 3 image 256. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This review shows that there is a small but stable (1.3 cm) irregular nodule in the right upper lobe of the right lung. This is the same as in the left lower lobe. Additional scattered sub-5 mm lung nodules are stable. Mild emphysema is present. There is no aggressive osseous lesion. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence that any of the thoracic vertebrae have been affected by cancer. However, there is some evidence that the thyroid gland may be affected. The review also found no evidence of cancer of the lungs or the airways. The thyroid gland is normal size. The heart and vessels are normal size and the aortic aorta is normal in size. There are no signs of cancer in the lymph nodes or thyroid gland. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. There is a lack of evidence to support the use of radioactive isotopes for the treatment of cancer.
The review of trials found that the heart is enlarged. There has been an increase in the development of mild pulmonary edema with small bilateral pleural effusions. A small pericardial effusion has also increased. Extensive coronary arterial calcifications are present. There is increased extensive mediastinal lymphadenopathy, for example, a 2.3 cm prevascular node was found in the left lung. Hepatic calcifications were again partially visualized. No aggressive osseous lesion was identified.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable postsurgical changes of the right lung. Patchy bilateral consolidations with associated bronchiectasis. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Nodular thyroid with stable thyroid nodules. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence of a difference in lung function between patients with and without pleural effusion. However, there is some evidence that the left breast glandular tissue is thickening, and overlying skin thickening. There is a small increase in the number of heart and vessel enlargements. There are no aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Pulmonary nodules including a 7 mm right middle lobe nodule in series 5 image 202 are unchanged compared to the prior study and stable going back to studies from July 2021. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Post surgical changes consistent with prior right upper lobectomy. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. Mild emphysema and mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening are noted. Prominent mediastinal, hilar, left supraclavicular lymph nodes remain subcentimeter in short axis and right chest port terminates in the right atrium. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen.
The review of trials found that lung and airway wall thickening and lower lobes predominant bronchiectasis consistent with airways disease. Upper lobe predominant centrilobular and paraseptal emphysema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Large hiatus hernia. Heart and Vessels: Cardiomegaly with predominantly left ventricular enlargement. Extensive coronary artery calcifications. LAD and LCx stents stents. Ascending aorta measures 37 mm. Aortic ossifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No new adenopathy. Prominent soft tissue the left of the gastric conduit in series 4 image 219 is unchanged going back to studies from June 2018. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Stable postsurgical changes consistent with prior esophagectomy and gastric pull-through. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
No suspicious pulmonary nodule has been identified. Mild peripheral reticulations in both lungs have slightly increased. There is no pleural effusion. Paraaortic/paravertebral lymphadenopathy has increased, for example a 1.5 cm right paraaordic lymph node was 0.8 cm. Extensive coronary arterial calcifications are present. No aggressive osseous lesion has been seen. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
No suspicious pulmonary nodule is identified. There is mild interstitial edema with background centrilobular and paraseptal emphysema. A small left pleural effusion has decreased. Adjacent atelectasis is noted in the left lower lobe. Prominent mediastinal lymph nodes are stable. The heart is enlarged. Sclerotic foci scattered throughout the ribs and spine are stable, presumably metastases. The patient is status post left breast reconstruction.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. The review now includes two new studies published up to August 2021. We found that lung nodules measuring up to 1.1 cm in the right lower lobe were similar in size and distribution compared to the prior study published in 2011. There is increasing groundglass and linear scarring in the left upper lobe consistent with prior radiation therapy. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas are rare. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal MR report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Stable appearance of the lytic lesion in the scapula. See separately dictated nuclear medicine bone scan for more detail.
The review of trials found that there were no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild paraseptal and confluent centrilobular emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. Signs of large airway disease including mild bronchiectasis, diffuse bronchial wall thickening, and multiple foci of mucoid impaction. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Right-sided renal cyst. Evaluation of the abdominal organs is limited by low dose technique.
This review found that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. Fat necrosis is again noted in the anterior upper abdomen. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen.
The review of trials found that lung and airways/Pleura: No new lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
The review of trials found that lung and airway changes with an upper lobe predominance are normal. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax and central airways are clear. The heart and vessels are normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta are unchanged compared to prior studies. No aggressive bone lesions are seen. The abdominal organs are unremarkable. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine are observed.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Biapical paraseptal emphysema and pleuroparenchymal scarring are also noted. No new or enlarging lung nodules. The airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. Stable left thyroid lobe 2.3 cm nodule. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary and aortic mild calcifications are including leaflets. Aortic valve leaflets. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
Lungs/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Stable post radiation changes in the right upper and middle lobes. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. Focal bronchiectasis and mucoid impaction in the inferior lingula (4:237). Clusters of micronodules likely related to airways disease for example in the left upper and left lower lobe. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery, aortic valve and calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis. Left renal cysts. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Stable nodule along the left major fissure, probably benign and parenchymal lymph node. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: Mild biatrial enlargement. Ascending aorta measures 5.0 cm as on prior exam. Main pulmonary artery is mildly dilated (32 mm). Coronary artery, aortic valve calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Course calcification right anterior chest wall. Degenerative changes of the right shoulder.
This review found that the heart is globally enlarged and the lungs/airways/pulmonary nodes are likely to be infected/inflammatory. The airways are patent. No pericardial effusion is present. No pleural effusions. No suspicious pulmonary nodules. No consolidations. No aggressive bone lesions are seen. The heart and vessels are globally enlarged. The lung apices are excluded from the field-of-view.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion in this group of patients. However, there is some evidence that there are a few small but stable lung nodules in the right middle lobe of the right lung. These are stable and do not appear to be aggressive.
The review of trials found that the heart and vessels appear to be normal in size and that there is no evidence of obstruction of the aorta. However, there is a small hernia in the left lower lobe of the esophagus. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Mild coronary and aortic calcifications including valvular leaflets are suspected in the lateral segmental branch of the right lower lobe pulmonary artery. There is a trace right pleural effusion. No pericardial effusion is reported. The airways are patent. No pleural or arterial effusions are reported. No aggressive bone lesions are noted.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Increased subpleural reticulations with associated bronchiectasis in the left upper lobe and lingula: evolving post radiation change from left breast radiotherapy. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Status post left lumpectomy and left axillary node dissection.
This review shows that the right lower lobe lung nodule is stable. Additional scattered sub-4 mm lung nodules are also stable. Mild bronchiectasis with mucous plugging is again noted in the lingula. There is no thoracic lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Severe mixed centrilobular paraseptal emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. Signs of large airway disease including diffuse bronchial wall thickening. There is also a new 5 mm left upper lobe nodule in image 250. Other scattered pulmonary nodules are unchanged compared to study from November 2017. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Calcifications of the aortic valve. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Normal thyroid.
The review of trials found that the left upper lobe of the tracheobronchial tree had a spiculated nodule, which was reduced from 1.6 x 0.7 cm to 1.1 cm in length, and the left lower lobe had a subpleural nodule of 5 and 3 mm in length. Both were reduced from 5.3 mm to 4.85 mm. There was no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The left 10th rib had a stable sclerosis of the left rib. No evidence of pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Mild cardiomegaly. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Aorta is normal in course and caliber. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Stable sclerosis.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that some of the organs of the thoracic spine may have been affected by age-related degenerative changes. However, these findings are based on only a small number of trials. The review also found that the size of the aortic aorta is normal and that the main pulmonary artery measures up to 3.2 cm which is mildly enlarged. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax have been observed. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported. The quality of the evidence is moderate to high.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence to support the use of bronchodilators in people with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. However, there is some evidence that bronchial wall thickening consistent with airways disease may be associated with bronchitis.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery calcifications. Right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This review assesses the effects of surgery to replace the aorta or valve in patients with COPD. The review includes data on lung, airway, heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Trace, nearly imperceptible, residual right hydropneumothorax status post pleural pigtail drainage catheter. Large amount of mucous secretions in the trachea extending into the right lower lobe branches. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Post radiation changes and severe volume loss in the right upper lobe. Nodular pleural thickening in both lobes, as been present since at least 2017. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Subcarinal nodes measure up to 1 cm, mildly enlarged since remote exams of 2017 and present on recent priors. Mild coronary artery calcifications. Main pulmonary artery measures 30 mm. Lower Abdomen: Enteric tube in place. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Prior sternotomy with intact wires. Fluid surrounding the repair, likely postoperative.
The review of trials found that fibrotic lung disease in the lower lobe of the right lower lobe (4/210) of the heart appears to be stable. No new or enlarging lung nodules have been found. No pericardial effusion has been noted. No pleural effusions have been reported. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Mild consolidation of the aortic valve leaflets is also noted. Mild coronary calcifications have been observed. No aggressive bone lesions have been identified. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable prominent mediastinal lymph nodes, for example upright paratracheal 1.1 cm and 1.3 cm subcarinal lymph node, are reported separately. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Stable left lateral chest wall intramuscular lipoma.
In this review, the size of the mass has been compared with that of the pericardium, lung and airways. The mass now measures 4.4 x 1.2 cm, previously 4.2 x 2.3 cm. Central left upper lobe and left inferior lingula nodule have retracted from contact with the left major fissure but maintain continuity with the anterior pleural surfaces. A 1.1 cm left apical nodule is stable (5:66) and a 1.9 cm spiculated groundglass nodule with 7 mm solid component is unchanged (allowing for differences in measurement). Stable right upper lobe 1.6 cm groundglass opacity has resolved. Underlying centrilobular and paraseptal emphysema (bronchial wall thickening) remains inseparable from the mass. Subcarinal adenopathy is similar to prior exam. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Aortic and coronary artery calcifications have not changed. Small left pleural effusion has resolved, similar to previous. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No definite CT correlate for hypermetabolic lesions noted on June 2021 PET/CT. No new sclerotic lesions.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence to support for the use of pacemakers in people with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. However, there is some evidence that they may be useful in the treatment of bronchiectasis (bronchiolitis bronchitis) in the lower lobes of the lungs. There is also evidence that a pacemaker can be placed in the right atrium and the right ventricle of the heart. There are no new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. Scarring at the lung bases. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Status post mitral and tricuspid valve repairs. Ascending aorta measures 38 mm. Main pulmonary artery measures 30 mm. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Partially imaged right renal cyst. Calcified granulomata in the spleen. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Prior sternotomy with intact wires. T8 vertebral body hemangioma.
This is an updated version of a previous version of this review. No new or enlarging lung nodule is identified. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. Multiple prominent lymph nodes remain subcentimeter in short axis, for example a 0.8 cm anterior mediastinal node. The right chest port terminates in the right atrium. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Previously noted right upper lobe nodule is not discerned in the setting. Trace right pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 38 mm. Main pulmonary artery is mildly dilated (33 mm). Severe coronary artery and aortic valve calcifications. Mild calcifications of the aortical arch. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found that lungs/airways/Pleura: Stable atelectasis of the right middle lobe which likely contains primary mass. Small right-sided pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Right hilar adenopathy measures up to 8 mm short axis, previously measured 1.1 cm at this level. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: stable compression deformity of the T12 vertebral body. Stable bony lesions in T10 and T11 vertebral bodies. There is increasing sclerosis and several rib lesions including a right eighth rib lesion which may represent treatment change.
The review of trials found that the thyroid gland (thyroid gland) was not affected by radiotherapy. However, it was affected by the presence of a small amount of scarring and/or atelectasis in the lingula adjacent to the fissure. No new or enlarging thyroid nodules were found. The thyroid gland was also affected by a thinning of the wall of the bronchus (bronchus) in the right breast. Mild bronchial wall thickening. Mild biapical scarring was noted in the left breast. New small right pleural effusion was seen in the upper lobe of the left lung. No pericardial effusion. No thyroid adenopathy was noted. The heart and vessels were affected by enlargement of the heart and vessel wall (mainly due to enlargement in the aortic valve). The left lung was dilated (35 mm) which can be seen with pulmonary hypertension. Aortic calcifications were seen in both the left and right lungs. The left breast had calcified granulomata in the liver. Degenerative changes of the spine and right shoulder were noted.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Partially calcified nodules in the right apex are unchanged compared to the prior study and only slightly increased in size going back to studies from May 2009. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Calcifications throughout the mediastinal and hilar nodal distributions. No noncalcified adenopathy by CT size criteria. Large hiatal hernia containing the majority of the stomach. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Calcific effusions the mitral annulus. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion in this group of patients. However, there is some evidence that there are a number of sub-4 mm lung nodules in the left lower lobe of the thyroid. A subcentimeter right thyroid nodule is stable and a sclerotic lesion in the right lateral fifth rib is stable. A hemangioma is again noted in T10 vertebral body. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion in this group of patients. However, there is some evidence that there may be a small number of sub-4 mm lung nodules in the left upper lobe of the left lung, for example on image 120 of series 4. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen and Pelvis CT report.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. However, there is some evidence that there are a number of sub-4 mm lung nodules in the lower lobe of the left lung. There is also some evidence of calcification of the coronary arteries. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen.
The review of trials found that there are a number of small but stable sub-4 mm lung nodules, including one new nodule in the right upper lobe on image 221 of series 3. Mild bronchial wall thickening is noted. Mild subtle groundglass opacities in the left lower lobe are nonspecific and may be infectious or inflammatory in etiology. There is no thoracic lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen.
The review of trials found that lung and airways were normal in size. There is a 2-3 mm pulmonary nodule in the right lower lobe of the lung on series 4, image 198. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: There is an enlarged right axillary node, measuring 1.0 cm in short axis. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Status post cholecystectomy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules have been found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No pericardial effusion. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that the main pulmonary artery is enlarged up to 3.7 cm which can be seen in the setting of pulmonary hypertension. The main aortic artery has a normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No consolidations. No suspicious pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No pericardial effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Left supraclavicular adenopathy with nodes measuring up to 1.6 cm short axis in series 4 image 53 for example. Normal thyroid. Periaortic soft tissue: No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course andcaliber of the aortas. Upper Abdomen: See recently dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
The review of trials found that tree-in-bud nodular opacities were seen in the left apex, right middle lobe, and right upper lobe, which is also seen on 12/24/2020. Some of these appear larger from; for example right apical nodularity (series 2, image 78). There is a trace right pleural effusion with overlying subsegmental atelectasis. No pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable, noting a hepatic hypodensity is too small to characterize. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. There are post surgical changes of the right breast. In the superior medial right chest, there is a simple appearing fluid collection without peripheral enhancement which measures 10 x 2 cm transversely x 7 cm craniocaudally. Inferiorly, there appears to be nonorganized edema along the chest wall. Mild hyperdensity along the cutaneous surface of the reconstructed right chest could represent evolving blood products, however there is no organized hematoma.
The review of trials found that lung function and airway function were normal. No evidence of obstruction of the lungs or of the airways was found. Severe coronary arterial calcifications and/or stents were noted. Flowing anterior endplate osteophytes without loss of intervertebral disc heights is suggestive of diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis. No aggressive bone lesions were found.
The review of trials found that there is a small amount of evidence for the presence of sub-4 mm lung nodules in the lingula. Mild paraseptal emphysema is noted. There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. For findings below the diaphragms please see a recent Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
There is a large amount of secretions/debris throughout the trachea, left mainstem bronchus, and left lower lobe of the left lung. Mild atelectasis is also noted in the lingula. There is no pleural effusion, pulmonary edema or pneumothorax. Multiple hepatic cysts are noted. No aggressive osseous lesion is identified.
No pulmonary consolidation, pulmonary edema, or pneumothorax is identified. New trace left pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis is noted. No thoracic lymphadenopathy is seen. A small hiatal hernia is noted but no aggressive osseous lesion was seen. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
This review looked at the effects of surgery to repair the aortic aneurysm in the thoracic spine. The review found that there was no evidence of recurrence of this condition. However, there was some evidence of scarring along the right anterolateral pleural space, with some small foci of air along the course of the prior pneumothorax, although there is no definite evidence to suggest abscess. There is a small amount of fluid surrounding the ascending aorta and the major branch vessels, along with a slightly higher density ovoid 1.2 cm structure which may be a small clot (image 19 series 6). There is no evidence that there is any evidence of a need for further surgery for the repair of this narrowing, but there is some evidence that it is likely to be repaired after surgery (per operative report: "The reperfusion branch and the extra branch of the graft were ligated at their origin". They may have the appearance of a pseudoaneurysm on a later CT scan, but these do not represent pseudoanesurysms). There was no difference in the size of the pulmonary artery and its lobar branches. Heart: Symmetrically enlarged, without focal abnormality. No pericardial effusion. Lungs: Interval improvement in the previously seen pulmonary contusions, but some small residual there is a likely scarring (e.g. image 123 series 5 on the right). No visible posttraumatic pneumatoceles. There was a small but not definite improvement in pulmonary opacity in the right supradiaphragmatic region, possibly due to another resolving pulmonary contusion or improving pneumonia. No other fractures within the thorcic spine or thoracoskeletal cage. Spleen: Surgically absent. Pancreas:The body and tail are well-defined and homogeneously enhancing. The pancreatic duct stent has been placed since 10/10/2021. Mild central hepatic biliary ductal dilatation. The CBD is difficult to differentiate from surrounding tissues. The uncinate process appears to enhance normally. Adrenal Glands: Adrenal glands: No focal hepatic abnormality, but the CBD may be difficult to distinguish from surrounding tissue. Lymph nodes: No axillary, hilar, or mediastinal lymphadenopathy. Mediastinum: Post surgical changes are present, including clips and drains. Enteric tubes x2 turbinate with tips in the stomach and proximal jejunum. Median sternotomy wires are intact and aligned.
The review of trials found no evidence of aggressive bone lesions, except for a possible small anterior cortical erosion in the right mandible, although this may also represent prominent mental foramen. No evidence of periodontal abscess in this region. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. There is a sub-2 mm nodule in the left lower lobe (4:297 mm). The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: For findings in the abdomen/pelvis, please see the separate CT report Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions were identified. Partially visualized cervical spine reveals presumably degenerative changes, including endplate sclerosis and vacuum phenomena.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Subcentimeter hypoattenuating hepatic lesions which are too small to characterize on chest CT. Remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
This review assesses the effects of surgery to remove the right lower lobe of the thyroid gland. The thyroid gland is the largest and most prominent organ in the human body and is thought to play a role in the development of cancer. This review examines the role of thyroid nodules in the treatment of cancerous growths in the lungs and other parts of the body. The review of trials found that there are multiple new and enlarging pulmonary nodules, for instance a new lingular nodule (1.1 x 1.1 cm) adjacent to the suture line (5/236) which is stable from prior. There is mild centrilobular emphysema (bronchus) narrowing of the right mainstem bronchus, from adjacent adenopathy. Mild dependent secretions are seen within the proximal trachea. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable enlarged right axillary node, measuring 1.0 cm. No new thoracic lymph nodes, for example 7 mm subaortic lymph node, by size criteria. Here is unchanged 8 mm hypodense nodule within the right thyroid. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. There are moderate coronary calcifications. Calcifications of the aortic valve are demonstrated. Normal course and caliber of the coronary artery are shown. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Ill-defined sclerosis in the mid sternum, correlates with previous FDG avidity in that region. There were multiple hyperdense foci within bilateral breasts, compatible with calcification.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. There is no evidence that the lungs or airways are inflamed or that there is any obstruction of the airways. The pulmonary artery is enlarged, which may be seen in patients with high blood pressure. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema is reported. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The soft tissue nodularity along the mediastinal border in the right middle lobe has decreased compared to the prior study, measuring up to 1.3 cm in series 5 image 314, previously measuring 3.1 cm at this level. Elevation of the right lower lobe nodularity is limited by the effusion in this region. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate bilateral pleural effusions. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Diffuse esophageal wall thickening, similar to prior studies. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorcic spine. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This review of clinical trials found that there is no evidence of lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. However, there is a small hernia in the left upper lobe of the left lung. The patient is status post thyroid surgery. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen.
The review of trials found that there were no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. No aggressive bone lesions. Normal thyroid. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
There is a new small left pleural effusion with a loculation in the left fissure. Adjacent left lower lobe consolidation is likely atelectasis. Paraseptal emphysema is noted. There is a 5.0 x 2.2 cm gas-containing retrosternal fluid collection at the inferior aspect of the sternum. Additional smaller pockets of likely hemorrhagic fluid are noted in the anterior mediastinum. A trace pericardial effusion is present, likely also hemorrhagic. No thoracic lymphadenopathy or aggressive osseous lesion is identified.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. The airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found no evidence of cancer of the lungs, airways, or lymph nodes in the thyroid gland. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was noted. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions were noted. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No hilar or mediastinal lymphadenopathy by size criteria. Nodular densities in the thymic bed, likely representing thyroid gland hyperplasia, are noted. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. The right chest port subcutaneous calcified nodule (5/299) is indeterminant.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence to support the use of angioplasty in people with coronary artery disease. However, there is some evidence that angiography of the lower lobe of the lung may be of benefit.
This review found that the heart is not enlarged. The trachea and central airways are patent and normal in caliber. Focal wedge-shaped opacities in the posterior aspect of the bilateral upper lobes and left lower lobe are unchanged. There is no new pulmonary nodule. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No bony fracture or aggressive osseous lesion is identified. Density within the right renal collecting system is partially visualized but likely excreted gadolinium contrast from the earlier MR abdomen/pelvis. Mucosal and/or luminal hyperdensity is seen in the fourth portion of the duodenum.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that pleural effusions are forming in the right lung of patients with COPD. There is also evidence that the left lung is thickening. No pulmonary edema is seen. No thoracic lymphadenopathy or aggressive osseous lesion is identified.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable scattered lung nodules measuring up to 6 mm in the left lower lobe (4/369) including left upper lobe 4 mm nodule. Curvilinear scarring in the lingula and subsegmental atelectasis in the lower most right upper lobe are redemonstrated. No new thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. Mild diffuse bronchiectasis. The left thyroid lobe is surgically absent. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary and aortic calcifications are again noted. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging lung or airway nodules. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Stable mild dilatation of descending aorta at 4.1 cm. Triple-vessel coronary calcifications and stents. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size and the lungs and airways are stable. There is no evidence of lung or airway obstruction. There are no aggressive bone lesions. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. The great arteries of the heart and vessels are normal in caliber. There were no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries.
The review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal in size. However, thyroid nodules and lymphadenopathy occur in both the upper and lower parts of the thyroid. The thyroid gland itself is unremarkable. No aggressive bone lesions are noted. The heart and vessels appear normal. No pericardial effusion is noted. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Nodularities along the bilateral major fissures, for example 4 mm nodule on the left side and 5 mm on the right side, favored to represent intrafissural lymph nodes. Additionally numerous bilateral scattered lung nodules, representative examples include 5.5 mm right apical nodule (3/133), 3.5 cm upper lobe nodule, 6 mm paramediastinal right upper lobe and left lower lobe paravertebral 5-5 mm subpleural nodule. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Diffuse mediastinal and bilateral hysteric and hilar histopathies, including 1.4 cm, 1.3 cm and 1.2 cm subaortic lymph nodes (in addition to enlarged interlobar lymph nodes bilaterally). The included portion of thyroid gland appears unremarkable, the cardiac chambers appear normal and no aggressive thyroid lesions are observed.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: no new thoracic adenopathy by size criteria including internal mammary and axillary groups. Increased prominence of left axillary lymph nodes, likely secondary to recent Covid 19 vaccine administration in the left deltoid. The thyroid gland is again noted to be mildly enlarged and nodular. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Surgical material in the right breast again noted.
In this review, the heart and lungs were examined. The heart appears normal in size. The lungs and airways appear to be unperturbed. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No pneumonic consolidation or pulmonary edema. No pericardial effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Asymmetrically prominent right breast fibroglandular parenchyma. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Moderate coronary calcifications.
The review of trials found that lung and airway scarring was stable in the upper and lower lobe of the thyroid gland. However, scarring in the left lobe is also stable with adjacent mild traction bronchiectasis (bronchial wall thickening). No pleural effusions were noted. No new thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild calcification of aortic valvular leaflets. No aggressive bone lesions. Again seen compression deformity of the vertebral bodies of T7 and T10 vertebrae. Severe triple-vessel coronary calcification was noted in both the right and left upper lobe. The right IJ hemodialysis catheter terminating in the cavoatrial junction. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable prominent mediastinal lymph nodes, for example 8.5 mm lower right paratracheal lymph node (5/178). No new lymph nodes are noted. The airways are patent. No pneumonic consolidation or pulmonary edema.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. The review now includes two new reviews. The first was published in 2013. The second was published on 11/23/2020. In this updated review, the review authors searched the medical literature and contacted experts to find additional relevant studies. They found no new studies. The original review found that the heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Small hiatal hernia. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. Small bilateral pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No aggressive bone lesions. Postsurgical changes of the right breast are noted. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT of the abdomen and pelvis.
This review assesses the effects of radiotherapy on lung, airways, aorta, heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Moderate centrilobular emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. Signs of large airway disease including diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Scattered pulmonary nodules including a 5 mm groundglass nodule in the left lower lobe in series 4 image 213 are unchanged. No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: Status post cholecystectomy. The remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Moderate centrilobular emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Signs of large airway disease including diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Linear scarring or atelectasis in the lingula and left lower lobe. Normal thyroid. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Main pulmonary artery size is within normal limits. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Tortuous course of the descending aortus. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Multiple healed bilateral rib fractures. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Multiple spinal compression fractures which are similar to the prior study. No aggressive bony lesions.
Lungs/Pleura: No lung masses or suspicious pulmonary nodules. Moderate sized bilateral pleural effusions and adjacent atelectasis. The airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Prominent mediastinal, internal mammary, bilateral axillary and lower deep cervical lymph nodes. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild coronary calcifications Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Heterogeneous density of the bone marrow diffusely seen in the thoracic cage.
The review of trials found that lung function was similar to prior to surgery. However, the left lung is significantly underexpanded compared to prior study. There is a significant decrease in the now trace left-sided pleural effusion. No new abnormal lung nodules have been identified. The thyroid gland is normal size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and the aortic annulus have been observed. There are no new aggressive bony lesions. The right-sided chest port with catheter tip in the SVC is still in place. Bilateral breast implants are in place and the abdominal organs are unremarkable. The left axillary adenopathy measuring up to 1.4 cm short axis is stable. No pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mild bronchiectasis.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. We found no new or enlarging lung nodules. The right thyroid lobe is surgically absent. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Unchanged appearance to widespread lytic and sclerotic metastases involving the thoracic cage. Status post right partial mastectomy and sentinel lymph node biopsy.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging suspicious pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: see separate dictated abdominal MR report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that there may be secretions within the trachea and mainstem bronchi, but overall the findings are favored to represent pneumonia. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. The heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Hepatic steatosis. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that the left lower lobe of the lungs may be affected by pleural emphysema. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild bronchial wall thickening and bronchiectasis are seen. There are no aggressive bone lesions. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size and there is no pericardial effusion. No atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The aorta (a large artery in the heart that carries blood from the heart to the lungs) is normal and the aortic valve is normal. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
In this review, the thyroid gland was examined separately from the other parts of the body. The thyroid gland appears to be normal in size and the aorta and heart chambers appear normal. There is no evidence to support the use of radioactive isotopes for thyroid gland growth. However, there is some evidence to suggest that radioactive iodine may be involved in the growth of some of the thyroid glands.
This review looked at the effects of surgical resection of the right upper lobe of the heart. The review found that the heart and vessels appear normal in size. There is a common origin of the brachiocephalic and left common carotid arteries. The ascending aorta is ectatic, measuring 3.9 cm in diameter. The largest subsolid nodule measuring 1.4 x 0.6 cm in the right lower lobe (series 5, image 240), demonstrates higher attenuation as compared to 12/18/2020. Bilateral lower lobe mosaicism, is compatible with small airway disease/air trapping. The airways are patent. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: There are severe coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Refer to CT abdomen/pelvis obtained same day. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable scattered lung nodules measuring up to 4.5 mm in the right upper lobe (4/116). No new or enlarging lymph nodules. Again seen bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis and linear bands of scarring/atelectasis. No new thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Moderate coronary calcifications and aortic calcifications including valvular leaflets. Stable ectasia of the ascending aorta at 3.8 cm. Again noted central pulmonary artery enlargement to 3.7 cm, may be suggestive of pulmonary arterial hypertension. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Bilateral gynecomastia again noted.
This review of trials found that the heart appears to be normal in size. The blood pool is low relative to the myocardium, suggestive of anemia. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed. No pericardial effusion has been reported. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Left worse than right bilateral peribronchial groundglass and consolidative opacities, compatible with aspiration/infection. Small left pleural effusion. The airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Triple-vessel coronary calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Subacute fracture of the distal body of the sternum with callus formation. Remote healed fracture of right eighth rib.
The review of trials found that lung and airway changes may be seen in people with atypical lung disease. However, these changes are nonspecific and may only be seen when the patient has a lung infection or pulmonary edema. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: New moderate-sized bilateral pleural effusions and adjacent atelectasis. New peribronchial bilateral upper lobe groundglass opacities admixed with intralobular septal thickening may be observed in the setting of abnormal lung function. Redemonstration of upper lobe predominant paraseptal emphysema and diffuse bronchial wall thickening. The airways are patent Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Mildly enlarged mediastinal lymph nodes, for example 1.2 cm lower right paratracheal lymph node (5/319). The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Three-vessel coronary calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Subacute fractures of the right fourth through sixth ribs.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Marked interval improvement in left upper lobe mass, now 4.6 x 3.2 cm (previously 8.5 x 4.7 cm). There is new volume loss and traction bronchiectasis (bronchus) adjacent to the mass. Improvement in left lower lobe tree-in-bud nodules. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Confluent soft tissue opacity surrounds the left hilum, AP window and paratracheal nodes are unchanged. No aggressive bone lesions. Punctate calcification in the right breast. Heart and Vessels: Heart is appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery, aortic valve calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging discrete solid lung nodules. However, there was an increase in the presence of calcified granulomas in the upper lobe of the left lung. This may be due to bronchiolitis. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was reported. Moderate coronary calcifications were seen in the right chest port terminating in the SVC. No aggressive bone lesions were reported. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. The airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. Stable mild dilatation of descending aorta at 4 cm.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusions. Mild aortic valvular calcifications, moderate coronary calcifications and a filling defect within lingular segmental branch (5/228). Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta.
This review looked at the effects of the disease on lung, airways, heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Adherent secretions in the trachea with diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Mild upper lobe predominant centrilobular emphysema. Stable scattered nodules measuring up to 5 mm (see for example right lower lobe 5:279, left lower lobe 235). No new or enlarging nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 39 mm. Coronary artery, aortic valve calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Right greater than left gynecomastia.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: 4 mm right lower lobe pulmonary nodule in series 5 image 249 is unchanged going back to study from January 2020. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorACic spine.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There are extensive secretions in the trachea extending into the right upper lobe and lower lobe bronchi. There is worsening consolidation in the medial left upper lobe, thought to represent pneumonia, although underlying radiation pneumonitis is likely present. Small right pleural effusion, decreased from prior exam. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The aorta is normal in caliber. The pulmonary artery is enlarged, which may be seen in pulmonary hypertension. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Prior cervicothoracic fixation. The T3 spacer has been removed since prior exam dated 10/21/2021. A surgical clip is noted in the left breast.
The review of trials found that there were no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild paraseptal emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. Signs of large airway disease including diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. No consolidations. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Normal thyroid. Small hiatal hernia. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size. There is a small hernia in the right lower lobe of the thyroid gland. There are no aggressive bone lesions. The airways are patent. No pericardial effusion is seen. No pleural effusion has been reported. There was no evidence of an increase in the number of lymph nodes in the thoracic area of the neck. There were no major problems with the lungs or the airways. However, there was a marked narrowing of the pulmonary artery, measuring 4.0 cm, which may be seen in patients with high blood pressure. The heart and vessels are normal.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities in the thyroid gland. The thyroid gland appears to be normal in size. No pericardial effusion or pneumothorax has been reported. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed. The heart and vessels appear normal. The aortic artery appears to have the normal course and caliber of the aorta.
The review of trials found that lung function was stable in the right lower lobe of the thoracic spine and that there was no evidence of pleural effusion in the left lung. However, there was some evidence of narrowing of the right lung which may be related to chronic effusions. The nodular consolidation in the lingula seen on the prior study from March 2020 has resolved however there is a new focus in the lower lobe in series 4 image 299. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Dilatations of the mitral annulus. The thyroid gland is normal size. No pericardial effusion. No pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No evidence of adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aortas and pulmonary arteries. Pulmonary artery was normal size and there were no aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Post surgical changes of the stomach consistent with prior splenectomy. Remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that the lower lobe of the lungs may be affected by bronchiectasis, bronchial wall thickening and multiple foci of mucoid impaction with scattered centrilobular nodules throughout the lungs compatible with small and large airways disease. Peripheral consolidation in the right upper and right lower lobes is slightly decreased. Multiple new groundglass opacities predominantly involving the upper lobes may be infectious or inflammatory in etiology. Mild secretions within the trachea. Additional scattered nodules measuring up to 4 mm are unchanged, for example in the left lower lobe on series 5, image 365.. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Moderate hiatal hernia. The visualized thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Stable T9 superior endplate compression deformity.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Stable 4 mm right lower lobe micronodule (5:254). No new or enlarging nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Atrophic thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 36 mm. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Improved postsurgical changes in the left axilla with decreased irregular soft tissue opacity since prior exam.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: New small right pleural effusion from prior. No new or enlarging lung nodules. Again noted right tracheal bronchus. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Interval decreased size of previously prominent mediastinal lymph nodes, for example 5 mm subaortic lymph node (4/180), previously measured 8.5 mm). No new thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. The blood pool is hypodense relative to myocardium, suggestive of anemia. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal in size. There is a small but persistent thyroid nodule in the left lower lobe of the tracheobronchial tree, which has been there for several years. This may be due to the presence of the thyroid hormone thyroid stimulating factor (thyroid-stimulating factor (TSF). There is an increased thyroid nodularity within the area of postradiation change in the central right upper lobe measuring approximately 2 cm in size, raising concern for recurrent disease. Long-term follow-up is recommended. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: There is no evidence of pneumonia or heart and edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Mildly enlarged right paratracheal lymph node measures 11 mm and treated axis, increased from 6 mm on prior exam. No aggressive bone lesions are noted. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive disease of the soft tissues is noted. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. Punctate aortic valvular calcification was noted. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable.
The review of trials found that lung function was similar to prior to surgery. Lungs/airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Interval decrease in right pleural effusion with small amount of pleural fluid remaining. Mild interval decrease in nodularity along the right major fissure, now up to 1.9 cm, previously up to 2.2 cm (4:239). Left Pleurx catheter remains in place in similar position with tip at the left base. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or lymph nodes. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable 6 mm right pericardiophrenic node. Stable subcentimeter mediastinal nodes. No more or less enlarging nodes. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Small hiatus hernia. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Multiple bilateral rib fractures, some with increased sclerosis indicating healing. Please see concurrent bone scan. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Known left breast malignancy with overlying skin thickening. Diffuse osseous metastatic disease.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
Lungs/Pleura: The central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by CT size criteria. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. Minimal punctate aortic calcifications are noted. Upper Abdomen: High density material in the gallbladder likely represents vicarious excretion of contrast from recent cardiac catheterization. Hypodensity in the right hepatic lobe (series 3, image 330), too small to characterize. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Healed right-sided rib fractures.
The review of trials found that thyroid scarring in the left upper lobe and superior segment of the left lower lobe was likely related to prior granulomatous disease. No new or enlarging nodules or suspicious densities were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. No pericardial effusion was reported. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. The thyroid is heterogeneous.
The review of trials found that the thyroid gland is unremarkable. However, the right lower lobe lesion is enlarged from 13 mm and 2020 and 9 mm in 2019. Multiple additional sub-6 mm groundglass and solid nodules are unchanged, for example in the right upper lobe and left lower lobe. No pleural effusion is noted. The esophagus is patulous and contains intraluminal debris. Heart and Vessels: Mild cardiomegaly with biatrial enlargement. Moderate coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Similar nodular thickening of the left adrenal gland. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta.
The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There is no evidence of interstitial lung disease. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Postsurgical changes of the left breast.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Severe airway disease including bronchial wall thickening, bronchiectasis, and mucoid impaction with tree-in-bud opacities and peribronchial consolidations. Overall these findings have worsened compared to study from July 2021. Mosaic attenuation of the lung bases which likely represent air trapping. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Calcifications in the right hilar and subcarinal distributions. Nodular thyroid with subcentimeter thyroid nodules. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: The cystic mass in the mid upper abdomen is partially visualized and appears similar to prior studies.
This review assesses the effects of thyroidectomy on the size of thyroid nodules in the upper and lower lobes of the thoracic region of the neck. The thyroid nodule in the right thyroid gland is stable, as is the thyroid gland in the left thyroid gland, and the thyroid in the middle of the lower lobe. These two nodules are not significantly changed in size, including a 9 mm left upper lobe and a 1.9 cm left lower lobe nodule. Additional sub-6 mm nodules, for example a 5 mm nodule on the right lower lobe, are stable. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion is noted. No pericardial effusion. Mild coronary artery calcifications remain too small to characterize. Simple left renal cyst. No aggressive bone lesions are noted. Degenerative changes of the spine are not noted. The heart is normal in size. The ascending aorta measures 3.4 cm.
The review of trials found that lung function was normal in the majority of patients. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Severe emphysema. Multilobar mild bronchiectasis. Further interval decrease in right upper lobe bandlike opacities consistent with healing. New 1.2 cm opacity in the left upper lobe (5:263). Scarring in the right middle lobe. Tubular branching Opacities in both the right lower lobe and left lower lobe, probably related to mucoid impaction and airways disease. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Moderate-sized hiatus hernia. Fluid is noted in a distended esophagus to the level of the inlet. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Aortic, aortic valve and coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Prior cholecystectomy. Prior partial gastrectomy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Left chest wall cardiac event monitor.
The review of trials found that there are a few peripheral tree-in-bud nodules that are suggestive of chronic small airways disease. There is a new 5 mm right lower lobe nodule as well as an enlarging 8 mm left fissural nodule (series 5, image 237). The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion or consolidation. The heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Mild coronary artery. There are mild aortic valvular calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Remote left posterior rib fractures.
The review of trials found that the thyroid gland is unremarkable, the heart is normal in size, and the arteries and vessels are normal. There are no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or consolidation. There is no pericardial effusion. The great arteries are normal in caliber. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. The thyroid gland does not appear to be affected.
The review of trials found that there were no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules or pleural effusion or pneumothorax. However, there was a small increase in the size of the right lower paratracheal nodes and the right hilar nodes in the thoracic aorta. There was no change in the number of patients with cancer of the thyroid gland. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The heart and vessels were normal size. No pericardial effusion. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas were seen in the heart and vessel. There were no changes in the amount of blood in the lungs or in the airways.
In this review, the size of the nodule in the right middle lobe of the chest was compared with July and April 2021 exams. It now measures up to 4 mm with small amount of surrounding groundglass opacity. The solid component seen on mediastinal windows of April 2021 exam has resolved. No new or enlarging nodules were seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax were reported. No pericardial effusion was reported. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 39 mm. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Stable sclerosis of T11 vertebral body. Increased sclerosis at T6 and T10 posterior elements. Please see separately dictated bone scan. Status post left lumpectomy and left axillary dissection.
The review of trials found no evidence of adenopathy of the thyroid gland. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart and vessels of the heart appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No lymph nodes have been found to be affected. No aggressive bone lesions. Anchor suture in the right humeral head, status post rotator cuff repair. Postsurgical changes of bilateral mastectomies and flap reconstruction.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No consolidations. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: see separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Nodular thyroid with subcentimeter thyroid nodules which have previously been evaluated with thyroid ultrasound. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Pulmonary artery is normal size. No pericardial effusion. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thyroid adenopathy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that pleural scarring in the lower lobe of the thyroid gland may be the focus of the scarring. However, there is no evidence of pleural effusion or pericardial effusion. No aggressive bone lesions have been found in the thoracic spine. The heart is normal in size. The ascending aorta measures 3.5 cm. The central airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No signs of adenopathy. Stable subcentimeter hypodense nodule in the right lobe of thyroid gland. Heart and Vessels: No abnormalities in the heart and vessels. No evidence of an obstruction of the airways. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. The review now includes two new reviews. The original review was first published in 2011. This update was updated in 2013.
This review assesses the effects of radiotherapy on lung, airway, heart and vessels. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: The central tracheobronchial tree is patent. There is no pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The previously noted new left lower lobe nodule has resolved. Reticulation in the anterior upper lobes is likely related to prior radiation. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodule. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. There are no atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. The great vessels are normal in caliber. The aortic arteries are mildly calcified. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for CT of the abdomen and pelvis. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Status post bilateral mastectomy and right anterior chest wall resection with prostheses in place. No aggressive bone lesions. Please correlate with nuclear medicine bone scan performed on the same day.
The review of trials found that lung and airway scarring was mostly confined to the left upper lobe of the lung and the right upper lobe. No new pulmonary nodules were identified. The heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion was observed. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild coronary artery calcifications were observed. No aggressive bone lesions were found.
The review of trials found that the right lower lobe of the thoracic spine was at least as good as the right middle lobe and the right upper lobe was near complete atelectasis. The right lower paratracheal adenopathy was new compared with the abdominal CT from March 2021. The left lower lobe had a new pulmonary nodule measuring up to 1.1 cm short axis in series 4 image 341 which is unchanged compared to the study from January 2017. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Normal thyroid. Upper Abdomen: Status post cholecystectomy. The remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thorcic spine.
The review of trials found that some of these nodules including the right upper lobe groundglass nodule and an elongated nodule along the pleura in the left upper lobe are unchanged compared to the prior study from December 2020. Some of the other nodules are slightly increased in size going back to study from October 2016. No new pulmonary nodules have been identified. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax have been reported. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Nodular thyroid including a 2.4 cm left-sided thyroid nodule which is unchanged when compared to recent studies. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Hepatic cyst. Remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found that there were no new or enlarging thyroid nodules or lymph nodes. However, there were a few clusters of tree-in-bud nodules, especially in the upper lobes, which have been stable since at least 2015 consistent with benign etiology (4:294). Stable micronodule to the right lower lobe has been in place since 2016. There was no evidence that the thyroid was affected by cancer. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. The aorta of the heart is 40 mm in diameter and the aortic and mitral valvular apparatus calcification has been observed. Bilateral renal hypodensities too small to characterize.
This is an update of a previous version of this review. The original version was published in 2010.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that some parts of the chest and upper abdomen may have been affected by emphysema, but there is no evidence that this is a serious problem. The heart size is normal. The spleen is diffusely hyperattenuating, suggestive of iron deposition. Bones and soft tissue: There is fusion of the proximal aspects of the posterior ribs at T4 and T5. No aggressive osseous lesion is identified.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence to support the use of bronchiectasis in the lower lobes of the chest. However, there is some evidence that it is possible that it may be associated with lung cancer. The review also found that the heart size is normal. There was no evidence that there was any evidence of lymphadenopathy.
The review of trials found that there is a moderate right pleural effusion with adjacent compressive atelectasis and pleural-parenchymal fibrotic changes. The central airways are patent. There is no pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Prominent 1.6 cm subcarinal lymph node is increased since prior examination. Additional subcentimeter mediastinal lymph nodes appear more prominent since prior, for instance a 0.9 cm paratracheal lymph node (image 186). Heart and Vessels: Dual-chamber pacemaker is noted. The heart appears qualitatively enlarged in size. Coronary artery and aortic vascular calcifications are seen. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Upper Abdomen: The visualized upper abdomen is unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Intra-articular loose bodies noted within the left shoulder joint. Soft tissue stranding and small skin thickening is noted in the right axilla, a subpectoral lymph nodes is also seen. A 1.7 cm nodule lower focus is seen adjacent to the right pectoralis muscle (series 3 image 134).
This review found that left chest tubes have been removed. There is continued interval decrease in size in attenuation of left pleural effusion, compatible with expected evolution. Foci of air in the left intercostal spaces are related to previous chest tube tract (images 215 and 235, series 4), likely related to Airspace consolidation in the lingula and left lower lobe has decreased. There was also interval decrease of right lower lobe airspace consolidation. A calcified granuloma in the right upper lobe is again noted. No aggressive osseous lesion is identified. Bones and soft tissue: old right anterior rib fractures have not changed. The heart size is stably enlarged. Trace pericardial effusion is unchanged.
This review of trials found that lung and airway nodules are stable and that there is no evidence of adenopathy of the lungs or of the airways. However, there is some evidence of calcification of the heart and vessels. There is a small hernia in the hernia. There are no signs of pericardial effusion, but there is a chronic small left pleural effusion. Lingular tree-in-bud nodules and granulomas are again seen, and are likely inflammatory in nature. A stable expansile lesion involves the right lateral fifth rib. A right sternalis muscle is seen. The right shoulder muscle stranding overlying the right shoulder is partially visualized. Cholelithiasis is seen throughout the visualized thoracic spine, sternum, and bilateral ribs. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Again seen are extensive lytic lesions.
This review looked at the effects of surgical resection of the left upper lobe of the chest wall of the heart to remove the aortic valve. The review found that there was some evidence of a new adenopathy in the right upper lobe. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. The central airways are patent. No pleural effusion was noted. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. Postoperative changes in the left lateral chest wall were observed.
The review of trials found that the lungs are clear. There are small pleural effusions, right greater than left, with dependent atelectasis of the left lower lobe. Small amount of pleural fluid also tracks along the right major fissure. There is no axillary, mediastinal or hilar lymphadenopathy. The heart size is normal. Upper abdomen: Concurrent examination of the abdomen and pelvis is dictated under a separate accession number. Bones and soft tissue: No aggressive osseous lesion is identified.
The review of trials found that lung and airway nodules have slightly decreased in size, for example a 5 mm right lower lobe nodule (series 4, image 263) previously measured 7 mm and 5 mm left upper lobe nodules previously measured 5 mm. No new nodules identified. Mild diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Mild secretions within the trachea. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema. Heart and Vessels: A right-sided chest port terminates in the SVC. The heart chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen. No aggressive bone lesions. Similar T12 vertebral body superior endplate deformity. Old ninth right posterior rib fracture.
This review found that there is no evidence of an increase in the amount of lymphadenopathy in the diaphragm. However, there is some evidence of a decrease in the size of the nodules in the perihilar and paratracheal lymph nodes.
No suspicious pulmonary nodule is identified. Several tiny lung nodules are stable, for example a 2 mm nodule in the right upper lobe (image 99, series 4). There is no thoracic lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
This is an update of the original review published in 2010. The review now includes two new reviews, published on 8/25/2021 and 10/10/2022, and shows that there is no new or enlarging pulmonary nodule or pleural effusion. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. There is a left-sided biventricular ICD in place, with leads terminating in the right atrial appendage, right ventricular free wall, and a tributary vein of the coronary sinus. There are coronary artery stents in place. The great vessels are normal in caliber. No aggressive bone lesions. Degenerative changes of the spine. No pneumonia or pulmonary edema.
There are multiple calcified lung nodules consistent with granulomas. Moderate upper lobe predominant emphysema is present. Scarring is noted in the upper lobes. No thoracic lymphadenopathy or effusion is seen. No aggressive osseous lesion is identified.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence of lung disease. The heart is normal in size. There is no pericardial effusion. There are coronary artery stents in place. The great vessels are normal in caliber. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable.
This review assesses the effects of radiotherapy on the heart, lungs, airways, and soft tissues of patients with breast cancer. The review found that the heart appears normal in size. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. No thoracic adenopathy was noted. Mild sclerosis is noted compatible with healing. Healed right-sided rib fractures are still evident.
No suspicious pulmonary nodule is identified. Clusters of tiny lung nodules at the right lung base are likely infectious/inflammatory in etiology. There is no thoracic lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
No suspicious pulmonary nodule is identified. A 4 mm groundglass nodule in the right upper lobe is nonspecific and may be infectious/inflammatory in etiology (image 92, series 4). There is no thoracic lymphadenopathy or pleural effusion. There are bilateral thyroid nodules measuring up to 1.4 cm on the right. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen/Pelvis CT report.
The review of trials found that there is no new evidence of lung cancer in this group of patients. There is some evidence that the left upper lobe of the right upper lobe is still filled with a spiculated (spiculated) lung nodule. There are no new pulmonary nodules. The heart size is normal, and the pericardial effusion is not seen. The upper abdomen is unremarkable. No aggressive osseous lesion has been identified. Bones and soft tissue: No aggressive oesophageal lesions have been identified, and no evidence of lymphadenopathy has been found.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Bilateral groundglass and consolidative opacities, compatible with multilobar Covid 19 pneumonia. Background of emphysema is noted. No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Prominent subaortic 1.2 cm lymph node (5/233) is likely reactive to infection. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Small hiatal hernia, noted. Mild aortic calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mild asymmetric left gynecomastia. Loop recorder embedded in the left anterior chest wall.
The review of trials found that there are a number of sub-5 mm lung nodules, mainly in the right middle lobe of the lung, but also in the left middle lobe. There are also a few small pleural effusions. The heart is enlarged. The thyroid gland with multiple nodules is again seen. Again seen are multiple old spinal compression fractures and rib fractures. No thoracic lymphadenopathy has been identified.
The review of trials found that there is a decreased right pleural effusion, partially loculated. There is also a decrease in the number of patients with extensive pleural metastatic disease throughout the right lung. However, it appears to be limited due to partial lung reexpansion. Mediastinal lymphadenopathy has improved. Previously seen destructive lesions in the right anterior ribs are now more sclerotic. For findings below the diaphragms please see a separate Abdomen and Pelvis CT report.
There are stable changes of right upper lobectomy. Mild emphysema is noted. There is no pleural effusion. Mild mediastinal lymphadenopathy is stable, for example a 1.3 cm subcarinal node (image 194, series 3). The liver is fatty. No aggressive osseous lesion is seen.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size and the lungs and airways are normal in shape. There is no evidence of obstruction of the lungs or the airways. There are minimal atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and the great vessels. The visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Bilateral breast augmentation has not been performed. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed.
In this review, the size of the nodules was compared to the prior study. A 1 cm left upper lobe nodule in series 5 image 103 is increased from 8 mm on prior study to 1.9 cm in the right lower lobe in image 218. Thickening along the fissure in the left lung is unchanged. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Enlarged heterogeneous thyroid which was previously evaluated on thyroid ultrasound. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Sclerotic bony metastatic disease is similar distribution compared to prior study.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No new pleural effusion or pneumothorax were found. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Scattered lung nodules including a 9 mm right upper lobe groundglass nodule in series 5 image 156 are unchanged. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Central airways are clear. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal thyroid. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Lucent lesion in the right fourth rib is stable compared to the prior study and remains indeterminate. Intramuscular lipomas in the left shoulder left back, a benign finding.
The review of trials found that lung function is normal and pleural effusions have resolved. No new or enlarging nodules have been observed. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported. Heart and Vessels: The heart chambers appear normal in size. Mild coronary artery and aortic calcifications have not been found. No pericardial effusion has been noted. The right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was observed. No aggressive bone lesions were observed. There is an elongated nodule along the major fissure on the right in image 260 and on the left in image 204 which likely represents an intrapulmonary lymph node. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Mild centrilobular emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. Signs of large airway disease including diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Patchy groundglass in the lung apices including nodules measuring up to 6 mm in left upper lobe in image 97 are unchanged. The 9 mm right lower lobe pulmonary nodule in series 4 image 361 is unchanged. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Soft tissue in the right hilum is unchanged compared to prior studies. Nodular thyroid with subcentimeter thyroid nodules: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
This review of the literature found that lung and airway calcifications and calcifications of the mitral annulus were unchanged. The heart chambers appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heterogeneous thyroid. Patulous esophagus. Heart and Vessels: A right-sided chest port terminates in the SVC. No aggressive osseous lesion. Moderate coronary artery atherosclerotic calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Stable T4 compression fracture. Coarse calcifications in both breasts.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Interval decreased size of the majority of bilateral lung nodules including the largest inferior lingular paracardiac nodule (5/307), previously measured 2.8 x 1.8 cm. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new or enlarging thoracic adenopathy. Stable1.2 cm low-density nodule in the right thyroid lobe. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Moderate centrilobular and paraseptal emphysematous changes with an upper lobe predominance. Signs of large airway disease including diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Patchy dependent opacities described on the prior study have resolved. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Calcific effusions throughout the supraclavicular, mediastinal, and hilar, and para-aortic distributions. No noncalcified adenopathy by CT size criteria. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The heart appears normal in size. Moderate coronary calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Findings below the diaphragm are better delineated on 9/9/2021 CT scan of the abdomen. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Aortic calcifications including valvular leaflets. No aggressive bone lesions. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new and enlarging thoracic adenopathy. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm.
This review looked at the effects of radiotherapy on lung, airways and perihilar region. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Evolving post radiation changes in the right upper lobe of the lung and the left upper lobe. Superior segment right lower lobe paravertebral mass now measures 3.9 x 3.1 cm (4:82; previous exam 5:92; not present in April 2021). No pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Small thrombus noted in the distal right internal jugular vein again noted. The right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria including internal mammary and axillary groups. Heart and Vessels: the cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Stable left upper lobe mild fibrotic changes, status post radiotherapy to the left breast. Postsurgical changes of bilateral mastectomy and breast implants.
The findings of this review are based on a comprehensive search of the medical literature. The review found that lung and airway obstruction, pulmonary edema as well as focal parenchymal opacities and consolidation in both lower lobes likely represent a combination of congestive heart failure/fluid overload superimposed to pneumonia. The heart appears normal in size. Moderate coronary artery calcification burden Upper Abdomen: Findings in the abdomen reported separately by the body imaging section. Nasogastric tube in the stomach Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: An increase in size of right paratracheal nodes likely reactive secondary to the pneumonia. Normal course and caliber of the aorta.
The review of trials found that there was no evidence of a difference between the two groups of patients in terms of lung function. However, there was a significant decrease in the amount of fluid in the left lung and in the aorta (pulmonary arterial hypertension) in the lower lobe of the right lung. There was some evidence of an enlargement of the central pulmonary artery at 4.2 cm, suggestive of high blood pressure. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The kidneys are atrophic. No aggressive bone lesions are noted. The airways are patent. No pericardial effusion.
The review of trials found that the left upper lobe of the thoracic spine continued to grow in size. There is a new 4 mm left lower lobe pulmonary nodule in the anterior mediastinum. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The heart and vessels were normal size. The right-sided chest port with catheter tip in the SVC was found to be in the same position as the diaphragm. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta were not found. No adverse events were reported.
The review of trials found that the thyroid gland is normal in size. However, thyroid nodules have been found to be larger in the right upper lobe and left upper lobe. These nodules may be related to chronic inflammatory process. The thyroid gland itself is unremarkable. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No pleural effusions. The airways are patent. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable subcentimeter mediastinal lymph nodes, not enlarged by size criteria, for example 1 cm lower right paratracheal lymph node (4/138). Thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Moderate coronary calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size and that the lungs and airways are patent. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Moderate atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries may reflect atelectasis. No pericardial effusion has been reported. No aggressive bone lesions have been reported in the abdomen. Spinal fixation hardware partially visualized.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Diffuse groundglass attenuation of the lungs, likely secondary to expiratory phase acquisition. New patchy groundglass opacities in the right upper lobe (5/117), likely inflammatory in nature. No new or enlarging lung nodules. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria. Stable thyroid nodularities, some partially calcified. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mild bilateral gynecomastia. Loop recorder embedded in the subcutaneous tissue of the anterior left chest wall.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. No significant air trapping on expiratory series. No pleural effusions. No pericardial effusion. Stable enlargement of central pulmonary artery to 3.3 cm, may suggest pulmonary arterial hypertension. Triple-vessel coronary calcification and stents. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. The airways are patent. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable.
The review of trials found that: Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Secretions in the carina with diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Severe upper lobe predominant emphysema. Post radiation changes in the right lung apex and right upper lobe. Interval resolution of bilateral pleural effusions. Trace right apical pneumothorax remains. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Status post esophagectomy with gastric pull-through. No extraluminal leak of contrast noted (please see separately dictated concurrent esophagram). The previously noted defect in the left lateral esophageal wall (prior exam 5:67) is still present but decreased in size adjacent to a region of increased scarring. The pocket of air adjacent to the right lateral wall of the esophagus seen on prior exam (5:129) has nearly resolved. Aortic and coronary artery calcifications are present. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 40 mm.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: No new or enlarging lung nodules. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Stable left adrenal myolipoma. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Stable 2.6 x 1.3 cm right-sided chest port intramuscular lipoma.
This review of trials found no evidence of fibrotic interstitial lung disease, including lower lobe predominant reticulations, architectural distortion and bronchiectasis. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. The main pulmonary artery is enlarged measuring 3.7 cm suggestive of pulmonary hypertension. Mild coronary artery calcifications are likely to be due to prior parathyroidectomy. No honeycombing appreciated. Mild diffuse esophageal wall thickening which can be seen in the setting of GERD. Portions of the esophagus are patulous. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. The central airways are patent. No consolidation or pleural effusion. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Multiple prominent subcentimeter mediastinal lymph nodes are likely reactive. No aggressive bone lesions. Surgical clips in the right neck are likely related to prior thyroidectomy.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging thoracic adenopathy including internal mammary and axillary groups. Stable scattered bilateral lung nodularities since January 2020. Again seen right lower lobe linear and subsegmental atelectasis. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. No pericardial effusion. The airways are patent. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Stable spread of lymph nodes. Post vertebroplasty changes. Postsurgical changes of bilateral mastectomy and flap reconstruction. Please refer to concurrent nuclear imaging report.
The review of trials found that there was no evidence of any new or enlarging of nodules along the right major fissure (4:204) and 3 mm right lower lobe nodule. However, there was a decrease in the burden of pulmonary embolism in the lobe branches extending into segmental branches and in a left upper lobe segmental branch. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax was noted. No aggressive bone lesions were noted. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. No pericardial effusion was observed. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Right chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the SVC. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately.
The review of trials found that there was no new pneumothorax after radiotherapy to the neck. However, there was a decrease in the amount of fluid in the right apical pleural drainage catheter (4/353) and a change in the shape of the aortic aneurysm (1/353). No new pneumonic consolidation was observed. No lung masses or suspicious pulmonary nodules within the aerated parts of the lungs were found. The airways are patent. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy by size criteria.
No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules were found. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pericardial effusion. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aortas were not seen. Upper Abdomen: Calcified granulomas in the spleen. Remaining visualized abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the spine. Post surgical changes in the anterior chest wall with no residual soft tissue.
The review of trials found that tree-in-bud nodularities in the right upper lobe and lower lobes with new patches of ill-defined groundglass opacities, for example on image 187 of series 4 and image 339, likely inflammatory in nature, are persistent. Stable scattered lung nodules measuring up to 5 mm adjacent to right major fissures (4/357) are noted. No new or enlarging lymph nodes are seen. No pericardial effusion. The heart and vessels appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild coronary and aortic calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found that the thyroid gland is enlarged and heterogeneous. The heart appears normal in size. Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Secretions in the trachea and at the level of the carina. Diffuse bronchial wall thickening related to airways disease. Foci of distal mucoid impaction are noted (for example right upper lobe 3:228). Upper lobe predominant centrilobular emphysema and increased subpleural reticulations in the left lower lobe. Stable 3 mm right middle lobe nodule (3:273). No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Small hiatus hernia. Visualized thyroid is enlarged. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild coronary artery and aortic valve calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Cholelithiasis. Partially imaged cyst in the right kidney. Left hepatic lobe cyst. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Scoliosis and multilevel degenerative changes of the spine.
The review of trials found that the overall size and distribution of numerous bilateral predominantly groundglass nodules is not significantly changed. Findings have been present since at least 2016. No definite new nodules identified. The heart is normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Mild coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Mild bilateral gynecomastia. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. The central airways are patent. Diffuse bronchial wall thickening.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura : right mainstem intubation. Secretions in the left mainstem bronchus. Subsegmental atelectasis at the right lung base. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Enteric tube terminates in the stomach. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Stable scattered lung nodules measuring up to 4 mm in the right lower lobe (4/280). No new or enlarging lymph nodules. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new and enlarging thoracic adenopathy. Unremarkable thyroid gland. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Right chest port terminating in the distal SVC. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This review looked at the effects of chronic interstitial lung disease on the lungs, airways, heart and vessels. The review found that the lungs were normal in size and the airways and vessels were stable. There was no evidence of obstruction of the pleura (pneumothorax) or of an excess of air in the lungs. There were no signs of pericardial effusion. No aggressive bone lesions were found, but there was some evidence of a hernia in the herniated aorta. There is no evidence that there is any evidence of damage to the lymph nodes or to the blood vessels.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence of inflammation of the lungs and airways, but no evidence of obstruction of the airways. There is also some evidence that the heart and vessels are normal in size. There are mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries. No aggressive bone lesions have been found. There were no reports of pericardial effusion. Mild groundglass changes in the peripheral right lung base is suggestive of inflammatory process, unchanged compared to multiple prior X-rays. No pneumothorax has been observed. The anterior nodule in the right upper lobe (series 4, image 148), measuring 2.1 x 1.4 cm, is increasing in size over several recent CT scans. The others are unchanged. Flowing anterior osteophytes are consistent with diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Prior right lower lobe wedge resection with stable postoperative changes. Upper lobe predominant centrilobular emphysema. Increased subpleural reticulations which may represent smoking-related interstitial lung disease. Lipomatous hypertrophy of the interatrial septum. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery and aortic calcifications. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Coarse calcifications and/or biopsy clips in the right breast. Interval decrease in subcutaneous soft tissue nodule in the posterolateral left chest wall.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Central airways are clear. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: Right hilar adenopathy measuring up to 1.6 cm short axis, slightly increased in size from 1.37 m on the prior study. Other mediastinal lymph nodes are unchanged. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Severe atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Left-sided pacer device with leads in the right atrium and right ventricle. Upper Abdomen: See separate dictated abdominal CT report for findings below the level of the diaphragm. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Status post right upper lobectomy. Remainder of the central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Decreased right pleural effusion, now trace. Underlying emphysema. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The heart is normal in size. Ascending aorta measures 36 mm. Moderate coronary artery atherosclerotic calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Colonic diverticulosis. Stable sclerotic focus in the T5 vertebral body and L1 superior endplate compression deformity. Unchanged sebaceous cyst in the right posterior chest wall. Mild bilateral gynecomastia.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Secretions in the trachea and diffuse bronchial wall thickening. Moderate upper lobe predominant centrilobular and paraseptal emphysema. Lower lobe predominant mild bronchiectasis. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is heterogeneous. Common origin of the right brachiocephalic and left common carotid arteries from the aortic arch (normal variant). Upper Abdomen: Hypodensities in the liver measuring above simple fluid, previously characterized as hemangiomata. Coarse calcification in the right breast. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of aorta.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is heterogeneous. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. No pericardial effusion.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: 1.5 cm right upper lobe groundglass nodule in series 2 image 20 is unchanged compared to the most recent study from November 2020 and is stable going back to the lung cancer screening from October 2019. The left upper lobe (17.4 x 0.7 cm in image 17 is also unchanged. Other smaller Groundglass nodules including in the right middle lobe in image 30 are unchanged. No new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. Central airways are clear. Normal thyroid. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the coronary arteries and aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Status post cholecystectomy. Stable nodularity of the bilateral adrenal glands. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging lung nodules. Mucous secretions in the proximal trachea. No pleural effusions. Mild coronary and aortic calcifications. No aggressive bone lesions. Heart and Vessels: The heart appears normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Stable low-density lesion in the right hepatic lobe, likely a cyst and 1.3 cm right adrenal nodule. Stable moderate-sized hiatal hernia and thyroid nodularities. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bones lesions.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence to suggest that there may be some evidence for the presence of granulomata in the upper and lower lobes of the bronchiectasis. However, there is not enough evidence to be certain of this. There is also some evidence that there are some abnormalities in the thyroid gland, but the evidence is not strong enough to draw any firm conclusions.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The heart appears normal in size. No pericardial effusion. Aortic, aortic valve and coronary artery calcifications. No aggressive bone lesions. Mild bilateral gynecomastia.
The review of trials found that the right pleural effusion has slightly increased with interval increased compression atelectasis in the right base. Stable size of right apical cavitary lesion measuring 8.5 x 4 x 3.7 cm (TR, CC and AP diameters respectively), communicating with apical bronchus of the right upper lobe (image 146 of series 603). Again seen diffuse bronchiectasis and bilateral peripherally distributed fibrotic like arcades, likely sequela of prior Covid 19 pneumonia. The airways are patent. No pericardial effusion. The central pulmonary artery is upper normal, may be suggestive of pulmonary arterial hypertension. Mild coronary calcifications again noted. Upper Abdomen: Nodular surface of the liver, suggestive of chronic parenchymal liver disease. Status post splenectomy. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Dextroscoliosis.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheal bronchial tree is patent. No significant change in size of the nodules. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Heart is normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Coronary artery calcifications. Left chest wall therapy port tip terminates in the distal SVC. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
The review of trials found that lung and airway disease was more common in the upper lobe of the lung than in the lower lobe. This is likely due to the presence of bronchiolitis (inflammation of the bronchus). Lungs/airways/Pleura: No pleural effusions were noted. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No new thoracic adenopathy. Anterior mediastinal 9 and 8 mm short axis nodules (3/181) are unchanged over multiple priors dating back to June 2017, may represent thymic remnant. The included portion of thyroid gland is unremarkable. Heart and Vessels: The cardiac chambers appear normal in size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Upper Abdomen: Unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Remote healed bilateral rib fractures. Mild gynecomastia is again noted.
This review found no new or enlarging nodules. A 1 cm nodule described as new on the prior study in the right lower lobe has resolved. Other nodules including the nodule adjacent to the cyst in the left upper lobe in series 4 image 142 which corresponds to the treated lesion, 6 mm right apical nodule image 153 and the smaller nodules in the base of the left base including a 4 mm nodule in image 383 are unchanged. The right hilar node measuring up to 1.2 cm short axis is unchanged. No new adenopathy. Heart and Vessels: Normal cardiac size. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Pulmonary artery is normal size. Upper Abdomen: Visualized portion of the abdominal organs are unremarkable. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions. Routine age-related degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Status post right upper lobectomy. Unchanged tree-in-bud nodules in the right lower lobe. No new or enlarging nodules. Mosaic attenuation of the lung parenchyma which may be related to air trapping/small airways disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. Visualized thyroid is unremarkable. Lipomatous hypertrophy of the interatrial septum. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Main pulmonary artery measures 34 mm. Coronary artery, aortic valve and calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Left adrenal myelolipoma. Hepatic steatosis. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: No aggressive bone lesions.
This is an update of the original review published in 2013. The review now includes two new studies. The first was published in 2015, and the second was published again in 2017. Both studies were conducted in the USA. The new study was funded by the National Institute of Health Research (NIHR) through a grant from the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute (NHLI) Research Award. The second study was sponsored by the US National Institutes of Health (NIH), and the funding source was not specified. This review of the two studies found that the heart chambers appear grossly normal in size. The airways are patent with retained secretions in the lower bronchi (for example series 3 image 230), with similar to minimally increased lower lobe distal airway bronchiectasis. No pulmonary nodules greater than 5 mm identified. There are no pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No aggressive bone lesions. S-shaped thoracolumbar spinal curve is seen, which may be partially positional. The liver, gallbladder, spleen, pancreas, kidneys, and adrenal glands are unremarkable. The visualized bowel is not obstructed. Abdomen: Mixed arterial and portal venous phase of contrast. There is a gastrostomy tube with tip and balloon within the gastric body lumen. Patient is status post Nissen fundoplication with clips at the junction. No CT findings of inflammation at the GE junction. The vasculature is unremarkable, and no aggressive osseous lesions or acute bony abnormalities are seen.
The review of trials found no new or enlarging pulmonary nodules. The central airways are patent. The heart is st enlarged. No pericardial effusion was noted in the aorta. No aggressive bone lesions were found. The thyroid gland was found to have a heterogeneous thyroid gland with scattered calcifications. The right atrium catheter terminates in the atrium of the heart and the left atrium. The patient is status post CABG, median sternotomy and mitral annuloplasty. Upper Abdomen: Please see separately dictated report for findings in the abdomen.
Lungs/Airways/Pleura: Central tracheobronchial tree is patent. Diffuse bronchial thickening. Scattered areas of scarring in the right middle right lower lobe. Subsegmental atelectasis in the left lower lobe adjacent to chronic elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. Stable right apical 4 mm nodule (5:80) and 5:116 right upper lobe nodule. No pleural effusions. Mediastinum/Lymph nodes: No thoracic adenopathy. No pericardial effusion. Normal course and caliber of the aorta. Aortic and coronary artery calcifications. Upper Abdomen: Reported separately. Osseous structures and Soft Tissues: Widespread osseous metastatic disease. St stable compression deformities of multiple thoracical vertebral bodies. Old healed rib fractures. Status post left mastectomy.
The review of trials found that the heart is normal in size and that the lungs and airways are not affected. However, the aortic valve is calcified and calcified. There is no evidence that there are any abnormalities of the lungs or the airways. There are no abnormal changes of the thoracic spine. No aggressive bone lesions have been found.
The review of trials found that the heart appears to be normal in size and that the lungs and airways appear to be unperturbed. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No new or enlarging nodules have been found. No aggressive bone lesions have been observed. No pericardial effusion has been reported. The thyroid gland is unremarkable. The aortic and coronary artery calcifications have not been found to be abnormal.
