 One side of the armed conflicts is composed mainly of the Sudanese military and
 Jeddah is the principal gateway to Mecca, Islam's holiest city
 The Great Dark Spot is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck
 His next work, Saturday, follows an especially eventful day in the life of a successful
 The tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and,
 He died six weeks later, on 13 January 888.
 They are culturally akin to the coastal peoples of Papua New Guinea
 Since 2000, the recipient of the Kate Greenaway Medal has also been presented with the Colin Me
 Drummers are the first to play the drums. Dancers are the second to play
 The Cassini spacecraft consists of two main elements: the NASA Cassini orbit
 Alessandro Mazzola (born 8 November 1942) is an Italian former football player
 The debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters.
 Graham attended Wheaton College from 1939 to 1943, when he graduated with a BA
 The BZ<unk> is in favor of a referendum about the Lisbon Treaty, but against
 Many species had vanished by the end of the nineteenth century.
 In 1987, Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
 In its pure form, dextromethorphan occurs as a white powder.
 Admission to Tsinghua is extremely competitive.
 Today NRC is organised as an independent, private foundation.
 It is situated at the coast of the Baltic Sea.
 He was also named 1982 "Sportsman of the Year" by Sports Illustrated.
 Fives is a British sport believed to derive from the same origins as many
 For example, King Bhumibol was born on Monday, so on his birthday throughout Thailand
 Both names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into The National Museum of Scotland
 Tagore emulated numerous styles, including craftwork from northern New Ireland, Haida
 On October 14, 1960, John F. Kennedy proposed the concept of what became the Peace Corps on
 She performed for President Reagan in 1988's Great Performances at the White House series, which
 Perry Saturn (with Terri) defeated Eddie Guerrero (with Chyna) to
 She remained in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France.
 Despina was discovered in late July, 1989.
 The first Italian Grand Prix motor racing championship took place on 4 September 1921 at Brescia
 The Ribbajack & Other Curious Yarns and Seven Strange and
 At the Voyager 2 images Ophelia appears as an elongated object,
 The British decided to eliminate him and take the land by force.
 Some towns on the Eyre Highway in the south-east corner of Western Australia, between
 In architectural decoration Small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaic
 The other incorporated cities on the Palos Verdes Peninsula include Rancho Palos Verdes
 Clank asks Ratchet to help him find the famous superhero Captain Qwark.
 It is not a louse.
 He advocates applying a user-centered design process in product development cycles.
 The other editors who may have reported you, and the administrator who blocked you, are part of
 Working Group I: Assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change.
 The island chain forms part of the Hebrides, separated from the Scottish mainland and from the
 Orton and his wife welcomed Alanna Marie Orton on July 12, 2008.
 Formal minor planet designations are number-name combinations overseen by the Minor Planet Center,
 By early on September 30, wind shear began to dramatically increase.
 Each entry has a datum (a nugget of data) which is a
 As a result, although many mosques will not enforce violations, both men and women when
 Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques, published in 1991.
 Ryan Prosser (born 10 July, 1988) is a professional rugby union player
 Like previous assessment reports, it consists of four reports, three of them from its working groups
 Pierre Joliot, who was named after Pierre Curie, is a noted bio
 The standard letter stamp for the remainder of Victoria's reign was the 'Victori
 The International Fight League was an American mixed martial arts promotion billed as the world's
 Giardia lamblia is a flagellated protozoan parasit
 Cameron has often worked in Christian-themed productions, among them the post-Rapture
 The area east of the mouth of the Vistula River was called "Prussia proper".
 After graduation he returned to Yerevan to teach at the local Conservatory and later
 The story of Christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the Gospel of Matthew,
 Weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the Chichester Cathedral authorities for his
 So far the 'celebrity' episodes have included Vic Reeves
 It was discovered by Stephen P. Synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space
 Gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show, hosted by Juan Lu
 On 16 June 2009, the official release date of The Resistance was announced on the band's
 Jungiery is a member of another Jungiery boyband 183 Club.
 The Apostolic Tradition, attributed to the theologian Hippolytus, at
 Rollo swore fealty to Charles, converted to Christianity, and under
 It is derived from Voice of America (VoA) Special English.
 Disney received a full-size Oscar statuette and seven miniature ones, presented to
 It was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft.
 Hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden.
 It continues as the Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
 This leads to consumer confusion when 220 (1,048,576) bytes is referenced
 The incident has been the subject of numerous reports as to ethics in scholarship.
 Castration is done to make the animal more docile.
 Seventh sons have strong "knacks" (specific magical abilities). Seventh
 The 2009 version of the software is available for download from the Microsoft website.
 Volterra is a town in the Tuscany region of Italy.
 Historically, the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of
 The tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous.
 The same tram had derailed on 30 May 2006 at Starr Gate loop during previous trials.
 Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson are both former Ipswich Town and
 The square root of variance is <unk>2<unk>.
 Volunteers provided food, blankets, water, children's toys, massages, and
 Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune in the Sarthe
 If there are no strong land use controls, buildings are built along a bypass, converting
 It is also a starting point for people wanting to explore Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula,
 Bruises are not usually dangerous.
 None of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else
 George Frideric Handel also served as Kapellmeister for George, Elector
 Their eyes are quite small. Their visual acuity is poor.
 Chitin is the only biological material that is rivaled in toughness.
 Oregano is an essential ingredient in Greek cuisine.
 Ticket prices for National Rail services, the Docklands Light Railway and on Oyster card
 These works he produced and published himself, whilst his much larger woodcuts were
 The historical method comprises the techniques and guidelines by which historians use primary sources and other evidence to
 The sheer weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of Lake Vostok is
 As of 2000, the population was 89,148.
 Aliteracy is the state of being able to read but being uninterested in
 Mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound.
 The fish will dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed.
 Research has shown children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that
 Floyd Landis' father has become a hearty supporter of his son.
 Shortly after reaching Category 4 status, the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged
 The equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage.
 Convinced that the grounds were haunted, they decided to publish their findings in
 He settled in London, devoting himself chiefly to practical teaching.
 Brunstad has several fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, coffee
 He left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquere
 In 1438 Trevi passed under the temporal rule of the Church as part of the leg
 The depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation devoid of convection
 The New York City Housing Authority Police Department existed from 1952 to 1995.
 The current lineup of the band comprises Flynn (vocals, guitar), Duce (
 Countries with a minority Muslim population are more likely than Muslim-majority countries of the
 The characters are foul-mouthed extensions of their earlier characters Pete and Dud.
 Johan was also the original bassist of the Swedish power metal band HammerFall, but
 In 1998, Culver ran for Iowa Secretary of State. Culver was victor
 In 1990, Mark Messier took the Hart over Ray Bourque by a margin of 2
 Shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he impetuously defie
 The female equivalent is a daughter.
 He was diagnosed with inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999.
 Prior to the arrival of the storm, the National Park Service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along
 Each player has 12 minutes for the game.
 The Amazon Basin is the part of South America drained by the Amazon River and its
 The two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason
 Moderate to severe damage extended up the Atlantic coastline and as far inland as West Virginia.
 Because the owner tends to be unaware, these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies
 The wave traveled across the Atlantic, and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of
 For example, the Associated Press stylebook is updated annually.
 The four canonical texts are the Gospel of Matthew, Gospel of Mark, Gospel of Luke
 Since the end of the 19th century Eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing
 The upper half also resembles the coat of arms of the former district Oberbarnim
 Unlike clouds on Earth, however, which are made up of crystals of ice,
 They are not allowed to participate until they are adults.
 Subversion snapshots are often stable enough to use.
 In 1482 the Order dispatched him to Florence, the 'city of his destiny
 In the Soviet years, the Bolsheviks demolished two of Rostov
 He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain and was buried in the church of
 This was demonstrated in the Miller-Urey experiment by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C
 Cogeneration (also combined heat and power, CHP) is the use of a heat
 On occasion the male "den master" will also allow a second male into the den;
 A Wikipedia gadget is a JavaScript and / or CSS snippet that can be
 The following are links to help you get involved in the project.
 He served as the prime minister of Egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948.
 She was left behind when the rest of the Nicole<unk>os were moved to the mainland.
 James I appointed him a Gentleman of the Chapel Royal.
 Chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially indicated that he may not accept it.
 Later, Esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up
 The cyclone was expected to strengthen to a Category 1 hurricane by early on September 12.
 Calvin Baker is an American novelist.
 Eva Anna Paula Hitler (born 6 February 1912) was the longtime companion and,
 Each version of the License is given a distinguishing version number.
 Most IRC servers do not require users to register an account.
 That same year he also received a mechanics certificate, becoming the youngest certificated airplane
 SummerSlam (2009) is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced
 Usually portrayed as being bald, with long whiskers, he is said to
 Some animals have chromatic response, changing color in changing environments.
 Val Venis defeated Rikishi in a Steel cage match to retain the WWF Inter
 This closely resembles the Unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and
 Keith Brion was a band director at Yale.
 The largest populations of Mennonites are in Canada, Democratic Republic of Congo and the United
 Naas is a major "Dublin Suburb" town.
 Acanthopholis's armour consisted of oval plates set almost horizontally into
 Origin Irmo was chartered on Christmas Eve in 1890 in response to the opening
 Law Commission bills start in the House of Lords.
 In the years before his final release in 1474, when he began preparations for the
 You may add a passage of up to five words as a Front-Cover Text
 He is interred in the Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
 Bone marrow is the flexible tissue found in the hollow interior of bones.
 The scattering of blue light is more efficient than red light.
 Monteux is a commune of the Vaucluse département in southern France, in
 MacGruber asks for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb,
 This was substantially complete when Messiaen died. Yvonne Loriod
 Shi'a Muslims consider Karbala to be one of their holiest cities.
 The PAD called for the resignation of the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra,
 Travelling through remote areas, on isolated tracks, requires advance planning and a suitable, reliable
 Kahn was chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928.
 He excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal.
 Britpop emerged from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterised by
 This was absorbed into battalions being formed for XI International Brigade.
 The Sheppard line currently has fewer users than the other two subway lines.
 It has a capacity of 98,772
 Ten Boom was honored as one of the Righteous Among the Nations by the State of
 Some articles are quite lengthy and rich in content while others are shorter (possibly s
 About 95 species are currently accepted.
 Eugowra is said to be named after the Indigenous Australian word meaning "The place
 Often-heard terms such as "undies" for underwear and "movi
 Jurisdiction draws its substance from public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law and the
 He followed this with several other pieces about Hiawatha: The Death of Minneha
 The capital of the state is Aracaju (pop.
 Farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade.
 Vorkapich taught Kinesthetic Film Principles.
 MK Sun was inspired by the lawyer Brandon (Waise Lee). MK Sun grew
 The township is located near Cowra in the central west of New South Wales, Australia
 Donaldson enlisted in the Australian Army on 18 June 2002.
 The prospectors from California, Europe and China were digging along the Peel River and up the
 Before the advent of the pocket calculator, it was the most commonly used calculator in science and engineering
 The Kindle 2 features 16-level grayscale display, improved battery life, 20 percent faster
 Yogurt is a dairy product produced by bacterial fermentation of milk.
 Seventy-five defencemen are in the Hall of Fame, more than any other current
 Alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries.
 The album, however, was banned from many record stores nationwide.
 The legs are wide at the top.
 In late 2004, Suleman made headlines by cutting Howard Stern's radio show from four
 The company opened twice as many Canadian outlets as McDonald's "Wendy's confirm
 Kirk Cameron plays Plot Captain Caleb Holt.
 He won the presidential election held on 2 March 2008 with 71.25% of the popular vote.
 The plant is a living fossil.
 In 1990, she was the only female entertainer allowed to perform in Saudi Arabia.
 Stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913.
 Protests were suppressed.
 Offenbach's operettas, such as Orpheus in the Underworld
 The Tang Dynasty was a Chinese dynasty that lasted from
 Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux (February 13, 1921 –
 The instrument was nearly impossible to control.
 Santa Maria Maggiore (St. Mary the Greater), the earliest extant church
 Radar observations indicate a fairly pure iron-nickel composition.
 Railway Gazette International is a monthly business journal covering the railway, metro, light rail and
 He was appointed Companion of Honour (CH) in 1988.
 Loèche harbours the installations of Onyx, the Swiss interception system for electronic
 A matchbook is a small cardboard folder (matchcover) enclosing
 She was among the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around children, and drug use in
 Defiantly, she vowed to never renounce the Commune
 There is a three volume original English-language manga series following Graystripe, between
 Samovar & Porter (1994), p. 84 Syrians did not con
 He was also famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and garden metalwork furniture.
 During childhood she suffered from collapsed lungs twice, pneumonia 4-5 times a year
 David Lindenmeyer (Australian National University) has argued that the need for nest
 The Montreal Canadiens are a professional ice hockey team based in Montreal,
 Small value inductors can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are
 The term gribble was originally assigned to the wood-boring species, especially the first
 The wounds inflicted by a club are generally known as bludge
 The county's administration was conducted at Duns or Lauder until Greenlaw became the county
 No skater has yet accomplished a quadruple Axel in competition.
 The telephone exchange was located in Port Jackson.
 However, even to those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying
 It is described as pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit.
 Computer performance is characterized by the amount of useful work accomplished by a computer system compared
 The Volga is a river in Russia. Some of the largest reservoirs in the
 The crosier symbolises the monasteries of the region.
 Human skin hues can range from very dark brown to very pale pink.
 ShoreBank, a community development bank in Chicago, helped Yunus with the official incorpor
 Bremer reported plans to put Saddam on trial, but claimed that the details of such
 The Professional Hockey Writers' Association votes for the All-Star Team at the end of
 Tajikistan, Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan border Afghanistan to the north
 Nupedia was founded on March 9, 2000, under the ownership of Bomis, Inc.
 Simplify: Notable features of the design include key-dependent S-boxes
 Iain Grieve (born 19 February, 1987 in Jwaneng, Botswan
 Other nearby settlements include Pont-Bellanger and Beaumesnil.
 The quark model was independently proposed by physicists Murray Gell-Man
 The fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938 39 when the column
 West Berlin had its own postal administration, separate from West Germany's, which issued its own
 The Primavera is a painting by the Italian Renaissance painter Sandro Botticelli
 Sydney is the largest city in New South Wales.
 The polymer is most often epoxy, but other polymers, such as polyester, vinyl este
 The name survives as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel,
 At four-and-a-half years old, he was left to fend
 The stands were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s.
 A market town may be correctly described as a market town or as having market rights even
 The bastion was built later.
 Events Europe July 29 — Battle of Stiklestad (Norway):
 Others have theorized that Tresca was eliminated by the NKVD as
 This resulted in both Montenegro and Serbia becoming independent countries.
 Use HTML and CSS markup sparingly and only with good reason.
 Schuschnigg immediately responded publicly that reports of riots were false.
 Addiscombe is a suburb in the London Borough of Croydon.
 Constituent is a closely-related meaning of a citizen residing in the area
 Prunk is a member of the Institute of European History in Mainz.
 Stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 French film Taxi 3 as
 The crew fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the "
 The conference papers were published the next year in a bookMicroeconomic Foundations of
 Wario Land The Wario Land series is a platforming series that started with Wario
 Frédéric Chopin's Opus 57 is a berceuse
 These attacks may have been psychological in origin.
 Quinine was used to kill the Africans
 Furthermore, spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates,
 She became the authoritative editor of her husband's works for Breitkopf und Härtel
 The Moon is similar in appearance to Mercury. It is heavily cratered with regions of smooth
 The town lies in the Limmat valley between Baden and Zürich.
 These ideally provide excellent habitat for chinkara, hog deer and blue bull
 After the Sena dynasty, Dhaka was successively ruled by
 The Prime Minister stays in office only as long as he or she retains the support of
 Rowling considers this scene important because it shows Harry's bravery. By retrieving
 On June 1, 1972, he and fellow RAF members Jan-Carl Raspe and
 Together they formed New Music Manchester.
 The compact and intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys.
 It is now the site of Meher Baba's samadhi (
 The collapsed dome of the main church has been restored entirely.
 In 2005, Meissner became the second American woman to land the triple Axe
 Salem is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States.
 Forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have
 Saint Martin is a tropical island in the northeast Caribbean, approximately 300 km (186 miles)
 Therefore, these PDFs can not be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images.
 Ben was arrested on the orders of Police Inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger for participating in an
 Heavy rain fell across portions of Britain on October 5.
 Simplify: Version 2009.1 provides a USB installer to create a Live USB,
 The Free Democratic Party (FDP) had 2 members, the Christian Democratic People's Party
 A fee is the price one pays as remuneration for services.
 Ohio State's library system encompasses 21 libraries located on its Columbus campus.
 Scotland was able to repulse a Norse invasion and broker a
 The singles from the album included "By the Way", "The Zephyr Song
 In April 2000, MINIX became free / open source software under a permissive
 The body color varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white; and
 The Britannica was primarily a Scottish enterprise, as symbolized by its thist
 The area covered by the warning issued on September 22 was extended southwards as Jose intensified
 In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune alleged that U.S. Marine pilots
 The latter provided audiences with the sort of information later provided by intertitles.
 That is because real estate, businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the Third World can
 He bolted from Sydney Cove several times before being shot dead in 1796.
 Ned and Dan advanced to the police camp.
 Before the second game got underway, the press agreed that the "midget-in-a
 "
 A mutant is a fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics.
 The SAT Reasoning Test (formerly Scholastic Aptitude Test and Scholastic Assessment
 Geisslerlieder are penitential songs sung by wandering bands of
 Some reports read that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations.
 He was transported to Australia for seven years.
 Waugh writes that Charles had been "in search of love in those days" when he
 Her notorious friendship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was also an important factor
 The term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are either situated toward or
 Berzelius coined the term "protein" itself after Mulder observed that all proteins
 The gang laid low for 16 months evading capture.
 Barneville-la-Bertran is a commune in the Calvados department
 Color ranges from orange to pale yellow.
 In 1963 an extension was added, curving north from Union station, below University Avenue and Queen
 Before 1980, a section of the Commonwealth Railways Central Australian line passed along the western side
 It is located on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to Unala
 People with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death.
 As the largest sub-region in Mesoamerica, it encompassed a vast and
 Google subsequently made the comic available on Google Books and their site.
 Anyone may register a pedigree with the college, where they are carefully internally audit
 The book, Political Economy, was published in 1985. It had limited classroom adoption.
 He toured with the IPO in the spring of 1990 for their first-ever performance in
 Napoleonic Wars: Austrian General Mack surrenders his army to the Grand Army of Napoleon at
 It has long been the economic centre of northern Nigeria.
 A majority of South Indians speak one of the five Dravidian languages — Kannada
 Meteora earned the band multiple awards and honors.
 The WWF cavalry attacked Kane and Jericho.
 Most of the songs were written by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman.
 In the 5th century Slavs started to move into the area.
 From 1900 to 1920 many new facilities were constructed on campus, including facilities for the dental and pharmacy
 Winchester is a city in Scott County, Illinois, United States.
 Name Arzashkun seems to be the Assyrian form of an Armenian
 Out of 16,421 participants in the national casting, she was chosen among the 15 candidates to
 Its episodes were broadcast on the ABC network from its debut on September 21, 1993 to March 1,
 The latter device can then be designed and used in less stringent environments.
 Gimnasia hired first famed Colombian trainer Francisco Maturana, and then
 Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa, United States.
 She appeared in several music videos, including "It Girl" by John Oates and "
 On June 24, 1979 (the 750th anniversary of the village), Glinde received its
 Pauline returned in the Game Boy remake of Donkey Kong in 1994, and later Mario
 The vagina is remarkably elastic and stretches to many times its normal diameter during vagina
 His real date of birth was never recorded, but it is believed to be a date between
 This quantitative measure indicates how much of a particular drug or other substance (inhibitor
 Although the name suggests that they are located in the Bernese Oberland region of
 He had one daughter, later baptized as Mary Ann Fisher Power, to Ann (
 Edward Gorey mentioned that Bawden was one of his favorite artists.
 The string can vibrate in different modes just like a guitar string can produce different notes.
 Gable also earned an Academy Award nomination when he portrayed Fletcher Christian in 1935
