The aim of this Cochrane review was to assess the impact of education on the risk of children and their carers who were admitted to hospital for a flare-up of their asthma. A total of 38 randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, cross-over studies involving 7843 children were included in the review. The results showed that children who were provided with a short-term (three to six weeks) programme of education, either individually or as part of a group, were less likely to return to the hospital for an asthma attack. There was no difference in the number of children who needed to be re-admitted to hospital and there were also fewer unscheduled doctor visits. Very few data were available for other outcomes (FEV1, PEF, rescue medication use, quality of life or symptoms) and there was no evidence that there was a difference between education and control. However, there is a need for further research in this area.
We found 130 randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, and quasi-transfertile controlled trials (RCTs) comparing ketamine with placebo in 8341 adults (aged 18 years and over) who had had any type of surgery. We did not stratify the main analysis by type of operation or any other factor, such as dose or timing of ketamine administration, and used a non-stratified analysis. Ketamine was given to 4588 adults and placebo to 3753 adults. Types of surgery included ear, nose or throat surgery, wisdom tooth extraction, thoracotomy, lumbar fusion surgery, microdiscectomy, hip joint replacement surgery, knee joint surgery, anterior cruciate ligament repair, knee arthroscopy, mastectomy, haemorrhoid surgery, abdominal surgery, radical prostatectomy (removal of prostate), thyroid surgery, elective caesarean section, and laparoscopic surgery. The average age of participants ranged from 40 to 68 years. The mean age of patients ranged from 41 to 75 years old. The risk of bias was low or very low in most of the studies, except for study size; most had fewer than 50 participants per treatment arm, which made it hard to be sure of the accuracy of results. The main results showed that ketamine reduced pain at rest at 24 hours and pain at 48 hours by 5/100 mm, and pain during movement by 14% and 16%, and pain by 16% at 24 and 48 hours, when compared with placebo, and reduced the time for the first analgesic request by 54 minutes, and the area of postoperative hyperalgesia by 7 cm², when ketamine was used, and very low when nitrous oxide was used. We rated the risk of adverse events as high for all outcomes except for pain intensity, which we judged to be very low. Overall, 187/3614 (5%) of those who received ketamine and 122/2924 (4%) of people who did not have ketamine had an adverse event. The number of participants in the ketamine group and in the control group was similar (high- and low-quality evidence). Ketamine reduced the area in which the pain was at rest by 19% and 22% in the 24-hour and 48-hour groups, and by 5% in both groups, compared with the group that did not receive ketamine. Pain at rest and in movement was reduced by 20% and 14%, and by 6% and 20%, in the two groups that had ketamine, but by no more than half a centimetres, in the 48 hours after the end of 24 hours. We judged the quality of evidence to be high for both pain intensity and time to first request for analgesic painkillers, and for the reduction in the amount of painkillers consumed over 48 hours. The evidence was up to date as of March 2018. The quality of the evidence was moderate for all of the main outcomes, and down to very low for the other outcomes.
This review found that the MSP/RESA (combination B) vaccine reduced the number of episodes of malaria in children who had not been pretreated with an antimalarials drug (sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine) but not in those who had been pretreating with antimalaria drugs. However, the vaccine did not reduce the numbers of children with blood-stage (the stage at which the malaria parasites are most likely to be in the blood) parasites. The vaccine was not shown to be safe.
We found four studies, involving 125 participants. Three of the studies used pulsed electromagnetic fields and one used a type of electrical field known as a 'capacitive field', but most of the data were from the non-union of the tibia (shin bone) and not the tibias (shins). All studies were blinded, which means that participants did not know whether or not they were in the treatment group or the control group. Each of the four studies had limitations in the way that they were designed and performed. We found that the overall pooled effect size was not large and the number of people whose fractures had healed at a fixed time point was small. There was no reduction in pain found in two of the trials. No study reported on the effect of the treatment on function (e.g. use of a walker or crutches). One of the included studies found that there were no side-effects of the treatments. One trial reported one minor side-effect and the other did not report any side-side-effects. Overall, the evidence is not strong and does not support the use of this method for the treatment of delayed union and non-unions of long bone fractures. Further well-designed, well-conducted, and well-reported randomised controlled trials are needed to answer this question.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the use of drain after laparoscopic cholecystectomy to no drain in a total of 1831 patients. Nine of the 12 RCTs were of high risk of bias (that is, there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way that the trial was conducted) and the other six trials were of low risk (there was a low risk of arriving at the wrong results) of bias. The average age of participants in the trials ranged from 48 years and 63 years in the 10 trials that provided this information. The percentage of females ranged from 55.0% to 79.0%. The risk of death was similar in both groups (1% in the drain group and 0.2% no drain group). There was no difference in the risk of dying in the short-term (less than 24 hours after surgery) or in the length of time spent in hospital between the two groups. The number of patients who were discharged as day-procedure laparoscopically after the surgery seemed to be less in the group that had drain surgery than the one that did not have drain surgery. Operating time was longer in the drains group than the no drains group (seven trials; 775 adults; 95% CI 5.00 hours to 7.30 hours) and there was no evidence that there was any difference in quality of life or the time it took for patients to return to normal activity or to go back to work between the groups in one trial involving 100 adults. One of the trials did not provide any information from which could be used to judge the risk-free return to work and so the results of this trial could not be determined. There is currently no evidence to support the routine use of drains after the removal of gallbladder and there is a need for further well-designed, high-risk of bias-free trials.
We found 39 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 3639 participants. All trials were conducted and published in China. Thirty-eight different herbal medicines were tested in these trials, including four single herbs (extracts from a single herb), eight traditional Chinese patent medicines, and 26 self concocted Chinese herbal compound prescriptions. The trials were of low quality and there was a lack of information about adverse events. Eighteen of the trials found no adverse events, and the other 18 found no side-effects. There was no evidence to support the use of Chinese herbal medicines for treating the symptoms of diabetic peripheral neuropathy. No well-designed, randomised, placebo controlled trial with objective outcome measures has been conducted. Most of the studies were of very low methodological quality and therefore the interpretation of any results for the efficacy of the included herbal medicines should be made with caution. Conclusions could not be drawn from this review about the safety of herbal medicines, due to inadequate reporting.
We found five RCTs comparing IAS to CAS in a search of the Cochrane Database of Controlled Trials (RCTs) up to July 2013. All the studies were of short duration (three to four years) and involved patients with prostate cancer that had spread to other parts of the body. Few events were reported and did not assess the effect of IAS on the risk of dying from prostate cancer or of metastasis (the spread of the cancer to other organs). Only one of the studies (77 men) looked at the progression of the prostate cancer and found that IAS was as good as CAS for stopping the cancer from spreading to the lungs. One trial (43 men) found no difference in side effects (gastrointestinal, gynecomastia and asthenia) between IAS and CAS, with the exception of impotence, which was significantly lower in the IAS group. There were no data for the effect on overall survival, prostate cancer-specific survival, or the time to death of prostate cancer. Limited information suggests IAS may have reduced adverse events.
We found 12 randomised trials involving 7,119 women. Five trials randomised to the use of an IUD only. One of them showed that insertion of the IUD was associated with a higher risk of expulsion than that of a delayed IUD. The quality of evidence was moderate. The other trials showed that use and expulsion of levonorgestrel-releasing IUD or the Lippes Loop was more likely for IUD insertion immediately after abortion compared to delayed insertion. In other trials, pregnancy was less likely for the TCu 220C and the Copper 7. However, at six months postabortion, IUD use was found to be higher for women who used IUDs immediately compared to those who waited for a few weeks. In one of the multicentre trials, adding copper sleeves to the Lips Loop improved efficacy and reduced the risk of pregnancy. The evidence is up to date as of March 2014. The overall quality of the evidence was low to moderate.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) on the use of meditation in patients with haematological malignancies, i.e. cancers of the blood that have spread to the bone or blood cells. We found only one RCT published as an overview only. The RCT included a total of 92 adults with leukaemia who had been in hospital for at least six months. The participants were followed-up for six months after the end of the study. There was a high risk of bias due to the small size of the trial and the lack of details about the methods used in the RCT. We judged the quality of the evidence to be'very low' for all predefined outcomes, as there was not a lot of information on the patients included in the study, and only one study with a very low sample size. There is not enough information to draw any conclusion from the one study we found on the effects of meditation for patients with blood cancers. More high quality RCTs are needed.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 110 healthy children who had been in contact with a case of varicella. The children received PEP or PEP plus a placebo (or no vaccine) and were followed up for at least three days. Two of the three RCTs were at high or unclear risk of bias, which means that their results may not be valid. Overall, 13 out of 56 (23%) of the PEP-vaccine recipients (38%) developed varicellitis, compared with 42 out of 54 (78%) of those who did not receive PEP. Of the vaccine recipients who had PEP, the majority had mild disease (fewer than 50 skin lesions) and none of them had any complications. Most of the children in the three trials were given PEP within three days of exposure to the case, but too few were vaccinated four to five days later for us to be able to assess the effect of PEP given more than three days after exposure. No study reported on adverse events after PEP was given. We found no trials for adolescents or adults.
We found 12 RCTs, with 4704 participants, that were at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way the trials were run and the way they were designed). Eleven of the trials compared different prophylactics (antibiotics) and compared them against each other. All the people in the trials had had MRSA in the nose or had had a previous MRSA infection. It does not appear that MRSA was tested or eradicated prior to surgery; nor does it appear that there was high prevalence of MRSA carrier status in the people undergoing surgery. The overall all-cause risk of death in four trials that reported deaths was 14/1401 (1.0%) and there were no differences in death rates between the intervention and control groups in each of the individual comparisons. There were no serious adverse events in any of the 561 people randomised to the seven antibiotic regimens in four studies (three of which reported death and one that did not). None of the studies reported quality of life, the length of time spent in hospital or the use of hospital resources. Overall, 221/4032 (5.5%) people developed SSIs due to all organisms, and 46% due to MRSA. In the 15 comparisons that compared one treatment with the other, there was no difference in the number of people who had SSIs. However, in the one trial that used co-amoxiclav (or cefotaxime if allergic to penicillin) compared with placebo, the proportion of participants who had all SSIs was lower in the group that had the antibiotic proprophylaxis. In two trials that assessed MRSA infections other than SSI, 19/478 (4.5% of people) people developed MRSA (SSI, chest infection and bacteraemia) including SSI and MRSA at any body site in these studies. There was no clear reduction in the risk of developing MRSA-related SSIs in the MRSA group in these trials. There is currently no other evidence to suggest that using a combination of antibiotics or a high dose of antibiotics for an increased duration is of benefit to people with surgery in terms of reducing MRSA rates.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared planned home care with care at home for PPROM. We found two RCTs (116 women) that were too small to be able to assess whether home care was better or worse than care in the long term for any of the outcomes that we assessed. There was no information on the risk of perinatal death in one trial and there was not enough information in the other to be sure whether it was different in the home care group or the hospital group. Mothers who received home care spent 10 days less time as inpatients and were more satisfied with their care. Home care was associated with reduced costs. Overall, the number of included women in each trial was too few to allow assessment of pre-specified outcomes.
This review found that staples and sutures were similar in terms of wound infection, pain and cosmesis, and these are the most used methods for closing the skin after caesarean section. However, it is important to note, that for both of these outcomes (wound infection and wound complication), staples may have a different effect depending on the type of skin incision, i.e., Pfannenstiel or vertical. If staples are removed on day three, there is an increased risk of skin separation and the need for reclosure.
We found 11 RCTs with a total of 821 participants. Seven of the 11 studies compared green tea to black tea and four to other types of tea. The amount and form of both green and black tea used in the trials differed, as did the type and amount of green tea and the amount of black tea that was consumed. The results showed that green tea was found to reduce the risk of heart attack and stroke by 0.43 mmol/L and blood pressure by 1.2 mmHg over six months. Black tea was also found to have favourable effects on lipid levels (lipids are fat-like substances that help to break down the fat in the blood) and blood blood pressure. Adverse events were measured in five trials and included a diagnosis of prostate cancer, hospitalisation for flu, appendicis and retinal detachment but these are unlikely to be due to the use of green or black tea. There are very few long-term studies to date that have looked at the effects of tea for the prevention of CVD. The evidence is up to date as of March 2014. The limited evidence suggests that tea has favourable effects for the reduction of risk factors for CVD, but the results should be treated with some caution as only a few trials contributed to each analysis and some of the trials were at risk of bias. Further high quality trials with longer-term follow-up are needed to confirm this.
We found that there is a clear lack of evidence to support the use of azathioprine as a steroid sparing-agent in the treatment of patients with chronic asthma. We found only a small number of small, short-term, low- to medium-term randomised controlled trials. There is a need for large, long-term studies with pre-defined ways of reducing steroid use in the long term.
We found 56 randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, cross-over controlled trials (RCTs) involving a total of 4068 adults with cancer-related tiredness. Most of the RCTs were carried out in participants with breast cancer (28 studies), with the majority in those who received post-adjuvant cancer surgery (28 trials). A meta-analysis of all fatigue data, including 38 comparisons, provided data for 1461 adults who received an exercise intervention and 1187 adults who did not. At the end of the intervention period, exercise was seen to be more likely to reduce tiredness than the control group. Benefits of exercise on tiredness were found in all trials except for those that assessed the effects of exercise delivered during or after cancer surgery in those with solid tumours. In terms of diagnosis, we found that there was no difference in tiredness for breast and prostate cancer, but not for those with haematological malignancies (blood cancers). The findings of the updated review have enabled a more precise conclusion to be made in that exercise can be regarded as beneficial for the treatment of tiredness caused by cancer and post-cancer therapy in people with cancer, and specifically those with cancer in the tumours that have not spread to other parts of the body (solid tumours). Further research is needed to determine the best type, intensity and timing of exercise for people with tiredness due to cancer.
We found five trials with 3427 adults (aged 16 to 65 years of age) who had been treated with BEACOPP or ABVD in the first six months of treatment. All five trials were co-ordinated in Germany, the HD2000 and GSM-HD trials were done in Italy and the EORTC 20012 was done in Belgium. The overall risk of bias was low for overall survival (OS), but was high for other outcomes, as it was not possible to blind patients to which treatment arm they were in. The remaining 'Risk of bias' domains were low and unclear. We found that patients with HL who are treated with a high dose of BEACopP (3142 participants) will live for at least five years longer than those treated with ABVD. This means that only 90 (70 to 117) patients will die after five years in the beacopP group compared to 120 in the ABVD group. There is no difference between the two groups in terms of the risk of dying from any cause. We are very uncertain how many women will be infertile due to the treatment and which arm might be favoured, as the age of the patients was not described. Only one trial planned to assess quality of life, however, no results were reported. Although the occurrence of MDS or AML may be increased with the treatment of adults with HL, there is no evidence for a difference between both treatment regimens for the number of people with overall secondary malignancies (3332 participants) and the observation time of the included in the review is too short to be expected to show a difference with respect to second solid tumours, which would not be found until around 15 years after the end of the treatment. This is a very low- to very low quality of evidence, as there were only five trials, and the size of the studies was too small.
We found 15 RCTs with a total of 1835 cancer patients. All included studies were conducted in high-income countries and most studies were aimed at breast cancer patients (seven trials) or prostate cancer patients or patients with prostate cancer (two trials). We found that patients with cancer who received a psycho-educative (e.g. talking to them about self-care and self-help skills) treatment had similar RTW rates as those who received care as usual. We also found that there was no difference in the quality of life of patients who were offered a psychosocial intervention compared to those who were not. We did not find any studies on other types of psychosensors. In one study breast cancer cancer patients were given a training programme that was not more effective than care as normal in terms of improving RTW. We found five studies that used a multidisciplinary approach in which patients received a range of psychological, social, health-care, and/or health-based interventions in a variety of settings, such as health care workers, physiotherapists, nurses, counsellors, and psychologists. These studies showed that patients who received this type of intervention had a higher RTW rate than those who did not. In all studies a less radical or 'functioning conserving' (where the cancer does not spread to the lungs) treatment was compared with a more radical treatment. This means that the cancer is not spread in the body and the patient does not need to be put on a long-term course of surgery or have surgery for the cancer to get the disease to go away. This approach is known as 'health-based' and is based on the idea that the best way to treat a cancer is to focus on the patient’s well-being. We rated the overall quality of evidence as low for the use of psycho-education and low for training in the care of people with cancer. We judged six studies to have a high risk of bias and nine of the 15 studies to be of low quality. The evidence is up to date as of March 2014.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and found four RCTs involving more than 13,000 women in labour in the UK and Ireland. Three of the trials were funded by the hospitals where the trials took place and one trial was conducted in Scotland. The other three trials were carried out in the USA and one in Spain. The evidence is up to date as of July 2013. We found no new trials in this update. Results reported in the 2012 review were the same as those found in the 2013 review. The risk of having a caesarean birth was increased by 20% in the group of women who received CTG compared to the group who received intermittent auscultation. There was no difference in the risk of dying in the first month of life between the groups. There were no differences between groups in other outcomes, such as the severity of hypoxic ischaemic encephalopathy and seizures in the neonatal age of one to 12 months of age. The studies did not have a high risk of bias and were assessed as being at low risk of systematic error (i.e. play of chance). Evidence quality ranged from moderate to very low, with downgrading decisions based on imprecision, inconsistency and a lack of blinding for participants and personnel. All four included trials were conducted in developed Western European countries. One study is still in progress.
We found 32 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that randomised a total of 3666 women to either IVF or ICSI treatment. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2014. It was not possible to pool any of the data because each of the trials compared a different culture medium. Only seven of the RCTs reported live birth or ongoing pregnancy. Four of these studies found no evidence of a difference between the cultures used for embryo transfer for either day three or day five embryo transfer. None of them found any difference in the culture medium used. Six of the studies reported the number of women who had a clinical pregnancy. One of these found that for cleavage-stage embryo transfer, Quinn's Advantage was found to be better than G5 (odds ratio (OR) 1.56; 95% CI 1.12 to 2.16; 692 women). The data from the fifth study did not appear to be reliable. With regards to adverse events, three of the included RCT reports showed that women in the studies had multiple pregnancies and six of them showed that there was no effect of the culture media used on the risk of miscarriage (miscarriage). None of the study reports reported on the health of the children. Most studies (22/32) failed to report their source of funding and none described their methodology in adequate detail. The overall quality of the evidence was rated as very low for most of the comparisons and the main limitations were imprecision and poor reporting of the methods used.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at the effectiveness of methods of communicating a diagnosis of breast cancer to women. We did not find any RCTs of this type. We found that there have not been any randomised trials in this area. We have considered that it would be unethical to randomise women at such a vulnerable time such as when they are waiting for a diagnosis. The design of an RCT to examine this topic needs to be explored to inform future practice. As some of the papers reviewed by the authors related to the first consultation visit, where treatment options are discussed, perhaps a review which focused on the methods of communication at the first visit would provide more evidence for the use of these methods.
We found 17 RCTs with 1006 people with NSCP who had been randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups. All of the people in the studies had chest pain that was not chest pain caused by a cause other than heart disease. All studies were carried out in the USA, with one study from the UK and one from the USA. All participants were adults with chest pain due to a variety of reasons, most of which had to do with the way in which they had been put into treatment groups, such as the fact that they had not been told which group they were in (e.g. they were not put in the same group as the control group) and that they were assigned to a group by chance (i.e. by chance alone) or by a method similar to the toss of a coin so that both groups received the same treatment. We found that in the first three months after the intervention, there was a reduction in the number of chest pain-free days (defined as days with no chest pain) and an increase in the average number of days without chest pain. There was no effect on the severity of the chest pain up to three months later. We did not find that there was an effect of treatment on the frequency of heart pain over the next three to nine months, but this was not found in the longer term. There is a need for further research in this area. Hypnotherapy is also a treatment for NSCP.
We found 30 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 4344 adults and children. All trials compared antihistamines and mast cell stabilising drugs with placebo (dummy drug) for a range of one to eight weeks. The most common comparison was azelastine, which was used in nine of the RCTs. We found that all studies showed that the use of these drugs reduced the symptoms and signs of allergic conjunctivitis in the short term (one to three weeks). However, there were no long-term data on their effects. There were no reported serious side-effects. Overall, these drugs appear to be safe and well-treatable. The quality of the evidence was variable, but overall the risk of bias was low.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind trials (R-RCTs) looking at the effectiveness of programs aimed at preventing the uptake of tobacco use in Indigenous and non-Indigenous youth. We found two R-RTCs that met our criteria. Both studies were based in the USA and were in Native American populations (1505 participants in total). The studies were at high or unclear risk of bias (out of a total of 10) of bias, which means that we are uncertain as to whether or not the results are valid. No difference was found between the skills-only group and the control group in weekly use of smokeless (smokeless) tobacco at 42 months follow-up. Whilst the first study found positive changes in the intervention arm at post test (p < 0.05), this was not maintained at six months. Both of the studies were rated as high-risk of bias. Based on the available evidence, a conclusion could not be drawn as to the efficacy of programmes aimed at reducing the use of tobacco by Indigenous youth. This is due to the paucity of data and the need for more research in this area.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) on the use of prophylactic blood transfusion in women with sickle cell anaemia (HbSS) compared with selective transfusion (i.e. not giving blood to women with HbSC or HbSβThal) in order to reduce the risk of dying or having a blood clot in the womb. We found only one RCT with a total of 72 women. The trial did not show any clear difference in the number of women who died, or in any of the outcomes that were pre-specified for this review such as perinatal or neonatal deaths, or the occurrence of severe maternal morbidity (pulmonary embolism (no events), heart failure (very low-quality evidence), acute chest syndrome (low- or very low-risk of death) and haemolytic crises (evidence from one trial with 72 women). Low- and very-low-quality studies showed no clear clinical benefit of giving pre-transfusion of blood to pregnant pregnant women with the HbSS variant compared with giving blood only to those who did not have sickle cells in the first 24 hours after the baby was born. There was no clear difference between the two groups in terms of the risk for pain crises, bleeding in the brain or in the uterus and in the baby's blood clotting time. Other outcomes that we had planned to look at, such as duration of time spent in hospital, postpartum haemorrhage and iron levels in the blood, and outcomes for the newborns such as admission to neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) were not reported by the trial. Overall, there were few events for most of the reported outcomes and the results were generally imprecise. The evidence is up to date as of March 2016. The included RCT was at an unclear risk of bias and had a small number of events. Evidence from one small trial of very low quality showed that giving preprophylacic blood to all but one of the 72 women in the study did not result in any clear benefit for the health of the mother or the baby. There is no evidence from randomised or quasi-randomised trials to show which is the best way to give blood to the mother and the baby in this case. The available data and quality of evidence on this subject are not strong enough to advocate for a change in the current practice and policy.
We found 67 randomised trials involving a total of 6197 participants. A total of 5771 participants from 64 trials provided data for one or more outcomes that we could use in this review. All the trials were at high risk of bias (ie, there was a chance of bias in the way that the studies were designed and performed). There was no evidence of differences in most of the comparisons, and where there was, these differences were in single trials, which were mostly of small size. We summarise only the evidence that was available in more than one trial below. Of the primary outcomes, the only one with clear evidence of a difference was in the number of adverse events (complications), which was more with the radiofrequency dissecting sealer than with the clamp-crush method. The proportion of people requiring a blood transfusion was higher in the low central venous pressure group than in the acute normovolemic haemodilution plus low blood pressure group. Blood transfusion quantity (red blood cells) was lower with fibrin sealant than with control. Blood loss, the length of time spent in hospital, and operating time were all lower with low blood loss, hospital stay, and operation time. None of the trials reported health-related quality of life or time needed to return to work. Paucity of data meant that we were not able to assess whether the trials used the same methods for all of the outcomes. When data were available, network meta-analysis (a method of analysing the data in a way that allows for cross-over from one study to the other) showed that there was no clear advantage of one method over the other. There is no evidence that liver resection is more or less safe and safe when used with a radiofibre-sealed sealer. The quality of evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. This was due to the small size of the studies and imprecision of the results.
The aim of this review was to find out which was the best way to treat PPP. Twenty-three trials involving 724 people were included in the review. There is evidence to suggest that the use of PUVA and retinoids is better than the individual treatments. The use of a topical steroid under hydrocolloid occlusion is beneficial. It would also appear that low dose ciclosporin, tetracycline antibiotics and Grenz Ray Therapy may be useful in the short term. Colchicine has a lot of side effects and it is unclear if it is effective and neither was PUVA (rate of improvement of 0.00, 95% CI -0.04 to +0.05). There is no evidence to show that short-term treatment with hydroxycarbamide (hydroxyurea) is effective.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing five drugs within the loop diuretic class (furosemide 40 mg to 60 mg, cicletanine 100 mg to 150 mg, piretanide 3 mg to 6 mg, indacrinone enantiomer -2.5 mg to -10.0 mg, and etozolin 200 mg) in 460 adults with a mean blood pressure of 162/103 mmHg for a mean duration of 8.8 weeks. The best estimate of systolic/diastolic blood pressure-lowering effect of the drugs was -7.9 (-10.4 to -5.4/ -4.4 (-5.9 to 2.2.8) mmHG). Withdrawals due to side-effects and changes in blood pressure did not show a difference. The review did not provide a good estimate of harms due to the short duration of the trials and the lack of reporting of side-side-effects in many of the studies. We graded the quality of the evidence as low due to a high risk of bias in the design of the RCTs and the high likelihood of publication bias.
We included 58 trials, of which 48 trials with 2849 adults (aged 18 years and over) with a mean age of over 60 years of age who had had planned laparoscopic cholecystoid surgery to remove the gallbladder (gastrocystosis) for any reason were randomised to intraperitoneal local anaesthetic (1558 adults) or no intervention (1291 adults). All the trials were at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions due to the play of chance) and all were at risk of systematic errors (ie, there was an overestimation of benefits and under-estimation of harms). There were no deaths in either group in the eight trials that reported deaths (0/236 (0%) in the local anaesthetist group and 0/210 (0% in the control group). One patient in each group had a very low risk of death (0.4%) from any cause. Although the remaining trials did not report the overall morbidity, three trials (190 adults) reported that there were no complications during or after the surgery, and 20 trials (715 adults) had no serious adverse events in any of the 715 adults who had received local anaesthesia. None of the trials assessed the participants' quality of life, return to normal activity, or time to return to work. The number of people who were discharged as day surgery was imprecise and there was no difference between the two groups. The length of time spent in the hospital was 0.04 days. The pain scores as assessed by the VAS (a chart that rates the amount of pain on a 0 to 10 cm scale) at four to eight hours and at nine to 24 hours were lower in the participants who had been in the anaesthetic group than in the group that had not been put on the machine (very low quality evidence). There was no evidence that the pain scores were different at four and eight hours or at nine and 24 hours after the end of the surgery. There was very low quality of evidence that it reduces pain in low anaesthetic risk people undergoing elective laparoscopy for planned surgery. However, the size of this reduction in pain is not known and is likely to be very small. Serious adverse events were rare in people who had local anaisthetised. There is a need for further large, well-designed, and well-conducted randomised clinical trials to assess the effectiveness and safety of the use of this method. All the studies except one trial with 30 adults were of very low or low quality due to systematic errors and imprecision (play of chance). This evidence is up to date as of March 2015.
We found 74 randomised controlled trials (RDTs) of RDTs that tested the antigens HRP-2 and pLDH from P. falciparum. We grouped the RDT types by the type of test they used, but we did not combine the results as there was a lot of heterogeneity in the types of test used. We found that the RRTs were as good as or better than the microscopy-based tests, but they tended to be less accurate. The RRTs could be used to diagnose malaria in people who do not have symptoms or who are not likely to be at risk of malaria, but not in patients who are at high risk of the disease. If the point estimates for Type 1 and Type 4 tests are applied to a group of 1000 patients where 30% of those patients have symptoms, the RRT will miss 16 cases and the Type 4 test will miss 26 cases. The number of patients who will be wrongly diagnosed as not having malaria would be 34 with Type 1 tests, and nine with type 4 tests. The RDT is such that they can replace or extend the access of diagnostic services for people who have symptoms and are not at risk for malaria.
We found five trials, all from the UK, that tested short-term changes in the length of time that a primary care physician could spend with each patient. We are uncertain about the results due to the very low-certainty of the studies and the risk of bias in the way that they were conducted. We also found that there was a high risk that some of the results were imprecise because of the way in which the studies were carried out. It is possible that these findings may change if high-quality trials are published in the future.
We found three trials (Milinkovic 2007, McComsey 2008 and Sanchez-Conde 2005) comparing high dose and low dose of stavudine in a total of 157 participants. All three trials were from the USA, all were conducted in developed countries and none were from developing countries. All were ART-experienced and all had sustained virologic suppression at the start of the trials. The studies were at a high risk of bias due to the way they were done and some of the ways they were carried out. We were not able to pool the data from the trials as there were too few studies and some studies did not follow-up after the end of treatment. There was no evidence that there was a difference between the low dose and high dose of the drug in terms of the amount of virus that was eliminated from the blood and the body. Symptomatic hyperlactatemia was seen in the high dose arm of the Milinkovac 2007 study and was not seen in no participants in the McComse 2008 trial and not reported on in the Sanchez-conde 2005 trial. The high dose arms of the studies showed a reduction in bone and limb fat and an increase in triglycerides in the participants. The trials did not show that any of the participants stopped the drug due to adverse events. The results from the studies were imprecise and have not shown that there is a clear advantage of one dose over the other for the treatment of HIV/AIDS in people who have not been treated with antiretroviral drugs. However, all three of the included studies were in the USA and all were of high quality and enrolled participants who had been in ART for at the beginning of the trial. Furthermore, all of the patients were ART experienced and so the results should not be applied to the developing world where high dose is still used in ART patients with high viral loads.
We found 10 trials involving 1658 adults with ARDS who had been in the ICU for at least 28 days. Six of the trials (1370 adults) used an open lung ventilator that was different from control ventilators in aspects other than the recruitment manoeuvre (such as mode of ventilation, a change in the amount of air pumped in and out of the lung at the same time as the patient was breathing, and changes in the pressure of the air in the lungs that were not related to the manoeuvre itself). We found that the number of people who died at 28 days from any cause was reduced in the intensive care unit (ICU) and there was no difference in the risk of dying in hospital. We did not find that there was an increased risk of a head injury (barotrauma) due to the use of open lung ventilation in ARDS. We found five of the 10 trials to be at low risk of bias, and five to be of moderate risk. The evidence is up to date as of March 2017.
We found 15 studies, involving a total of 687 adults, that assessed the effectiveness of these techniques in the treatment of adults with asthma. The quality of the studies was poor and sample sizes were often too small. We were not able to draw firm conclusions about the role of these treatments due to the lack of evidence. The use of 'as needed' medications was reduced in two studies, (47 patients), by the use of relaxation therapy. However, there was no difference in FEV1 (a measure of lung function) in four studies of 150 patients, (SMD 0.01, CI -0.41 to 0.40). Quality of life, as assessed by the Asthma Quality of Life Questionnaire, showed a positive effect following CBT. Peak Expiratory Flow (a measurement of the amount of air that escapes from the lungs) was improved in favour of bio-feedback therapy in two trials, (51 patients), but not in the other four. There was no improvement in depression levels in patients who received CBT compared to those who did not. The findings of the other studies were conflicting. This may have been due to different types of interventions used and the poor design of the trials.
We found 35 randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials (studies in which people are put into one of two or more treatment groups using a random method) comparing the use of antidepressants and benzodiazepine drugs in people with panic disorder. We found that there is low- to very low-risk of bias in most of the studies, but only a few provided information about the main outcomes we were interested in (response rate, dropouts due to any cause, and number of people who dropped out of the study). We found low-quality evidence that there was no difference between the two groups in terms of the proportion of patients who improved in the short-term (i.e. six months or less) and the number who were able to return to the study. We also found that the number of dropouts from the study was similar for both groups, but this may be due to the fact that only a small amount of people dropped out in both groups. We did not find evidence that either group was more or less well-tolerable than the other, but we did find that serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) were better than tricyclic antiepileptic drugs (TCAs) when we looked at the total number of adverse events. We could not draw conclusions about which was the best treatment for each type of person based on the results of this review. The choice of which drug to use in the first place should be made by the clinician, and should be based on evidence of the effects of the drugs and their effects on the person’s quality of life, as well as the long-term side-effects. There is a need for more research in this area.
Twenty-nine trials, that enrolled over 1,700 adults with pancreatic carcinoma, were included in this review. Three of the included trials compared plastic stents to surgery. The risk of death from any cause was less with plastic stent. However, there was a trend for a lower risk of dying within 30 days of the end of the trial with the use of a stent compared with surgery. One of the trials found that metal stents resulted in lower costs and better quality-of-life than surgery. Nine of the twenty-nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at different types of stents compared to each other found that there was no clear advantage of one type of stent over the other. There was no difference in risk of the stent failing to close completely. The addition of an anti-reflux valve improved the patency of Teflon stents. There is a need for further RCTs to assess the best stent type for patients with jaundice due to pancreatic cancer.
We found five RCTs reporting 444 arterial cannulations in paediatric participants. Four of the studies compared the use of ultrasound with palpation, and one compared it with Doppler sound assistance. We found that the first-time success rate at first attempt for arterial line cannulation was improved with ultrasound guidance, as was the rate of adverse events, such as haematoma (blood in the artery) and haemorrhage, compared with other types of guidance. We also found that success rates within the first two attempts were improved with use of the technique, as were the rates of complications. The benefit may be more pronounced in infants and small children, in whom arterial lines are more challenging, than in older children. The risk of ischaemic damage was not assessed in any of the five studies. We rated the quality of evidence for all outcomes as moderate owing to imprecision due to wide risk of bias and small numbers of events.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) from the Netherlands and one RCT from the USA (both from the 1970s and 80s) and one study from the UK (from the 1990s) that evaluated the effects of a total ban on all forms of alcohol advertising. All three RCTs included a total of 80 male students. The RCT found that young men exposed to movies with a low-alcohol content drank less than men who watched the same amount of films but were not exposed to films with a high alcohol content. The results from the three ITS studies were inconsistent. A meta-analysis of the studies that looked at the effect of a ban showed that there was an increase in the amount of beer and wine consumed in the general population of 1.10% in the months after the ban was in place. This finding is consistent with an increase, no difference, or a decrease in alcohol consumption. In one of the ITS studies, which used an Abrupt Auto-regressive (GRADE) model, the total amount of alcohol sold decreased by 11.11 kilolitres per month in the month after the total ban was lifted. In the study that used the GRADE model, beer and white wine sales increased by 14.89 and 1.15 kilolitre per month, and spirits sales decreased by 22.49 kilololitres. No other prespecified outcomes (e.g. economic loss or hardship due to decreased alcohol sales) were addressed in the studies and no adverse effects were reported in any of the trials. None of the included studies were funded by the alcohol or advertising industry. There is a lack of good-quality, well-designed, high-quality evidence to guide the use of restrictions in the way in which alcohol is marketed.
We found eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing high MCT with low MCT in a total of 182 infants. There was no difference in short-term growth between the two types of formula in terms of weight gain, length gain, head circumference gain, skin fold thickness gain, or incidence of necrotizing enterocolitis. There is conflicting information as to how well the infants were able to cope with the change in weight from the low to the high type of MCT formula. Two of the eight RCTs found that infants who were fed a high-MCT formula did not gain weight as much as infants fed a low-mCT formula, and that there was no evidence of an increase in the risk of the stomach ulcer known as 'necrotizing ulcers' (NEC). No evidence was found of an effect on the incidence of NEC in the trials. No studies were found that addressed important long-term outcomes, such as growth, weight, height, and brain growth. There are conflicting data (two studies) as to whether the infants in the high- MCT group were more or less able to handle the changes in weight compared to the infants who received the low- mCT type. The review concluded that there is no difference between MCT and LCT in the short term growth of the infant, nor is there any evidence of difference between the types of the MCTs in the long term growth, or in the occurrence of NEC. Therefore, neither MCT or LCT could be concluded to be better or worse than the other for babies. More research is needed to find out which is the best type of formula for babies born before six months of age.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and found one RCT comparing transcervical amnioinfusion with no treatment in women with chorioamnionitis. We did not find any RCTs that used transabdomine (through which fluid is passed down from the uterus to the pelvis) or other parts of the body (transcervical or perineal). We found one trial (with data from 34 women) that was at a high risk of bias, which means that the results may not be reliable. The study did not report on this review's other main outcomes. We found that there was no clear effect on the risk of postpartum endometitis (endometitis is a disease of the lining of the uterus caused by the uterus that can lead to pain, cramps and cramps, and can be life threatening for the mother and her baby) or neonatal infection. The rate of caesarean section was the same in both groups. There was no difference in the length of time the babies spent in the neonatal nursery nor in the time spent in hospital. The trial did not provide any information about how many babies had a low Apgar score at five minutes after birth. The trials did not assess the safety of this treatment or women’s quality of life. There is not enough evidence to fully assess the use of transcervically-infused fluid from the placenta to the uterus in the treatment of women with this type of infection in the short-term or long-term. The evidence is up to date as of March 2018. The included trial was small and had a number of flaws in the way it was done, which meant that we were not able to draw any conclusions about the effectiveness of this intervention. The quality of the evidence was low for all of the outcomes assessed in this review. This means that we are uncertain as to whether or not this treatment is safe and whether it is safe.
We found three studies, with a total of 1620 children and adults, that compared the accuracy of the Mini-Cog to other short-term tests used in the community. The studies varied in terms of the sensitivity of the test, which ranged from 0.76 to 0.99, and specificity, which was 0.93, 0.89 and 0.83. There was not enough information to be able to pool the results of the studies. Methodological limitations were found in all the studies, which introduced potential sources of bias in the way that they were carried out. There is a need for more well-designed, well-planned, and well-conducted research in this area.
We found 19 studies that compared three types of amphetamines: dex, lisdexamfetamine, and mixed amphetamine salts (MAS; 12.5mg/d to 80 mg/d). These included 2521 adults with an age range from 35 to 65 years of age, most of whom were middle-aged (35.3 years), Caucasian males (57.2%), with a combined type of ADHD (78.8%). Eighteen studies were from the USA, and one was from both Canada and the USA. Ten were from Europe, and 10 were from both the USA and the UK. Sixteen of the 19 studies were funded by the pharmaceutical industry, one was publicly funded, and the other studies did not report their funding sources. We found no studies that had low risk of bias in all domains of the Cochrane 'Risk of bias' tool, and we found low- to very low-risk of bias for all of the outcomes. This was mainly due to the small number of studies and the short follow-up time, which ranged from six weeks to three weeks. We also found that there was no difference in the number of people who dropped out of treatment because of adverse events, and that amphetamine was not associated with an increased risk of people dropping out because of side-effects. However, we found that all amphetaminics were efficacious in reducing the severity of ADHD symptoms as rated by patients. In contrast, we did not find any evidence to suggest that dex was better than the other type of amphetamine. Overall, we rated the quality of evidence as low or very low for all outcomes. The main reasons for this were that there were few studies with short-term duration (i.e. less than six weeks), and the fact that we could not rule out that some of the studies had a carry-over effect from one study to the next.
We found 10 randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials (RCTs) involving 811 people with a range of chronic pain. The studies were heterogeneous with regard to the type of pain, the chronic pain conditions, the dose of vitamin D given, co-interventions, and the outcomes that were measured. Only two of the RCTs looked at the pain that people with chronic pain felt when they were asked to rate their pain and the other six looked at people who did not have a specific chronic pain condition. Overall, there was no consistent pattern that the use of a vitamin D tablet was better than placebo in any chronic pain disorder. Adverse events and withdrawals due to adverse events were very rare. Based on this evidence, we are not able to conclude whether or not there is a large effect of the vitamin D treatment on chronic pain, but rather that it is unlikely that there is such an effect.
Forty-one studies were identified involving more than 200 health care providers and more than 48,000 patients. The studies were heterogeneous in terms of interventions, participants, settings and outcomes. In all of the studies the intervention strategy was multifaceted. In 12 of the trials the intervention was targeted at health professionals, in nine they were targeted at the organisation of care, and in 20 it was both. In 15 of the included trials, the nurse was added to the professional and organisational interventions. A combination of professional and patient-oriented interventions improved process outcomes. The effect on patient outcomes was less clear as these were rarely assessed. Arrangements for follow-up (organisations of care) also showed a favourable effect on process outcome. Multiple interventions in which the nurse's role was enhanced, or in which patient education was added, had favourable effects on patients' health outcomes.
We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that included a total of 1503 women, with a mean of 301 participants. The trials compared hormonal and intrauterine methods in 25- to 34-year-old women. The evidence is up to date as of March 2017. The studies compared the use of the LNG-IUS in women aged 25 years and younger. The included trials compared the following methods: combined oral contraceptive (COC) versus transdermal contraceptive patch, vaginal contraceptive ring, or levonorgestrel (LNG) 20 µg/day, LNG 12 versus LNG 16, and LNG 20 versus the copper T380A (IUD). The trials did not show that any of the methods were better or worse than the other methods in terms of the number of women who continued to use the method at six to 36 months after the end of the trial. The only difference was that a COC group had a higher rate of stopping the method for 'other personal reasons' compared with the group that was treated with the low dose of LNG, which may not have had any effect in practice. In three of the trials that looked at different LNGs, there was at least a 75% chance that a woman would be able to keep the method up to three years after the start of the study. In one of those three trials, the low-dose LNG appeared to be as good as the high-dose. In the other two trials, women who stopped the method early were at least as likely to continue to use it after three years as were those who took the COC.
The aim of this Cochrane review was to assess the effectiveness and safety of immunotherapy for allergen-related asthma in adults (aged 18 years and over) with asthma. Eighteen of the eighty-eight trials included in the review were of house mite, 27 were of pollen, 10 were of animal dander, two were of Cladosporium mould, two of latex and six were of other types of allergens. Overall, there was a reduction in the use of asthma medicines and in the occurrence of bronchial (bronchial) hyper-reactivity, which is a sign of inflammation caused by the lungs. It would have been necessary to treat three patients (95% CI 3 to 5) with immunotherapy to avoid one worsening in asthma symptoms. Overall it would have to treat four out of the six people who would need to be followed up for this to happen. There was no difference in the number of patients who had an anaphylaxia (anaphylactic shock) with or out of treatment with the treatment.
We did not find any new trials for this update. We found six trials involving 1297 adults with acute lung injury, most of whom had been in hospital for less than 24 hours. All of the trials compared ventilators with a lower ventilator pressure than or equal to 31 cm H2O. The results showed that the risk of death at day 28 and at the end of the hospital stay was reduced by the use of lower ventilation pressure. There was not enough information about long-term effects. The trials did not have a high risk of bias.
We included 15 RCTs with 1833 participants in this review. We found that the use of isoflurane is associated with a longer time to emerge from anaesthesia and with a greater risk of adverse events than with propofol, but both drugs are comparable in terms of the risk of shivering or pain. However, we found that both drugs have the same risk of serious side effects (nausea and vomiting) and both drugs cause the same amount of shaking and tingling in the hands and feet. We concluded that the intravenous technique is comparable with the inhalation technique of using sevoflureane to provide an early emergence from anaemia.
We found four trials including 15,936 people with a mean age of 75.4 years. Mean blood pressure at entry across the studies was 171/86 mmHg. There is no evidence that lowering blood pressure in people with high blood pressures in late-life prevents the onset of dementia or other forms of dementia. However, many of the people in the control groups received antihypertensives (drugs to lower blood pressure) as their blood pressures were above pre-set levels. This may have led to an over-estimation of the benefits and under-estimate of the harms of treatment. There was no difference in the risk of dementia in people who received the study drug compared to those who did not. There were problems with analysing the data, due to the number of patients lost to follow-up and the use of a dummy drug (placebo) in the trials.
We found 12 trials involving 3474 patients. All trials compared PTCRA with PTCA to angioplasty alone in patients with in-stent re-stenosis. There was no difference in the number of patients who had a new stent placed at six months and one year after the end of treatment. However, there was a higher risk of major adverse events (myocardial infarction (MI), emergency heart surgery or death) in the in-hospital time from the beginning of the first day of treatment to the end. The risk of perforation (a hole in the stent) was four times the risk in the artery and about twice the risk of transient vessel occlusion (when the vessel becomes blocked) while angiographic dissections and stents used as a 'bailout' procedure were less common. There is no evidence to support the routine use of PTCra in patients who have had a stent put back in.
We found three RCTs (333 participants) comparing nebulised rhDNase with placebo in children under 24 months of age hospitalised with bronchiolitis. All studies used 2.5 mL (1 mg/mL) of the drug in a daily dose compared with a twice a day dose in the control group. Adjunctive therapy was given with salbutamol, nasal wash, nasal decongestants and antibiotics. There was no improvement in the number of days spent in hospital, the length of time spent in the ICU or the need for supplemental oxygen use. In one of the trials, four out of 11 patients in the treatment group had atelectasis (scarring of the airways caused by a virus). Two of these patients showed improvement after treatment. There were no major side effects in either group. The results based on the three included studies in this review did not support the use of nebulise rh DNase in children aged from one month to 18 years in hospital with acute lung disease. In these patients, treatment did not shorten the length or the time patients were in hospital. It might have a role in children with severe lung infection caused by the virus, but further studies would need to be done.
We found that there was no difference between the percutaneous approach and the cut-down femoral artery access technique for short-term (less than 24 hours) and long-term complications (up to six months) in the number of deaths, aneurysm (hole in the brain that has not been closed by surgery) and major complication rates. There was a difference in the length of time it took to open the artery and the time taken for surgery to be done. There were no wound infections in either group. The number of patients who had a wound infection was the same in both groups. The length of hospital stay did not differ between the groups. We found that surgery time was faster with the per cutaneous approach. We rated the quality of the evidence as moderate due to the limited number of studies, low event numbers and imprecision (i.e. there were too few events to be able to draw firm conclusions from the results). The search found one ongoing study, which may provide an improved evidence base in the future.
We found that the sponge was no more or less effective than the diaphragm at 12 months in the USA and the UK in the UK. Women who used the sponge were more than twice as likely to stop using the sponge for pregnancy than were those who used it for birth control. Allergic-type reactions were more common with the sponge, although the reasons for stopping for discomfort differed in the two trials. No new trials have been identified since the initial review.
We found six randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials that investigated the use of drugs or other non-drug treatments in adults with brain tumours who had had brain surgery to treat the tumour in the head. We did not find any studies that looked at the amelioration of the brain tumour and no non-pharmaceutical treatments were found. We found that memantine may help to prevent the growth of brain metastases in adults who have had brain metastasis after brain surgery. There is no strong evidence to show that any non-medicine interventions (such as cognitive/behavioural treatments or behavioural treatments) are effective in the prevention or amelion of the effects of the surgery. Further research is required. There were a number of flaws in the way the studies were designed and performed, but few were at high risk of bias (ie, there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions due to play of chance). There is a need for more research in this area.
We found that there is a need for more research in this area. We found only a small number of randomised controlled trials, which were at high risk of bias, that looked at the use of laser treatment to treat this type of injury. There was some evidence that there was an improvement in the quality of the results, but the results were imprecise and the size of the difference was too small to be able to draw any firm conclusions. There were no data on the effects of the treatment on the other main outcomes of pain, difficulty eating or speaking or taste, and no evidence of adverse events. The quality of evidence was very low as a result of limitations in the conduct and reporting of the studies, indirectness of the evidence and the imprecision of the findings.
We found that the use of combined oestrogen and progestogen was no better or worse than no treatment for any of our main outcomes (miscarriage, perinatal death, preterm birth or low birthweight of less than 2500 g). However, there was an increased risk of cancer other than that of the uterus in mothers. There was no difference between the treatment group and the no treatment group in terms of other outcomes, such as low birthweights, genital abnormalities in the child, abnormalities other than the genital tract in the children, cancer in the male or female reproductive system in the adult child, or cancer of the prostate or ovary in the female child. There is not enough evidence from randomised controlled trials to assess whether the combined use of oestro-progesterone and progesterone can prevent miscarriages. We strongly recommend further research in this area.
This review found that both TCAs and SSRIs are safe and well-treatable for depression in adults treated in primary care. The numbers needed to treat (NNT) for treatment with TCAs ranged from 7 to 16 (median NNT 9) and from 4 to 30 (medians NNT 30) and the NNT for withdrawal due to side effects (NNH) for side effects ranged from 20 to 90.
This review found that ibuprofen 400 mg was better than 200 mg for 2-hour headache pain-free and 24-hour sustained headache pain relief in about half of the people who took it, but it was no better than rofecoxib 25 mg for this outcome. The higher dose was slightly better than the lower dose, but not by as much. About half of those who took the 400 mg dose had pain free at 2 hours, compared with about a third of those taking the 200 mg dose. Adverse events occurred at the same rate as with placebo.
We found 43 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing OTC artificial tears with each other or with a fake tear (placebo) to treat dry eye in a total of 3497 adults with dry eye. The review found that, in general, there was not enough evidence to say whether any of the OTC tears were more or less effective than each other in treating dry eye, but that 0.2% polyacrylic acid-based artificial tears were found to be more effective than 1.4% polyvinyl alcohol-based tears in only one of the 43 RCTs. All other trials found that the two types of OTC cryogenics (polyacryolic acid and polyvaproic acid) appeared to have the same effect. Our review also found that OTC ointment may be generally safe, but not without adverse events. We assessed the quality of evidence as low due to high risks of bias in the design of the trials and poor reporting of the outcome measures used. Furthermore, we found 18 trials that were reported only in clinical trial registers with no reported results or publications. Such lack of reporting of results is a high risk of publication bias.
We found one randomised trial in 136 patients who had failed first-line antiretroviral treatment with the World Health Organization (WHO)-recommended regimen of lamivudine. There was no difference in the proportion of those with HIV who were still on the drug after six months and time to HIV-1 RNA suppression in the group who were not on the treatment regimen compared to those who were on the regimen. There were no trials of second-line regimens with boosted protease inhibitors (PIs) or combinations of PIs and nucleoside-backing drugs in patients who have failed to achieve HIV-free viral suppression on their first course of treatment. Two other studies reported in abstract form did not show that there was a change in the number of patients with HIV that were still free of HIV virus in the first six months after starting treatment with a PIs-based regimen. Overall, the short-term response rate (i.e. reduction in the risk of relapsing) on PIs is encouraging. There is not enough evidence to decide whether or not to use PIs or PIs in the long term.
We found 133 studies involving 844,206 adults who had been in hospital for any length of time. The age range of participants ranged from 18 to 80 years of age, and the average age of the patients was about 40 years old. We found that all of the tests had a high risk of bias (i.e. there was a chance that the test might miss a patient who was not in the study, and that the tests might have been carried out in the wrong place at the wrong time) and that all tests had different results. For difficult laryngoscopy, we found that the upper lip bite test was the best test for diagnosing the need for tracheal intubation. For the other tests, we could not be sure whether the tests were as good as they could have been, as there were too few data. The studies did not have a large amount of data, and we were not able to draw conclusions about the use of these tests in the same way as we would like. The results of this review should be viewed with caution, as they do not appear to be good screening tests. Given the paucity of available data, further research is needed to develop tests with high sensitivity to make them useful, and to consider their use for the screening of people who need to be intubated for a long time.
We found that probiotics reduced the duration of diarrhoea, although the size of the effect was not the same across all the trials. Probiotics were found to be safe and to be effective in reducing the number of days that diarrhoeas last for at least four days. The trials were done in a wide range of countries and in a range of age groups, and included a total of 8014 participants. No adverse events were attributed to the probiotics. More research is needed to guide the use of probiotics in specific groups.
We found only one small, short-term (up to six months) and medium-term effects of nidotherapy-enhanced standard care (ranging from six months to 12 months) compared with standard care alone. This study included a total of 52 adults with a range of ages from 18 to 74 years of age. The study found that people who received this form of care were more likely to be able to engage with non-inpatient services in both the short term and the medium term, and to leave the study before the end of the study. People in the control group were no more or less satisfied with the care they received than those in the 'enhanced' care group. There was no difference between the two groups in terms of engagement with other services, but again, this was not clear in the long term. Results for the adverse effects/events of death favoured the intervention group but with no evidence of a difference in the short and medium term. Skewed results were found for mental state, service use, and the cost of care, and present a mixed picture of the benefits and harms of this new form of therapy. Further research is needed to determine the long-term effectiveness and safety of this approach.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, controlled trials (RCTs) comparing pregabalin (150, 300, 450, or 600 mg, or both) to placebo (fake medicine) in adults over the age of 18 years of age with moderate to very low back pain. We found eight RCTs with 3283 adults with back pain that had been there for at least 12 weeks. Participants were randomised at the start of the RCT to a dose of 300 to 600 mg or a dummy medicine (placebo) and assessed after 8 to 13 weeks of stable treatment. We did not find any studies that looked at the effects of other drugs (e.g. paracetamol (acetaminophen) or naproxen (painkillers) taken by mouth). We found that people who had been on a low dose (150 to 300 mg per day) for 12 weeks were about 9% more than those who were on a high dose (450 mg) and were about 10% more likely to have at least a 50% reduction in their back pain intensity after 12 weeks of treatment (high quality evidence). Pregabalin was about as good as or better than placebo for reducing back pain by at least 50% in about 2 in 10 people (high or very good) and about 3 in 10 with a low pain intensity (high and very good evidence). About 1 in 10 (1 in 10) more people experienced a 30% or more reduction in back pain after 12 or 13 weeks on a lower dose (high- or very low-side pain) than those on a higher dose (moderate or high-quality evidence). People on a very low dose were about 1 in 5 (1.5 out of 10) and 1 in 3 with a high- or low-sided dose (very low or low quality of evidence). Withdrawals due to side-effects were about 6% more common with the low-dose (300 mg) than with the high- dose (600 mg) (high/very high quality of the evidence). There was no difference in the number of people who experienced serious side-side-effects between the active treatment groups and the placebo groups. The most common side-effect was dizziness, sleepiness, somnolence, weight gain, and swelling of the legs and feet. About 10% of people in the placebo group dropped out of the studies for any reason, about the same as in the active group (moderate to high- and low-quality of the research evidence). We had no concerns about imputation (i.e. overestimate) of the effect due to the way the study was done, but there was a risk that the method used to assess treatment effect could have led to an over-estimate of the treatment effect. We also found that there was no evidence of a difference between the low dose and the high dose for'very much improved' and'much or very much improved'. We found one study (177 adults) that compared a once-a-day dose with a twice-doubling dose of twice-daily dose of preabalin, and found that the dose was no better or worse than the dose used in the other studies. We included two new trials in this update of the Cochrane review, and one new trial (1492 adults) with an EERW design in which those with good pain relief after titration were randomized to either the dose at which they started the study or to a short down-titration to placebo for 13 or 26 weeks. We are very satisfied that the included studies were well designed and had low risk of bias, except that the last observation carried forward (LOCF) imputation method used in analyses of the primary outcomes
We found one randomised trial (involving 135 women with mild pre-eclampsia at term) that was at a low risk of bias. The trial did not report any of this review's prespecified outcomes. There was no difference in Apgar score less than seven at five minutes, nor gestational age at birth, nor in the rates of postpartum haemorrhage and caesarean birth. There were more maternal side effects (feeling warm and flushed) in the treatment group than in the placebo group, but no differences in adverse events severe enough to stop treatment were observed. There is not enough evidence to assess the effectiveness and safety of the use of magnesium sulphate for the protection of the brain of the term fetus.
This is an update of a review that was first published in 2010 and was last updated in 2013. The aim of the review was to assess the effectiveness of the interventions in reducing smoking in Indigenous and non-Indigenous populations. Only four studies met all of the criteria for inclusion in the review. Two of the studies used a drug to help people to quit smoking, one used a combination of a drug and a treatment to help them to stop, whilst the other two used a form of therapy through counselling, one via text message support and the other delivered via clinic doctors trained in the use of techniques to help quit smoking. The results of this review showed that smoking-free rates were achieved in all four of the included studies. However, the number of studies was not large enough to be able to draw any conclusions about the impact of these interventions on the health of Indigenous people. More research is needed in this area.
We found 13 studies (5686 adult patients) that evaluated the use of a PAC in adults in the ICUs of ICUs. We found that a PAC did not change the risk of death or the length of time spent in ICU in patients who were admitted to the ICU. We also found that there was no effect on the time patients spent in hospital. We did not find that PAC changed the number of days in ICUs or hospital stays. We looked at the cost of care and found that patients in the PAC groups spent on average USD 900 more than those in the non-PAC groups. We concluded that PAC is a diagnostic tool but not a therapy. Newer, less-invasive monitoring tools need to be tested against PAC before they can be used in intensive care.
This Cochrane review found that venepuncture is the method of choice for blood sampling in term neonates. The use of a sweet-tastes solution prior to the procedure reduces the pain caused by the procedure. The risk of needing more than one skin puncture was reduced by the use of venepunctures.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and found one trial (52 women) comparing the use of secondary suturing with resuturing of the perineal wound at point of entry. Only one of the RCTs reported on wound healing at less than four weeks, although no evidence was made to show how the wound had healed. There was a trend to favour the resutured group in terms of wound healing, however, this was not found to be a difference in the number of women who were still having sex at six months. The other RCT reported rates of dyspareunia at two months and six months with no difference between the two groups. This trial also found that more of the women in the sutures group had resumed sex by two months, although by six months there was no difference. Neither of the other trials reported on pain at any time interval, the woman's satisfaction with the results of the wound closure, the amount of time it took for the wound to heal, the quality of breastfeeding, or the effect on the health of the baby. Based on this review, there is not enough information to decide whether or not sutured wounds are better or worse in the long term. There is an urgent need for a large, well-designed, and well-conducted, RCT to determine the best way to treat these wounds.
We found 18 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 2521 participants. Most of the RCTs compared Chinese medicinal herbs with antiviral drugs (antiviral drugs are drugs that block the use of the virus by the body's own immune cells to kill it) and found that most of the herbs had similar effects to the drugs. Few herbs were shown to be better than the drugs, and most had mild side-effects. However, the quality of the studies was poor and more high-quality research is needed.
We found 8 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 580 patients with HD catheters that compared the use of thrombolytic drugs (drugs that kill blood clots) with no treatment (placebo) or placebo (a fake drug) or other treatments. The trials were conducted in hospitals in the UK, the US, Australia, Brazil, France, Italy, Japan, the Netherlands, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, the UK and the USA. Most of the studies were funded by the drug companies that make the drugs used in the treatment. The evidence is up to date as of March 2015. The review found that thrombotic drugs may be more effective than a fake drug in the short-term (14 to 42 days) and long-term catheter survival may be improved by fibrin sheath disruption. There is no evidence favouring any of these treatments in terms of the need for dialysis or the risk of adverse events. Catheter patency was reported to be poor following use of drugs and was improved by removing the sheath and replacing the catheter with a new one. Catheters can be replaced by any of the above treatments and there is not evidence that any of them is better than the other. Most studies were judged to be at a high risk of bias due to the way they were done and the involvement of the drug industry in the design and conduct of the trials. The results of this review are based on only a small numbers of patients and the certainty of the evidence is low due to limitations in the way the trials were designed and performed.
We found 17 randomised and quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving a total of 2674 women with metastatic breast cancer. Fifteen of the RCTs reported results for tumour response and 11 trials (14 treatment comparisons) reported time-to-event (the time from the start of the trial to the time of death) for overall survival. There were 1532 deaths in 2116 women randomised to trials of the addition of a drug to the regimen and control (the regimen alone). There was no difference in the time to progression of the tumour between these regimens. Addition of one or more drugs to the treatment regimen showed a positive effect on tumour shrinkage, although we found that this was not found in all the trials. There was an increase in side effects such as alopecia (hair loss), nausea and vomiting and leucopenia (scarring of the white blood cells) with the added drug.
This is an update of a review that was first done in 2004. Ten trials with a total of 1896 patients were found that compared a NLU with ICU care. There was no difference in the risk of dying in the first few days after discharge from the NLU but there was an increase in the length of time spent in the ICU. The NLU was found to be better prepared for discharge but it is not clear if this was due to a reduction in the number of readmissions to ICU or a change in quality of life. The cost of care was higher for UK studies but lower for US based studies.
We found 11 randomised, quasi-randomised, and quasi-blinded trials (studies in which participants were not blinded to the type of treatment they received) that met our criteria for inclusion in the review. We found that the risk of bias was low in some studies and unclear or high in other studies, with only two of the 11 studies reporting that participants were aware of which group they were in (i.e. not aware of the group to which they were put in) and six reporting that they were not blind to the treatment they had been put in. Overall, there is not enough evidence to show that one type of therapy is better than any other, or that one therapy is more efficacious than the others. Only one of the studies reported the main outcome of interest, short-term improvement (any measure in which patients indicate the quality of their symptoms and quality of life) and found that patients were more likely to be satisfied with their treatment than those who were put into a sham treatment (placebo) at the end of the first week of treatment. One of the other studies found that people in the sham treatment group were more satisfied than those in the group that was put in a splint and that the chance of being able to put on the splint was greater in the short term (up to three months after the start of the trial). There was no difference between the groups in terms of symptoms, function, and neurophysiologic (muscle and brain) measurements. No studies reported any side effects of the treatment, but this was only measured in three of the eleven studies. More studies are needed to find out if there are any side-effects from the use of ultrasound for CTS. The quality of evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. This means that there is a lot of uncertainty about the results and that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the results.
We found eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving about 10,000 people who had had a stroke or had suffered a stroke due to ischaemic or thromboembolism (stroke caused by a blood clot in the brain) or both. Statins are drugs that block the growth of blood clots in the artery that carries blood from the heart to the heart (the vessels that carry blood around the body). Statins have been shown to reduce the risk of stroke recurrence in patients with a previous stroke or TIA. There was no clear evidence that statins had an effect on recurrence of the stroke in those with a prior stroke. However, three of the eight trials showed that there was a reduced risk of heart attack or stroke-like events in those who had been treated with statins. It is not clear whether statins should be started immediately post stroke or later.
We found 11 large-scale, state-wide and small-scale campaigns that included a wide range of measures of smoking behaviour and the use of mass media to change people’s behaviour. These programmes varied in design, settings, length of follow-up, methods of evaluation and also in the methods of measuring smoking behaviour used. In the USA, the largest and most well-known programmes were based in the state of California and the US state of Massachusetts, which had one of the largest programmes of this type in the USA. In addition, studies were carried out in other parts of the USA as well as in the UK and Australia. There is evidence that these types of programmes can change the behaviour of adults who use or do not use tobacco. One of them (Massachusetts) showed positive results up to eight years after the start of the programme. The other (Sydney) showed that there was at least one significant change in the number of people who used or did not use cigarettes in the area where the programme was carried out. There was no clear effect on age, education, ethnicity or gender.
We included 24 studies with a total of 2166 participants. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2016. We found that there is moderate- to very low-quality evidence that yoga can improve health-related quality of life and reduce tiredness and sleep problems in the short term. There is low- or very low quality evidence that there are no clear short-term effects on health- and long-term benefits on tiredness, sleep problems and anxiety and tiredness when compared with no therapy or psychosocial/educational interventions. Yoga does not seem to be as good as other types of exercise, but it might be used as an add-on to other exercise programmes. We did not find any evidence that it is safe to use it in the long term. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to moderate. This means that further research is likely to have an effect on our confidence in the estimate of effect and is unlikely to change the estimate.
We searched for evidence on the use of post-operative brain imaging in adults with glioma. We found only one study that was of high risk of bias due to the way it was done. This study included 125 adults who had surgery for glioblastoma (glioma is a type of tumour of the brain that starts in the brain and spread to other parts of the body). Most of the adults had surgery to remove all of the tumour and were then followed by combined radiotherapy and temozolomide (a drug used to treat tumour shrinkage) treatment. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. The study showed that there may be little or no difference in the risk of death at one year after diagnosis of GBM (48% vs 55% died) and at the end of two years after the surgery (86% vs 81% died). No other results were available for other types of imaging. We did not find any information on the effectiveness of other imaging schedules. In addition, we found no studies that looked at the cost-effectiveness of any of the different methods of brain imaging. Overall, the quality of the evidence was very low, which means that we are not able to draw any conclusions about the effects of imaging schedules in patients with GBM.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing chlorpromazine to metiapine in 161 people with schizophrenia. Data were available for only two of our main main outcomes. Clinically, there was no clear difference between the two drugs in terms of improvement in quality of life. There were no useable data available for the other key outcomes of clinical improvement in mental state, readmission to hospital due to relapse, satisfaction with treatment, aggressive or violent behaviour, or cost of care. Chlorpromazine has been the mainstay treatment for schizophrenia for decades, yet the available evidence on this drug to be treated with is of very low quality.
Twenty-three studies were identified for inclusion. The use of nitroimidazole, mesalamine and immunosuppressive therapy with azathioprine/6-MP or infliximab all reduce the risk of recurrence of Crohn's disease after surgery. However, these drugs are more likely to cause serious adverse events. There is not enough data to draw conclusions about the effects of other probiotics.
We found that there is no difference in effectiveness between different types of psychosocial interventions to reduce the use of drugs and alcohol in people who use illicit drugs. We found low to very low-risk of bias in most of the studies, and that brief interventions are not better than treatment as usual. There were no data for alcohol-related harm, which is a measure of the harm caused to a substance user by their drug use. We included a total of seven trials (825 participants) in this review. The trials were carried out in the USA, the UK, and the UK. The studies were small and had a high risk of bias, which means that their results may not be applicable to other parts of the world, such as Africa, Asia, and Latin America. The interventions were: cognitive-behavioural coping skills training (one study), twelve-step programme (one small study), brief intervention (three large, high-risk, short-term studies), motivational interviewing (two large, low- risk, long-term trials), and brief interventions only (three studies). There was no difference between groups for any of the main outcome measures (alcohol use, alcohol use, and retention in treatment) at three months, or for any other outcome measured. There was low quality of evidence for all of the comparisons. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all comparisons.
We found 23 trials with a total of 1586 participants. Fifty-eight per cent of these were from five trials that had not been published yet. The trials compared quinine to placebo (a fake medicine), other drugs (called a 'dummy' medicine), vitamin E, and xylocaine injections into the gastrocnemius (a muscle in the stomach) muscle. We found no new trials when we last searched in 2014. Quinine (200 mg to 500 mg per day) reduced cramp days by 20% and the number of cramp events by 28% over the first two weeks of treatment compared with a dummy medicine (placebo). Cramp days were 20% shorter and the cramp number was 28% less than for placebo. The risk of adverse events was 3% on quine compared with 6% on a fake medicine, but this was not enough to cause concern about serious side-effects. There was no difference in the risk of dying from any cause. One participant suffered from thrombocytopenia (a blood clot in a blood vessel) while on the medicine. Theophylline (a drug taken by mouth) was more than twice as good at reducing cramp intensity than quine, and there was no evidence that it was any more or less likely to cause a person to have a stroke. Vitamin E is another drug that can be used for muscle cramp, and we found that it is no more or no less good at treating cramp in the short-term (i.e. for up to 60 days) compared with quine. There is no evidence to judge the best dosage or length of treatment for this treatment. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for the use of 200 mg-500 mg of quine per day compared with placebo. This means that we are uncertain about the effect of this drug on cramp severity and that further large, well-designed, long-term trials are likely to have an impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect.
We found that for idiopathic cramps (largely older adults presumed to have nocturnal leg cramps) there was no difference in the number of cramps per week (0.01 cramps/week) and the average reduction in cramp rate from baseline of 8% (25% reduction) with the use of magnesium compared to placebo. There was no evidence of a benefit in terms of cramp intensity or the length of time that the cramps last (moderate quality of evidence). For pregnancy-associated rest cramps the results are conflicting and further research in this patient group is needed. We found no randomised controlled trials for exercise-associated muscle cramps or for diseases of the spinal cord or the brain (for example ALS/MND).
We found one randomised, double-blind, home-based, six-month, combined strength and exercise training program in 14 people with SMA type 3. The age range of the participants was from 10 years to 48 years. The study was performed at home in 12 adults and adults in the ambulatory ambulatory care area of a tertiary hospital in London, and the age of the other 12 adults was between 10 years and 48 years old. The participants were assigned to either the strength training group or the usual care group by a method similar to the toss of a coin so that people in the training group received more strength training than those in the normal care group. The training group was followed up for six months after the end of the first six months of the study. The results showed that people who did strength training had a greater improvement in their quality of life than those who did not participate in strength training. People in the strength-training group had a similar amount of oxygen in their blood (1.34 mL/kg/min) compared to those who were not trained in this area. The quality of evidence was very low, which means that we are not able to draw conclusions about the effects of strength training in SMA. We need well-designed, large-scale, well-conducted, and well-reported research in this field.
We found that surgery may provide pain relief faster than physiotherapy or hard collar immobilization in the short-term for patients with cervical radiculopathy, but there is no difference in the long-term. There is very low quality evidence that patients with mild myelopathy feel subjective (that is, they feel that they are better) after surgery, but we are not sure that this is true in the longer term. It is not clear whether the short term risks of surgery are offset by the long term benefits of surgery. Further research is very likely to have an impact on the estimate of effect and our confidence in it.
The aim of this Cochrane review was to assess the impact of the use of the telephone for the care of adults with a range of health care problems. Nine studies were found that used the method of telephone advice alone. In general at least 50% of calls were handled by telephone help alone. However, there was no difference between the groups in terms of the number of visits to GP's, out-of-hours visits by GP's and visits to the hospital. There was an increase in the numbers of nurse telephone triage visits in the group of nurses who dealt with patients in the emergency room.
We found 84 randomised, double-blind, quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 22,872 adults (aged 18 years and over) who had been in the MI program for at least four months. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. We found that MI was no more or less likely than other interventions to reduce the amount of alcohol consumed, the number of days/week that alcohol was consumed, or the level of alcohol in the blood, or BAC, or both of these. We also found that there was a marginal effect in favour of MI for alcohol use, and no effect was found for binge drinking, binge-drinking or other alcohol-related risky behaviour. None of the studies reported harms related to MI. The results of this review indicate that there are no clear benefits of MI in terms of reducing the risk of alcohol misuse or alcohol-based harm. Although we found some effects, the effect sizes were too small, and the quality of evidence was not strong, meaning that any effects could be over- or under-estimated.
We found 29 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 2210 adult and child participants. All participants had asthma, and follow-up ranged from 2 to 26 weeks. Most of the RCTs were at low or unclear risk of bias, which means that we could not be sure that their methods were as good as they could be. Most were at high risk of selection bias (i.e. people knew which group they were in) and of bias (e.g. there was a chance that they would have been able to guess which group the other group was in) which could have led to imprecision in our estimates of the effect. We found that people who were taught to use their inhaler properly in the first few weeks after the intervention were more than twice as likely to improve their technique compared with those who were not taught at the start of the study. People who were trained to use a multi-media device (such as a DVD, computer app or game) were about one third more likely to do so than those not trained. We did not find that this was the case for people who received a face-to-face intervention, but we did find that when we looked at the results of studies that used other types of training, such as multi-Media training, we were not sure whether this was better or worse. Most studies did not show that this type of training led to improvements in quality of life or in the number of flare-ups (flare-ups are episodes in which can lead to a person’s asthma getting worse) that could be important for adults or children. We also found that more than half of people in the control group had improved their technique by the end of the trial, compared with one-third of those in the group who had not been trained in this way. We were not able to draw conclusions about harms due to the lack of data. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low or very low for most of the outcomes, mainly due to problems with the way that some of the studies were done and the fact that not all of the results were similar across the trials.
We found three small trials, with a total of 226 participants, that compared mannitol to placebo or no treatment in people with an ischaemic stroke (stroke with no known cause). One of the trials was in patients with a stroke that had not yet been confirmed with a CT scan, and the other two were in those with an ICH (intra-chortical haemorrhage) that had been confirmed by a CT. None of the three trials found that there was a difference in the number of people who died or were not able to live on their own. There was no evidence that there were any side effects from the use of mannitor. There is currently not enough evidence to be able to say whether or not there is any benefit from the treatment of acute stroke in people who have had a stroke.
This review found that D-penicillamine appears to have a benefit on the disease activity of patients with rheumatoid arthritis, but with a greater risk of side-effects. Its effects on the long-term health status and radiology are not clear from this review.
We found four relevant trials. All of them used a decoction of Huangqi compounds (Huangqi compounds) as the intervention with chemotherapy. Three of the four trials compared the use of the decoctions with a chemotherapy alone control group and the fourth trial compared the treatment with two other types of Chinese herbs. All four of the trials were of low quality. None of the studies reported on the main outcome of this review, which was the incidence of side effects. We found that there was a reduction in the number of patients who experienced nausea & vomiting when a treatment with Huangqi drugs was added to chemotherapy. There was also a decrease in the rate of leucopenia (low white blood cell count) and an increase in the proportion of T-lymphocyte subsets: CD3; CD4 and CD8. There were no clear effects on Immunoglobulins G, A or M. Due to the low quality of the included studies, there is no evidence of benefit. We need high quality randomised controlled trials investigating the effects of decoitions of Astragalus spp., as in Huangqi, upon the side effects of chemotherapy.
We found three RCTs (RCTs) that met our criteria. The three trials included a total of 866 participants aged four to 55 years with RP of all forms of genetic predisposition. One RCT evaluated the effect of vitamin A alone, one RCT assessed DHA alone, and a third RCT compared vitamin A and DHA with vitamin A only. None of the trials had a protocol, so it was not clear how participants were assigned to treatment groups. One trial did not describe how it was done, so we were not able to assess the risk of bias in this trial. All three trials were judged to be at low risk of systematic error (i.e. play of chance). We did not perform a meta-analytic (combining) of the three trials due to differences in the types of participants and interventions across the trials. The primary outcome, mean change of visual field from baseline at one year, was not reported in any of the studies. No adverse events were reported in these three trials. No trial found that the progression of loss of the visual field or the mean change in the ERG amplitudes was different in the groups of people who were treated with the vitamin A or DHA compared to those who were not. Based on the results of three trials, there is no clear evidence for benefit of the use of the two types of supplements in terms of the change in vision from baseline to five years of follow-up. No side-effects were found in these trials. In the one trial that did find that some subgroups of the treatment group had a greater ERG increase than the other groups, but these results have not been found by other than in the other trials.
We included three RCTs with a total of 414 participants at risk of job loss. The majority of participants had IA, most with RA and to a lesser degree AS, and all had rheumatoid arthritis. The interventions aimed to prevent job loss and improve work functioning in several ways: firstly by assessing work changes or changes in the work environment (e.g. changes to work procedures, changes to the way that work was done in the home or at work) and also by providing any type of person-directed intervention, such as help with skills training, advice or education. The duration or dose of the interventions ranged from two 1.5-hour sessions over five months, to six to eight individual or group sessions over six months, and the number of sick days in the first six months after the end of the trial. All participants were recruited through rheumopathies and had been in or out of hospitals. The evidence is up to date as of March 2015. We found very low quality evidence that job loss was reduced in both the large (n = 242) and the small (n= 140) trials, although the size of the effect was very wide. Of the two trials, the larger one reported a large reduction in job loss in both groups and the other had the same results. The latter one probably suffered from bias and we judged it to have a high risk of bias. The one trial investigating sick days found uncertain results at six months' follow-up. However, in the same trial, the same scale used to assess work functioning, there was a small improvement in the short term (i.e. six months) in those who were able to return to work after six months. We identified no adverse events in any of the three trials. Overall, we judged the quality of the evidence to be very low for all three of the outcomes. The main reasons for this were that there were only a few events in each of the trials and that we could not rule out that some of the results were due to chance.
We found three randomised studies that included a total of 285 preterm infants (140 of whom received arginine; the other 140 received placebo or no treatment) from three countries. We assessed the quality of evidence as good. We found that the risk of NEC (any stage) was reduced in preterm neonates who were treated with a single intravenous dose (arginine) from 27% to 89% compared with the control group (placebo) from 52% to 52% and from 87% in the placebo group (no treatment). The risk of death due to any cause was not different in the treatment or control groups from 42% to 79% among preterm preterm babies who had been treated with the intravenous treatment. The number needed to treat for an outcome (NNTB) as well as to prevent one case of NEC was 6 (95% CI 4 to 10). We found no differences in risk of development of NEC stage 1, stage 2 or stage 3 in the two groups of preterm newborns who had received the treatment compared with those who had not. Investigators found no significant side effects of the treatment, such as low blood pressure or changes in glucose homeostasis. Follow-up data from one of the three included trials revealed no difference in adverse events (cerebral palsy, cognitive delay, bilateral blindness or hearing loss requiring hearing aids) at 36 months of age. Limitations of the findings are that the number of infants included in the three trials was too small and that the results were based on a small number of newborns.
We found four trials involving 1943 adults with sinusitis. The trials were well-designed and double-blinded and compared INCS with placebo or no intervention for 15 or 21 days. The rates of loss to follow-up were 7%, 11%, 41% and 10%. When we combined the results from the three trials included in the meta-analysis, we found that people who received INCS were more than three times more likely to have their symptoms resolved or improved than those who received placebo (73% versus 66.4%). Higher doses of INCS had a stronger effect on improvement of symptoms or complete relief: for mometasone furoate 400 µg compared with 200 µg. There was no difference in the drop-out and recurrence rates for the two treatment groups and for groups in which INCS was used at a higher dose. No major adverse events were found and there was no clear difference in numbers of people who dropped out of the trial and those who had a recurrence of the disease. Current evidence is not strong enough to say whether INCS is a safe and well-treatable treatment for the acute sinus infection. Clinicians should weigh the benefits with the risk of minor adverse events.
We found that the use of prophylactic vancomycin reduced the risk of nosocomial sepsis in the neonate by 50% in the group of very low birth weight infants who were treated with low doses. The number of deaths and the length of time spent in hospital were not different in the two groups. The method of the trials may have contributed to the low rate of sepsise in the treated groups, as the blood cultures in the infusate may have failed to grow as the low levels of the drug were found in the blood. There was not enough evidence to be able to assess the risks of the development of resistant organisms in the nurseries involved in these trials.
This is an overview of the research on the use of dressers and dressers for wound healing after surgery. We found 13 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) on dressings or dressings for postoperative wounds. A plaster cast applied to an amputation stump was found to help the wound to heal more rapidly when placed in a plaster cast. There were no clear results for other dressing comparisons (e.g. gauze, foam, alginate; 11 trials). Gauze caused more pain than other dressers. Gauze was associated with significantly more pain for patients than other dressing options (4 trials). Patients treated with gauze were less satisfied and spent more time in hospital than those treated with other dressings (3 randomised, double-blind, quasi-randomised, non-blinded, placebo-controlled studies; 2 trials).  Gauze is inexpensive but its use is associated with more nursing time than foam (2 trials). The length of time spent in hospital did not change when gauze was used compared with foam (four trials). One trial found shorter length of hospital stay when plaster casts were applied to amputation stumps when elastic compression was used (one trial). We found only small, poor quality trials; the evidence is not strong enough to determine whether the choice of dressing or dressing has an effect on the healing of surgical wounds. Foam is best studied as an alternative for gauze and appears to be preferable as to pain reduction, patient satisfaction and nursing time.
In 2014, we found a new total of 11 randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, and quasi-randomized trials of birth control methods. Four of the trials were from the 1980s, six from 2005 to 2014, and three from the 1990s. They included 1482 women. Four trials looked at combined oral contraceptives (COCs) and three at a new method called the LNG-IUS, which is an intrauterine system (IUD). We found two trials of progestin-only pills (POPs), two of the etonogestrel-releasing implant, and one of the levonorgestrel implant. Older studies often lacked quantified results. Most trials did not show any clear differences between the study arms in the length of time women breastfed, the amount of breast milk, or the growth of the baby. For breast milk volume, two of eight trials showed that the COC method had a negative effect on lactation. A COC study showed a greater weight gain than no method for six weeks but less than depot medroxyprogesterone acetate (DMPA) from 6 to 12 weeks. Of four trials that assessed infant growth, three showed no differences in growth between groups. The others did not. The quality of evidence was low for three of four placebo-based trials of COCs or POPs. The other four studies did not report any differences in milk volume or size of the breast milk with two POPs, a COC, or an implant. Results were not consistent across the 11 trials. The evidence was limited for any particular hormonal method. The risk of bias was low overall and low for two of four study groups. For the remaining six trials, the evidence was of moderate to low quality.
We found 10 controlled before-after studies from Australia, Singapore and the USA that looked at the impact of red-light cameras on total and right-angle crash rates. We grouped them according to the extent to which they adjusted for regression to the mean (RTM) and spillover. Most of the studies did not adjust for RTM or spillover, which may have had an effect on their results. We found that the only study that did adjust for both reported a rate ratio of 0.71 (95% CI to 0.55, 0.93). For three of the five studies that did not make any changes, the rate was 0.87; one that made no changes had a rate of 080; and the pooled rate from the five trials with no changes was 074. Red-light camera use was found to be effective in reducing the total number of total crashes and the rate of right-angles (crashes at right angles to the line of the road) in all but one of the 10 studies. The evidence is less clear on the effect of cameras on other types of crash, where the play of chance may be the cause. Larger and better studies are needed.
Warfarin is an anticoagulant that is used to treat blood clots in veins. It is thought to reduce the risk of arterial thromboembolism (blood clots forming in the veins) and to help the blood clot to break free from the clot and clot again. Warfarin can also be used to prevent blood clotting in the legs and feet. The aim of this review was to determine the best dose of warfarin to give to patients with acute venous thrombophlebitis (a blood clot in the leg) aged 18 years or older. We found four randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials (RCTs) involving 494 participants. Three RCTs, with a total of 383 patients, compared a 10-mg warfarins with a 5-mg loading dose. One RCT, which was performed in both inpatients and outpatients, showed that patients who received a 5 mg dose achieved an INR of 2.0 to 3.0 on the fifth day of treatment. The number of patients who achieved this level of INR with the 5 mg loading dose was similar to that achieved with the 10 mg dose. However, the number needed to treat for one patient to achieve the INR was four in the 5mg dose and five in the 10mg dose. A fourth RCT compared both a 5mg and a 10 mg warfarine dose and showed that there was no difference in INR at 90 days between the two doses. No difference was observed in the number of people who had a blood clotted at 14 to 90 days when the warfarines of 10 mg and 5 mg were compared with those of 5 mg. There was no evidence that either dose was better or worse than the other in terms of bleeding at 14 or 90 days, or in length of time spent in hospital. The quality of the evidence was rated as low or very low for all outcomes. This is due to differences in the types of patients included in the studies and the length of follow-up.
We found that some of the models of enhanced care and care used in the trials may reduce the risk of delirium and the length of time spent in hospital for people with dementia who have been treated for a hip fracture. We found that geriatrician-led care in-hospital may lead to shorter length of stay in hospital, and there was low- to very low-certainty that enhanced care led by an orthopaedic team may reduce rates of post-surgery delirum and some other complications. However, the certainty of these results is low. There were no data from any of the trials for our other main outcome, health-related quality of life, and we were not able to draw any conclusions from these results. The certainty of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes, which means that we are uncertain about the accuracy of the results. We considered all trials to be at high risk of bias in more than one area, and as subgroups of larger trials, the analyses lacked power to show whether or not there were differences between the intervention groups.
We found that home-based nursing services reduce the length of time spent in hospital for children with a range of acute and long-term illnesses. There was no reduction in the number of children who had to be readmitted to hospital, nor was there a change in the rate of admission to hospital for any of the outcomes assessed. Home care was reported to be more costly for service providers with substantial cost savings for the family in two of the studies, while in one study no cost savings were found. However, there was a reduction in parental anxiety and improvement in child behaviour was reported in three of the trials. Also, parental satisfaction was found to be increased in three studies. There were no clear benefits for the child or family in terms of parental burden of care or on the quality of life of the children. Home-based care does not reduce the need for a child to be admitted to hospital and there was no change in hospital readmission rates. Further research is needed to assess the impact of home care on children's health, satisfaction, use of services and costs.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared ICM with non-ICM or with no ICM in adults with schizophrenia. We found 40 RCTs with 7524 adults with a mean age of over 60 years of age. The evidence is up to date as of February 2016. The review found that ICM may reduce the number of days spent in hospital per month and the risk of death by suicide. ICM probably makes little or no difference in the average time spent in the hospital or in the numbers of people who are admitted to hospital. However, the results showed that there may be a benefit of ICM on the rate of people leaving the trial early and that there is a risk of fewer deaths by suicide if ICM is used. There was very low- to low-quality evidence that there was no difference between ICM and non-ICS in terms of the rates of unemployment. The quality of evidence was low or very low for adverse events, and very low or low for social functioning. The results of the meta-regression showed that the more ICM adheres to the ACT model, the better it is at decreasing time in hospital, and that the higher the baseline hospital use in the population, the greater the reduction in time in the ICM. Combining both these variables within the model, we found that 'organisation fidelity' is no longer important, but the 'baseline hospital use' result still has an impact on time in a patient’s stay in hospital. The majority of studies had a high risk of bias, which means that some of the results may not be valid.
Twenty-five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) were included in this review. All but one trial was at high risk of bias (ie, there was a chance of bias due to play of chance) and all but one was at risk of systematic error (play of chance), which can lead to overestimation of benefits and under-estimation of harms of the intervention. Overall, 16 RCTs (464 adult trainees) compared box training (248 adults) with no supplementary training (216 adults) in trainees with no previous laparoscopy experience. All the 16 trials in this comparison used video trainers. There were no trials comparing box models with animal models or cadaveric models. Eight trials (249 adults) showed that the time to complete the task in the box training group was 0.48 seconds shorter than the time for the control group. The time taken for the task to be completed was 3.79 seconds in one trial (36 adults) and 3.7 seconds in the other trials. Three trials (69 adults) found that the box trainees had a significantly lower error score, and a significantly better accuracy score, than those in the group that did not have box training. Three of the trials (22 adults) reported movement distance but could not be meta-analysed as they were not in a format for meta-analysis. There was no difference between the two groups in any of the other comparisons. None of the remaining outcomes such as death or morbidity were reported in the trials when animal models were used for assessment of training, error in movements, and trainee satisfaction. One of the 14 trials (382 adults) looked at different types of box training and found that one type of box trainee was found to be faster than the other in the time taken to perform the task. The other three trials found no clear advantage of one method over the other. The results of this review are threatened by both risks of systematic errors (bias) and risks of playing of chance (random errors). Laparoscopic box model training appears to improve the technical skills of trainees who have never had laparoscopic surgery compared with no training. The impacts of this decreased time on patients and healthcare funders in terms of improved outcomes or decreased costs are not known. There appears to be no differences in the quality of life of the trainees.
We found that the use of peroral glucocorticosteroids in patients with primary sclerosing cholangitis is not proven to be safe or well-treatable. The application of corticostoids via nasobiliary tube seems to cause a wide range of adverse events, including pancreatitis, pancreatitis and pancreatitis with septicaemia.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effect of the time of feeding (early or late) on the risk of death and the number of days that people lived or were able to walk. Seven of the 11 trials (284 adults) looked at this question and found that people who had been fed early were at a lower risk of dying than those who were fed later. Five of the trials (207 adults) compared parenteral versus ental nutrition and five of the studies (207 people) compared gastric (stomach) and bowel (joints) feeds. One trial (53 adults) also looked at gastric and bowel feeding, there were no deaths in the gastric group and the other trials did not provide information on the bowel group. This review suggests that early feeding may be associated with a trend towards better outcomes in terms of survival and disability. More research is needed to find out if this is the case.
We found 57 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that randomised a total of 34,390 adults (aged 18 years and over) who were randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups. The RCTs included a range of different types of digital and face-to-face interventions. The main sources of bias were from attrition from the study and from the fact that participants knew which group they were in (e.g. by the time they left the study). Forty one studies (42 comparisons, 19,241 adults) provided data for the primary meta-analysis, which showed that participants who used a digital intervention drank about 3 UK units less per week less than participants who did not take part in the intervention. Fifteen studies (16 comparisons, 10,862 adults) showed that people who took part in digital interventions had less than one drinking day per month less than people who received no intervention, 15 studies (3587 participants) showed about one binge-drinking session less per month in the treatment group compared to people who were not in the control group, and in 15 trials (9791 adults) participants who were in the study group drank one unit per occasion less than those in the group that was not in a control group. Only five studies (390 adults) compared the effects of the digital and the other interventions. There was no difference in alcohol consumption at end of follow up between the groups. Thus, there was no evidence that there was a difference in the amount of alcohol consumed by the groups in these studies. The BCTs of goal setting, problem solving, information about antecedents, behaviour change and credible source were found to be associated with a greater reduction in the number of drinks consumed than the control groups. However, there may be little or no effect on alcohol consumption when compared to those who were put in the groups that were put into the other intervention groups. No studies reported whether any adverse events were caused by the use of the interventions. A median of nine studies were used in experimental arms (range = 1 to 22). A BCT is an experiment in which participants are put in groups at random, and the intervention is compared to a group that did not receive the treatment. A 'B' is an estimate of effect (MD in quantity of drinking, expressed in g/week) per unit increase in the BCT, and is a way to report whether the effect of the intervention was linked to the effect on the study participants. In a multivariable model that used a 'BCTs with B > 23' method, people who had a BCT were more than twice as likely to drink less (95% CI -162.90 to -27.34) than those who had no BCT. In the unadjusted model, those who consumed less than 23 g of alcohol per week were more likely to consume less than three UK standard drinks per week. This means that the average reduction in drinking was about three UK units per week for people who consumed up to three (UK) standard drinks in a week in the experimental arms compared to the control arms. The evidence is up to date as of March 2015. The most frequently mentioned theories or models in the studies were Motivational Interviewing Theory (7/20), Transtheoretical Model (6/20) and Social Norms Theory (6.20). Over half of the trials (21, 51%) made no mention of theory. Only two of the studies used the theory to choose participants or tailor the treatment to the participant's needs. We found no evidence of an impact of the theory use on the results. Overall, there is moderate-quality evidence that using a computer-based approach to reduce alcohol use in adults aged 18 years or over
We found 24 studies with a total of 4233 participants. A total of 2124 participants were randomised to benzodiazepine and 1475 to placebo in two- and three-arm trials. The remaining 634 participants were randomized to other treatments in three-armed trials. We assessed the quality of the evidence as low. We found that the number of people who had a response to the treatment was 1.65 times more in favour of the treatment group (i.e. people who improved in the short-term) compared to the control group. The dropout rate was 6% lower in the people who were treated with benzodiazine than in the group treated with placebo. The number of participants who dropped out of the studies due to side-effects was 8% higher in the participants who received benzodizine compared to those who received placebo. However, our analyses of side-side-effects showed that a higher percentage of the people treated with the drugs had at least one side-effect. We rated the evidence for the other outcomes as of very low quality. With the exception of the analyses of the change score data for depression and social functioning, all other outcomes showed an advantage of the drugs compared to placebo. Therefore, the clinician's choice is not a choice made on the basis of whether or not people liked the drugs, but based on the results of the patients' preference. The choice of treatment should be guided by the patient's preference and should balance benefits and harms from treatment in a long-term perspective.
We found 13 randomised controlled trials (1520 adults) comparing tai chi with no intervention in people at high risk of CVD (e.g. heart disease, stroke or stroke-causing heart attacks and strokes) or those at low risk of heart disease or stroke due to risk factors such as high blood pressure, high cholesterol, high blood lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) and triglycerides (a type of lipid that is thought to increase the risk of stroke and heart attack and stroke). Most of the studies were short term (all had a follow-up of one year or less) and there was a wide range of risk factors for CVD risk. There was not enough information to be able to draw conclusions about the effect of tai Chi on cardiovascular risk, all-cause deaths, non-fatal events or death from any cause. Tai chi may reduce blood pressure and lipid levels, but there was no clear evidence of a reduction in total cholesterol, LDL-C or triglycerides. Quality of life was assessed in one trial: tai chans improved in all three groups at three months. None of the included trials reported on adverse events, costs or the occurrence of type 2 diabetes. There are no long-term randomised trials examining taichi for the prevention of cardiovascular risk factors.
Twenty-seven RCTs were included. The interventions were very heterogeneous in the components of the intervention, the other risk behaviours targeted alongside tobacco, the age of the children at baseline and the length of follow-up. Only one of the interventions was tested by only one RCT, and the other 20 interventions were only tested by one study. Twenty-three interventions were tested in the USA, two in Europe, one in Australia and one in India. The control conditions fell into two main groups: no intervention or usual care; or school-based programmes that provided to all the children. These two groups of studies were considered separately. Most studies had a judgement of 'unclear' for at least one risk of bias, so the quality of evidence was downgraded to moderate. We were able to extract data from all studies in a format that could be combined in a meta-analysis, but we were not able to do this for eight studies with about 5000 adults and five with about 18,500 teenagers. We found that there was evidence that family-based interventions reduced the number of non-smokers who started to smoke compared to a control group that did not receive any intervention. We also found that some of the 4487 children who had not smoked at the start of the study had already smoked at baseline. We did not find that there were any side effects of the programmes. There were more studies of high intensity programmes than there were for other compairsons. The evidence is strongest for high intensity interventions, which are often carried out in the same way as school programmes, and are aimed at the whole-child programmes. Most of the studies used a combination of a school 'good behaviour' programme and a home-based programme. One RCT compared a combined family plus school intervention to a school programme only. It did not show that either of these types of programmes had an effect. No adverse events were found. Based on this evidence, we would expect that a family intervention might reduce the chances of a child starting to smoke by 16% to 32%. However, we could not be sure of this estimate due to the lack of information from all the studies. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing corticosteroids to placebo in a total of 451 adults with non-cancerous tumours of the head and neck. Two of the studies (127 adults) compared dexamethasone to placebo, and the third (280 adults) looked at a range of other corticostimulants (drugs used to treat pain and nausea) in patients with cancer not related to surgery or surgery. The studies lasted from seven days to 14 days. We found that the use of corticogenic drugs to treat nausea and vomiting in adult cancer patients with no known cause was no more or less effective than placebo. Corticosteroid drugs did not cause any side-effects, and were well-tolerated. However, the number of patients included in the studies was small, and there was a lack of information about the best way to measure nausea. Therefore, we were not able to conclude whether or not corticopramide was effective in this group of patients. The quality of the evidence was very low due to imprecision, small study size, and risk of bias due to the small size of the trials.
We found 10 RCTs of high-risk children who were at high risk of LRTIs. Three of these were in HIV-infected children (n = 1345), four in cystic fibrosis, four in sickle cell disease and one in cancer. The other three were in cancer and low birth weight neonates with underlying lung problems. The length of follow-up ranged from seven days to three years. We were not able to assess the risk of bias in two of the studies due to lack of data. We found that there was no difference in the number of children who died from any cause with the use of isoniazid or co-trimoxazole (antibiotics), azithromycin or ciprofloxacin, or both. There was an increased risk of the emergence of pathogenic strains of Pseudomonas aeruginosa (a bacterium that causes lung disease) in children with HIV infection. In the one study of children with sickle cells, a lower risk of pneumococcal septicaemia was reported with penicillin V prophylactics. In one study, there was a decrease in the rates of admission to hospital in the first year of the study. We did not find an increase in the rate of adverse events due to use of these drugs, but there was not enough data to draw conclusions about the risks of increased resistance to the drugs. The quality of the evidence from the 10 included trials was moderate.
We found nine RCTs, randomising 519 adults (aged 18 years and over) who had had surgery to open up the abdomen. The trials compared the use of nitrous oxide, helium, or room air for establishing pneumoperitoneum. Three of the trials were at low risk of bias. None of the other trials were of high risk of systematic error (i.e. play of chance). Three trials randomised participants to nitrous oxide (100 adults) or carbon dioxide (96 adults) and four to room air (69 adults). One trial did not state the number of participants in each group. The quality of the evidence was very low. There was not enough evidence to conclude whether or not there were any complications (cardiopulmonary, heart, lung, or other organs) or complications due to surgery or complications related to the lungs or the heart in the trials. There were no serious adverse events in the studies. We could not combine the data from the three trials (140 adults) which showed that there was less pain on the first day after surgery with room air compared with the other gases. One trial (76 adults) compared room air to carbon dioxide and found that room air may reduce the cost of the surgery by about half a centimetre. One study (70 adults) found that there were no complications or adverse events due to either room air or the other gas in the first week after surgery. The evidence of less pain during the first postoperative day with the room air group was rated as very low to very low quality. The results of the one trial comparing room air and carbon dioxide were not clear enough to draw conclusions about the safety of using room air in people undergoing laparoscopy or caesarean surgery. There is no evidence to determine whether there are any problems due to using nitrous or other gases for the formation of pneumopoietinum. Evidence from one trial of a very small number of people suggests that use of room air reduces hospital costs in people having laparoscopic abdominal surgery. Further trials on this topic are needed, and should compare other gases (nitrous, air, argon, nitrogen, and room air) with standard pressure (pneumopoiesis) and use cold gas insufflation for people at high anaesthetic risk.
We found 14 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) investigating the use of dexamethasone in preterm infants. Eight of these RCTs compared a high versus a low dose of corticosteroid and five compared a low versus a moderate dose. Analysis of the trials showed that there was an increased risk of BPD when the low dose was used compared to the high dose. There was no difference in the risk of death or BPD and there was no effect on the long-term effects of the corticostimulant on the brain. Four other trials compared the rates of death and BPD with either a high or a high dose of steroid and showed no differences in the outcomes. The other four trials, which involved 762 preterm babies, looked at whether the treatment was started too soon or too late. The two trials that looked at a continuous versus a pulse therapy showed an increase of the combined risk of the BPD outcome when the pulse therapy was used. Finally, the trials that compared a standard versus an individualized course of cortics showed no effects on the outcomes in the short and long term. The quality of evidence for all comparisons was assessed as low or very low, because the quality of the studies was limited by the small number of infants in each of the comparisons, the heterogeneity in the study populations, the non-protocolized use of ‘rescue’ corticoid therapy, and lack of long term outcomes in most studies.
This review found that there was no difference in risk of heart disease after one year when corticosteroids (prednisone, hydrocortisone, dexamethasone, prednisone and intravenous immunoglobulins) were used to treat patients with acute rheumatic fever compared with aspirin. However, the age of the trials was too old and the risk of bias was too high, so results should be viewed with caution. There is a need for new trials in this area.
We found six studies with a total of 12,294 participants from 79 communities. Two of the studies found that the use of an insecticide spray reduced the incidence of trachoma by at least 55% to 61% when compared to no intervention. One of the other trials found that latrine provision reduced the number of flies in the latrine by 29.5%, but this result has not been confirmed by a more recent study. Health education was shown to reduce the risk of trachesoma in one of the trials, but this was not shown in the other. All the studies had some flaws in the way they were carried out and all had a high risk of bias.
We found 15 studies (1043 CFS patients) comparing CBT with usual care and other treatments. CBT was found to be better than usual care in reducing the symptoms of tiredness at the end of treatment, and may be more effective than other treatments, but the results at follow-up were inconsistent. There is a lack of evidence on the effectiveness of CBT alone or in addition to other treatments for tiredness in people with CFS.
We found one randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial (a type of study in which people are put into one of two or more treatment groups at random) with a total of 46 adults and children with sickle cell disease. The participants were randomised to receive either vitamin D3 (cholecalciferol) (n = 20) or a fake drug (placebo) for six weeks and were followed up for six months. The vitamin D group had a higher serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) levels at eight weeks, at 16 weeks, and at 24 weeks. There was no difference of adverse events (tingling of lips or hands) between the vitamin D and placebo groups, but the quality of the evidence was low. People in the placebo group had more pain days (days with more than one day of pain per week) than those in the vitamin group, but this was not clear at the end of the six-week follow-up period. The quality of evidence was moderate for quality of life, but low for pain days and health-based health-type scores. The evidence is up to date as of March 2016. We found only one low-quality study which had a high risk of bias with regards to the way in which the study was done. Therefore, we consider that the evidence is not of good enough to guide clinical practice. Until further good quality, well-designed, randomised studies are carried out, health care providers should be aware of existing guidelines for the use of calcium and vitamin D in children and adults.
We found only one RCT, which included 26 children aged 4 to 12 years, with mild to moderate CAS of unknown cause, who received one of the Nuffield Dyspraxia Programme-3 (NDP-3) or the Rapid Syllable Transitions Treatment (ReST) therapies. Treatments were given intensively in one-hour sessions four days a week for three weeks in a university clinic in Australia. Speech and language pathologist-trained speech and language students delivered the treatments in the English language. Outcomes were assessed before, after and at one month post-therapy. Both the NDP-3 and ReST were found to be effective in children with CAS aged 4- to 12-year-old. We are not able to say whether one treatment is better than the other due to imprecision of the results, as there was only one randomised, double-blind, quasi-randomised trial. A number of children in each group had returned to their usual care by the time of the end of treatment (up to four months post-treatment) and thus this time point was not analysed in this review. Speech production consistency, which is a test of how well a child's speech sounds when compared to that of a non-child, was better with the ReST therapy than with the NDP therapy, as was accuracy of production on treated and non-treatable words, and accuracy of connected speech. The study did not assess the impact of the treatment on the child's ability to communicate. We judged all core outcome domains to be low risk of bias, and we judged the quality of the evidence to be moderate due to the small size of the RCT and the fact that only one study was found. No formal analysis was done by the original authors of the study, and so we are not sure whether one therapy is superior to the other. No studies have been done in other age ranges and populations with CAS and with co-occurring disorders. Further RCTs are needed.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that randomised a total of 268 adults and children with toxoplasma retinochoroiditis of any age and any part of the retina to treatment with antibiotics or to placebo (fake treatment). All four of the RCTs took place in Brazil. One RCT in Brazil compared trimethoprim-sulfamexacocol (antibiotics) to no treatment and was judged to be at high risk of bias due to lack of information about how the trial was carried out. The other three trials in the UK and US evaluated pyrimethamine-trisulfapyrimidine for four weeks. One study in the US in adults and one in Brazil in both adults and adults looked at pyrmethamine for 12 months. In the last study, all patients had active toxoplasmosis and were treated with antibiotics for 45 days prior to randomised to the treatment group. We judged these three studies to be of low or unclear quality due to poor reporting. Only the study in Brazil looked at the effect of the treatment on visual acuity. It found that there may have been a similar change in vision at one year in those who had been treated with the antibiotics compared with those who were not. Treatment with antibiotics probably reduces the risk of developing a new infection in the retina compared with placebo. There was no evidence that this led to any improvement in the quality of life of people with retinoiditis, but there is currently no good data to show that this leads to any benefit in terms of improvement in vision. Two of the studies (UK and US) reported an increased risk of adverse events in treated participants. These were a fall in haemoglobin, leucocyte, platelet count, and platelet counts, nausea, loss of appetite, rash, and arthralgia (inflammation of the arches of the back of the eye). In the US and UK studies, there was an increase in the severity of inflammation in the control group when compared to the group that was treated with an antifungal medication. In Brazil, all participants had been in the first treatment group for at least 45 days and were in the second group for no longer than one year. In both UK and UK trials, all people in the treatment groups had inflammation of the eyes by the end of the first week of the trial. The US study showed that the inflammation had resolved by eight weeks in all patients in both groups, but in this case all patients received steroid treatment. There is not yet good evidence that the use of antibiotics leads to a benefit in the long-term health of those who have had toxoplasmal retinoids in the eye. Further large, well-designed, randomised, and well-conducted trials are required to determine the effects of antibiotic treatment on vision. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017.
We found 43 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of other nail versus extramedullary implant comparisons for trochanteric fractures. Twenty-two RCTs (3749 participants) compared the Gamma nail with the sliding hip screw (SHS). The Gamma nail was associated with an increased risk of operative and later fracture of the femur and an increased reoperations rate. There were no differences between the two types of implants in wound infection, mortality or the length of time that the patient spent in hospital. Five trials (623 participants) found that the hip screw was more likely to cause a fracture in the bone and to cause more post-operative problems. The SHS did not cause more problems than the other types of implant. Three trials (394 participants) showed no benefit from the submuscle nail (PFN) compared with the SHS. None of the 10 trials (1491 participants) that looked at other nail and plate comparisons for non-rotanteric (non-fracture) fractures were large or of high quality. The submussel nail appeared to heal more quickly than the fixed nail plates.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and found 22 RCTs that met our criteria, but only one of these was included in the review. This included 47 women who received either palliative surgery (n = 27) or treatment with the drug, Octreotide, for bowel obstruction in ovarian cancer. Women with poor health were excluded from surgery. Although six (22%) of women who had surgery had complications of the surgery and three (11%) died of complications, women who underwent surgery lived for a longer time after surgery than those who received treatment with a drug called octreotide. However, the size of this effect was not reported and the quality of the evidence was low. There was no information about the effect of surgery on quality of life or side effects of surgery. Therefore, we were not able to draw any firm conclusions about the best way to treat women with this type of cancer, or to identify subgroups of patients who are likely to benefit from one treatment or the other.
The aim of this Cochrane review was to assess the effectiveness and safety of statins in women with PCOS. Four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) were included in the review. A total of 244 participants were randomised in the included RCTs. There was no good evidence that statins improved the number of times a month that a woman had a period, or the rate of ovulation, or hirsutism or acne when used alone or with the combined birth control pill (OCP). Nor was there any evidence that there was any effect on body mass index (BMI) or body fat (kg/m²). Statins were found to be effective in reducing the levels of testosterone in the blood when used with the OCP, but there was no evidence that they improved the resumption of regularity of the period or spontaneous ovulation. There is a need for further research to be performed with large sample sizes and well-designed RCTS to assess clinical outcomes.
We found no evidence from controlled trials to support or refute the use of any of the interventions for palliative control of vaginal bleeding in women with cervical cancer. There is a need for a large, well-designed, randomised controlled trial to assess the benefits and risks of pablative treatments for the control of bleeding in the vagina in patients with cancer. The choice of treatment will be based on local resources.
This review found that temozolomide increased the time to death from the tumour and the time that it took for the tumours to progress to the next stage of the disease when compared with no treatment. In patients with GBM, it did not increase the risk of dying but it did delay the time taken for the cancer to get worse. In HGG, there was no change in the time until the cancer got worse but there was an increased risk of adverse events. In the elderly, the survival of patients with HGG was similar to that of the HGG group but there were more adverse events in the elderly group.
We found that there is low quality evidence that contracting-in may improve health care access and use and that training of health care managers (e.g., in-service workshops with on-site support) may improve their performance. However, there is no evidence that it has an effect on the health outcomes of the population. There is not enough evidence to support the use of these types of programs to help managers of health systems to retain their jobs. Other interventions that might be a good way to help health system managers to keep their jobs, such as training them, as well as providing them with training, have not been adequately investigated.
We found three studies that involved 123 adults who had been on a ventilator for at least 24 hours. All three of the studies were performed in the ICU of a tertiary hospital in the USA. The participants were adults who were at high risk of any of the following: heart disease, lung disease, and infection. The age of participants ranged from 18 to 80 years old, and the mean age of patients ranged from 55 to 73 years old. All studies were funded by the same sources: the hospital, the health care provider, or both. There was no clear effect of surgery on the risk of death. Out of the 123 people randomized and treated, six people died; the causes of death were pneumonia, lung embolism, mediastinitis, and septic shock. The risk of chest pain, chest tightness, bodily pain, and side effects were each measured in one of the three studies. The length of time spent in hospital was measured in the other two studies. We found that surgery was better than non-surgical management in reducing the number of deaths, chest deformity, tracheostomy (a device that opens up the airway to help air to pass from the lungs to the lungs), and the length of stay in hospital. However, there were not enough people in the studies to be sure that this was the case. Further well-designed, large-scale, well-planned, and well-conducted studies are required to confirm these results and to find out if surgery has an effect on death.
We found 50 trials (19 RCTs and 31 before-and-after (two-year) and three- to 12-week) of cerivastatin in 12,877 adults who had their LDL cholesterol measured. The participants were of any age with and without heart disease and the trials were of three to 12 weeks in length. We found that the risk of people dropping out of these short-term trials due to side-effects was not different between people who had taken the drug and those who had a fake drug (placebo) in 11 of 19 trials. The risk of taking the drug was 8% to 28% in people who took the fake drug and 9% to 21% in those who did not take the drug. When we looked at the dose range of 0.025 mg to 0.8 mg, we found that people took the drug about the same as they took the real drug. This means that the drug lowered cholesterol by 11.0% to 40.8% and the cholesterol in the blood was reduced by 8.0%, the blood lipids and the triglycerides (fatty acids) by 9% and 9%, which is the most common type of lipid found in the body. There was no reduction in the amount of HDL (good cholesterol) by 5%, but overall there was a 5% increase in HDL (cholesterolems) by the end of the trial. We did not have a good estimate of harms from the drug because of the short duration of the trials and the lack of reporting of harms. We judged the certainty of evidence for these effects to be high. There is a high risk of bias for the outcome withdrawals due to adverse events, but a low risk for the lipid measurements.
We found 28 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that randomised a total of 6851 patients to either remote ischaemic preconditioning by iliac clamping or no intervention. We found that the risk of bias was unclear to low for most of the RCTs. The evidence is up to date as of March 2016. We did not find any evidence that the use of the cuff by clamping reduced the need for dialysis, the length of time patients spent in hospital, or all-cause death. It is uncertain whether the cuff clamping method leads to more adverse events compared to no clamping, as the certainty of the evidence is low. The risk of serious adverse events was low in four of the 15 studies that assessed this method. Compared to control, the need to have dialysis was not reduced, nor was the number of days spent in the hospital. The number of people who died was not increased in the group that had the cuff clamped, and there was no evidence that there was an increased risk of acute ischaemia injury. The use of a cuff clamp is safe, and probably leads to little or no difference in serum creatinine, adverse events, need for treatment, length of hospital stay, death and in the incidence of acute injury to the kidneys. The quality of evidence was high for all of the outcomes except for length of stay in hospital which was moderate to high.
We found 12 randomised, double-blind, quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 703 people with stroke. Eight of the 12 RCTs looked at the effect of medicines to treat fatigue after stroke, of which six of these (fluoxetine, enerion, (-)-OSU6162, citicoline and a combination of Chinese herbs) and two other non-medicine-based interventions (two non-drug interventions and a mindfulness-based stress reduction programme). There was no evidence that any of these interventions were of benefit in reducing the severity of tiredness after stroke. No RCT looked at whether there was any effect on the risk of dying from stroke. Trials to date have been small and heterogeneous, and some have been at a high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way in which participants were allocated to treatment groups). Some of the interventions described were feasible in patients with stroke, but their efficacy should be assessed in larger, well-designed, high-quality RCTS with adequate sample sizes.
We found three randomised controlled trials, enrolling 74 preterm infants (outcome data available on 71 infants), that compared the use of insulin and glucose with rectal cation-resin in preterm babies with high blood pressure (hyperkalaemia) that was not caused by a blood clot in the brain. One of the trials (Malone 1991) showed that the combination of the treatment with insulin and the rectal resin reduced the risk of death from all cause. The other trials (Hu 1999 and Singh 2002) found that albuterol inhalation was better than saline (salty) inhalation in reducing serum K+ from four hours to eight hours after the start of treatment. No differences were found between the two treatment groups in the other trials. No serious side effects were noted with either the treatment or the other treatments. The trials were very small with a mean age of just over one month and a median follow-up of less than three months. It is not possible to draw conclusions about the effectiveness of any of the interventions in this group of preterm newborns. More research is required.
This is an update of a previous Cochrane review that showed that PE hastens recovery compared with supportive care alone. In this review, we found that IVIg is as effective as PE but does not appear to be as good or as safe. There are no trials in adults, but this review shows that, in patients with severe disease, IVIG given more than two weeks from the onset of the disease hastens the recovery as much as PE. There is no clear difference in the risk of adverse events between the two treatments. Also, according to moderate to low risk of bias, there is little or no benefit from giving intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIg) after PE compared with PE alone. The evidence is up to date as of July 2013.
We found 28 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving a total of 9330 adults and children. In 21 of the 28 RCTs, 7597 adults and girls were randomised to a high or a routine fraction of oxygen. In trials with a low risk of bias, the risk of dying from any cause was not increased by the use of a high amount of oxygen in the first 30 days after surgery (GRADE: low) or within 30 days of follow-up (Peto OR 0.99, 95% CI 0.61 to 1.60; GRADE quality according to GRADE). The risk of death was not decreased by a high dose of oxygen compared with a routine dose. Similarly, there was no evidence that a high oxygen dose was linked to an increased risk of serious adverse events or length of time spent in hospital. In the trials that used pre-antibiotics prior to surgery, we did not find an increase in the number of surgical site infections. We judged the quality of evidence to be low or very low for all of the outcomes, as there were weaknesses in the methods used in the trials and there were not large numbers of people who dropped out of the trials.
We found 25 randomised trials (3663 children) that compared the use of oral antibiotics to treat children up to 16 years of age with OME. We found that children treated with antibiotics were more than twice as likely to have their OME resolved by the end of two to three months compared with those who were not. We also found that these children were more likely to be free of diarrhoea, vomiting and skin rash. We did not find any clear effects on short-term hearing, speech, language or brain and we did not see an effect on the need for a tube to be placed in the child's ear to be kept open. However, we did find that there were fewer episodes of acute otitis media episodes in the first four to eight weeks after treatment (five trials, 1086 children) and within six months (two trials, 199 children) when we excluded high-risk of bias (studies with high risk of bias). We found no data on other important outcomes such as speech, skills in speech and language, language and brain development or quality of life. We assessed most of the trials as being at low to low risk of systematic error (ie, there was a chance of arriving at wrong conclusions because of the way that the trial was run and the way in which it was carried out) and we judged that the methods used in the trials were of high to low quality. We concluded that there is a need for more research in this area.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of low-pregnant adults with both type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus who were followed up for at least six months. We found that the LPDs appeared to be no better or worse than the control groups in terms of the rate of decline of the glomerular filtration rate (GFR) in patients with type 1 diabetes. For type 2 diabetics, one RCT showed a small decrease in the GFR in the protein-restricted group and the other found a similar decline in both the intervention and control groups. We did not find any data on the effects of protein restriction on health-related quality of life and costs.
We found 19 studies involving 3480 adults with ABI with a mean age of between 18 and 74 years of age. Twelve of the studies were of high quality and the other seven were of low or very low. Most of the participants had mild brain injury, and most had been in hospital for less than 24 hours. Most studies were carried out in the USA, with one in the UK and one each in Australia, Brazil, France, Greece, Italy, Japan, the Netherlands, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, the UK, the USA and the UK. In the subgroup of people with mild brain injuries,'strong evidence' showed that most people made a good recovery when the right advice and information was given, and there was no need for the use of more specific treatments. For people with moderate to severe brain injury who were already in hospital, intensive rehabilitation programmes lead to improvements in function earlier than those who are still in hospital. For patients who are discharged from in-patient care, those who were not in hospital receive access to out-patient or community-based services that are appropriate to their needs. Group-based rehabilitation in a therapeutic milieu (where patients receive a range of treatments in a group of peers with the same challenges) is an effective approach for people with severe brain injuries. The balance between the benefits and harms of different types of treatment have yet to be determined. Not all questions in rehabilitation can be addressed by randomised controlled trials or other studies. For example, trial-based literature does not tell us which treatments work best for which patients over the long term, and which models of service represent value for money in the context of life-long care. In future, such questions will need to be considered in practice-based studies, which are based on evidence gathered from large, long-term trials.
We found one randomised trial (involving 176 women) comparing rooming-in versus mother-infant separation. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. We found no difference found between the two groups in the duration of any breastfeeding at six months of age. The rate of exclusive breastfeeding on day four postpartum (the first full day after birth) was 86% in the group of mothers who were roomed-in compared with 45% of those in the separate care group. The mean frequency of breastfeeds per day on the fourth day of life was 8.3 for the mothers in the control group, which was eight times per day more than for the group in which infants were breastfed at a fixed time (seven times a day) in the first week after birth. There was no evidence of a difference in the number of infants who were exclusively breastfed by the time of discharge from hospital. The number of women who breastfed their babies in the room was similar in both groups. None of our other pre-specified secondary outcomes were reported in the trial. Overall, we found no evidence to support or refute the practice of rooming in for the mother and the baby. Further well-designed RCTs are needed.
We found eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing sanchi with no treatment in 660 people with acute ischaemic stroke. Seven of the eight RCTs were of poor quality. Follow-up time was less than one month in six of the trials. The number of people who died or were dependent on others at the end of 28 days of treatment was significantly lower in people who had received schanchi than in those who received no treatment. Pooled analysis of seven of the studies showed that people who were treated with schi might have improved their symptoms of stroke more than those who were not. The total case fatality rate was lower than 1% and most of the participants had mild strokes. Few adverse events were reported. Data were limited in terms of the risk of recurrence of the stroke and quality of life.
This is an update of a Cochrane review that was first carried out in 2004. The search is up to date as of March 2014. The Cochrane Cochrane Oral Health Group carried out a wide search for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of the use of bone grafting for the immediate placement of dental implants in teeth that had been cut out and put back in place. They found 14 RCTs but only a few were of high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way the trial was run and the way it was run) and only a small amount of data were found. There is not enough evidence to decide whether any of the three types of implants are better or worse than the others. There was a suggestion that immediate and immediate-delayed implants may be at higher risks of implant failures and complications than delayed implants. On the other hand the aesthetic outcome might be better when placing implants just after teeth extraction.
We found that clioquinol (PBT1) is a drug that has been used to treat people with Alzheimer's disease for many years, but there is a lack of evidence as to whether this drug is of any benefit for patients with AD. There was no evidence that PBT1 was any better than placebo (fake drug) at any time point. However, after 12 weeks of treatment, PBT2 250 mg was found to be a safe and well-treatable drug in mild Alzheimer's dementia. There is a need for more research in this area. The planned phase III trial of PBT 1 has been abandoned and this drug has been withdrawn from development. We have some concerns about the quality of the study methodology; there was an imbalance in treatment and control groups after randomisation (participants in the active treatment group had a higher mean pre-morbid IQ) and the secondary analyses of results stratified by severity.
We included 36 studies with 2999 adults and children with a mean age of 18 years and a mean follow-up of 14 weeks. Nineteen of the trials included group 1 PAH and compared PDE5 inhibitors to placebo (fake drug) in those with PH due to lung disease or chronic thromboembolic (blood clots) disease. Eighteen of the 36 randomised, double-blind, quasi-randomised and quasi-transfertile (RCTs) trials were of high-certainty (i.e. we can trust them to be at least as good as the real thing) and included people with a range of ages and ages of all types of PAH. Trials were conducted for 14 weeks on average, with some as long as 12 months. There was an increased risk of adverse events with the use of these drugs, such as headache, stomach upset, flushing and muscle aches and joint pain. The risk of dying from any cause was 22% lower in those treated with these drugs compared to those on a fake drug (8 trials, 1119 people). There was a reduction in the risk of death in those on these drugs (2 trials, 36 people) and there was no evidence of a difference in the number of deaths in those who were treated with other PAH-specific drugs (4 trials, 509 people) compared to placebo. The number of people who were able to walk further in six minutes in 6MWD in those taking these drugs was 19.66 metres, and those on the same drugs walked 49 metres further than on a dummy drug (4 studies, 792 people). In those with left-heart-disease (PH-LHD) there was a reduced risk of walking further than those taking the same drug (3 trials, 285 participants) and those using the drug walked 34 metres further. There were no differences in the numbers of deaths between those who took the drug and those who did not (3 studies, 284 participants). There were limited data comparing PDE-inhibitors with other treatments for PAH, mainly endothelin-receptor (ERAs) drugs. Data were of low quality due to imprecision of effect and inconsistency across the trials. Sildenafil, tadalafil and vardenafil are all efficacious in this group of patients.
We included 22 trials involving a total of 2193 adults who had regional anaesthesia for hand, wrist, arm or elbow surgery. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2014. We found that the number of patients who did not have anaesthetised local anaesthesia after an axillary plexus block was reduced by the use of multiple injections. The time for block performance was shorter for a one-injection block than for a two-injector block and the time to readiness for surgery was no longer longer than the time it would have been if the block had been in place by the time of the first injection. There was no difference in the time taken for the block to be ready for surgery and there was no evidence that there were any serious side-effects. The quality of the evidence was high for all of the main outcomes. The risk of bias was low for most of the outcomes, but there were some areas where it was not clear whether participants knew which group they were in (e.g. when they received the injection and when they were put back in) and it was possible that some participants did not know which treatment they had received.
We found three studies that used beclomethasone 200 mcg twice a day in a dry powder called Diskhaler to treat children with mild-moderate asthma for 7-12 months. All three of these trials showed that the growth of the child with moderate-to-severe asthma decreased when they were treated with this inhaled steroid. However, it is not clear whether the decrease in growth is sustained or whether it reverses with 'catch up' after treatment is stopped. We are not able to comment on growth effects of other inhaled steroids that have potentially less systemic adverse events. If inhaled corticostimulants are required to control a child's asthma, we recommend using the minimum dose that is the best way to treat the child's symptoms and following growth closely.
This review found that APD does not differ from CAPD in terms of the number of deaths, risk of peritonitis, need for dialysis catheters to be removed, need to switch from one dialysis modality to the other, hernias, PD fluid leaks, removal of the PD catheter and admission to hospital. However, patients on APD may have more time for work, family and social activities than those on CAPD. There is a need for a large-scale randomised controlled trial comparing CAPD with APD.
This review found that CRT was superior to RT in terms of OS, PFS and SM in all but early stages (i.e. the first few months of treatment) of HD and that CT alone caused more SM than RT. For advanced stages (IIIA to IV) CRT seems to be better than RT but CT alone seems to cause less SM. Excess SM with RT is due mainly to ST and is apparently caused by greater need for surgery after RT.  RT alone gives a higher overall SM risk than CRT due to increased need for salvage therapy. Reduced SM risk after IF-RT instead of EF-RT could not be demonstrated.
We found 26 studies with 27 treatment groups that enrolled a total of 4893 participants. Opioids were given by mouth, transdermal, or intrathecally (through a vein). All three ways of giving the drugs resulted in a reduction in pain, but the amount of pain relief was not the same across studies. Many patients stopped taking the drugs due to side-effects (like nausea and headache) and were not able to continue long-term use of the drugs. Only 0.27% of those who took the drugs were found to be addicted to the drugs (i.e. dependent on the drugs for more than 24 hours a day), but this was a very rare event. We found that patients who were able to take the drugs long term were more than twice as likely to be able to cope with pain with the use of these drugs compared to those who did not take them. We could not draw conclusions about quality of life and function due to the lack of data.
We found only one trial with a total of 212 adults with spinal cord injury and open pressure ulcers. The participants were mainly male (98.2%, 106/108) with a mean age of 58.4 years in the oxandrolone group and were all male (100% and 104% in the placebo group) with an age of 57.3 years. The evidence is up to date as of March 2017. The study was stopped early when the trial found no benefit over placebo for the treatment of ulcers at the end of 24 weeks. There was very low-certainty (downgraded due to imprecision and lack of precision) certainty of the results on complete ulcer healing and adverse events. Thus, we are not able to draw any conclusions about the use of anabolic steroids in the healing of open and open-pressure ulcers in adults. We are also uncertain about the risk of serious adverse events as none were classed by the trial teams as being related to the anabolic steroid treatment. The trial did not report on other outcomes such as pain, length of time spent in hospital, change in wound size or wound surface area, incidence of different type of infection, cost of treatment and quality of life. Overall the evidence in this study was of very low quality (downgrades due to lack of accuracy and imprecise results). Further well-designed trials, at low risk of bias, are necessary to assess the effect of anabolites on treating pressure ulceration, but careful consideration of the current trial and its early termination are required when planning future research.
We found six randomised controlled trials involving 8372 people. Four of the six trials (8372 people) looked at the use of email compared to standard mail and the other trials looked at email in the same way as usual care. All of the trials were judged to be at high risk of bias (ie, there was a chance of bias in at least one aspect of the way they were carried out). For the health service outcome of uptake of preventive screening there was no difference between the groups. For both of the comparisons (email compared to usual care and email versus usual care only), patient health status and well-being were no better or worse in the groups that used email than in those that used standard mail. There was no evidence that there was any difference in patient or caregiver understanding and support. Results were inconclusive for patient or carers' behaviours and actions. No data were available for healthcare professionals or harms. The quality of the evidence was weak, and therefore not strong enough to guide clinical practice. Further research needs to use high-quality study designs that take advantage of the most up-to-date developments in technology.
We found 11 trials involving 855 participants. Nine of the trials used post-Epley postural restrictions as their modification of the Epley manoeuvre. There was no evidence of a difference in the results for post-treatment vertigo intensity or subjective assessment of improvement in patient-rated outcomes. Pooled data showed that there was a small improvement in the rate of conversion of the Dix-Hallpike test from a 'positive' to a 'disease-free' (diseased) state. In the control group 88.7% (220 out of 248) patients in the experimental group and 78.2% (219 out of 280) in the group in which no postural restriction was used, converted from a positive to a non-diseases-free state. No serious side-effects were found in the studies, but three of the studies did report some side effects such as neck stiffness, horizontal BPPV, dizziness and disequilibrium in some patients. There is no evidence that mastoid oscillation applied to the neck during the manoeuvre, or the use of an 'augmented' manoeuvre added after the end of the first stage, is of any benefit. No adverse effects were found. The review found that the addition of postural (postural) restrictions did not increase the risk of harm to the patient, and did not cause any harm to other aspects of the patient's life, such as sleepiness, neck stiffness or dizziness. The number of patients that need to be treated with the manoeuvres alone with the postures is 10 out of 100 with an NNT of 10.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving a total of 231 adults with chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps. The participants were adults over the age of 18 years of age with a mean age of about 40 years. All participants had a diagnosis of chronic rhino-rhino-noseitis (chronic rhinitis) of at least six months of age. The evidence is up to date as of March 2014. The four RCTs compared three types of surgery (two types of sinus surgery and one type of polypectomy) and three types and dosages of steroids (antibiotics and steroids) against each other. There were no differences between the groups in terms of the types of treatments and comparisons used in these studies. The studies did not show that one treatment was better than the others. The risk of complications was the same with both types of medical and surgery treatments. Epistaxis was the most common complication with both medical and surgical treatments, with severe complications reported rarely. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. As the quality of evidence was very low, we were not able to draw conclusions about the effectiveness of any of the comparisons in this review. More research is needed to find out which type of surgery is the best for adults with a chronic rhinusinusitis nasal polyp in the long term.
We found eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing foods fortified with zinc to foods that did not have zinc added to foods (known as unfortified foods) or to foods with other nutrients/factors (called'staple foods'). Seven of the eight RCTs were from the low- and middle-income countries of Asia, Africa, Europe, and Latin America, and the other four were from Latin America. The trials lasted from one to nine months. None of the studies in comparison 1 compared the effect of zinc-fortified staple foods with the same foods that were not fortified with zinc. Four of the trials looked at the effects of adding zinc to wheat flour (a staple food), and four looked at adding it to other micronutrients (micronutensors) to foods without zinc. We did not find that foods with zinc were any more or less likely to have low levels of zinc in the blood than foods with no added zinc. However, we did find that the risk of children being underweight and of being stunted was the same whether the foods were fortified with or not. A study of adding iron to iron-coated wheat flour did not show a reduction in the number of children who were underweight or were at risk of stunting. There was no evidence that the addition of iron to foods had an effect on children’s levels of iron or copper. We could not draw any conclusions about the impact of the fortified foods on other outcomes, such as the health of children and adults, or on the growth and development of children, and on the amount of haemoglobin in blood. The quality of evidence was low or very low for most of the outcomes.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 3060 men with metastatic prostate cancer who were randomised to either use of non-steroidal antiandrogens or surgery to remove the tumour from the prostate. The evidence is up to date as of March 2015. We found that men who were treated with antiandrogen alone were less likely to survive for at least one year after starting treatment than men treated with castration alone. They were at a greater risk of dying from prostate cancer at one year, and at the end of one year of treatment, than men who received either castration or medical or surgery. Men who were used to castration were more likely to stop the course of treatment due to side effects, such as breast pain, gynaecomastia and hot flashes. The risk of haemorrhage, nocturia, tiredness, fatigue, loss of interest in sex and urinary frequency was decreased when men were treated alone. We are not able to draw conclusions about the long-term effects of the use of these drugs in men with prostate cancer due to the lack of good quality, large-scale, well-designed and well-conducted RCTs. Further research is likely to have an effect on our knowledge about the effects of this drug on prostate cancer and is required.
We found eight randomised trials that included 600,000 women in the analyses in the age range 39 to 74 years old. Three of the trials with adequate randomisation did not show a reduction in the risk of death from breast cancer at 13 years, but four trials with suboptimal randomisation showed a significant reduction in breast cancer mortality with an RR of 0.75 (95% CI 0.67 to 0.83). The RR for all the trials combined was 0.81 (95%) and we found that breast cancer death was an unreliable outcome that was biased in favour of screening, mainly due to differential misclassification of cause of death. After 10 years, there was no reduction in death from any cause in the screened groups compared with the control groups. The use of surgery to treat breast cancer was increased in the women who were screened, as were the numbers of mastectomies and lumpectomies. There was no difference in the use of chemotherapy in the groups who were not screened. If we assume that screening reduces breast cancer deaths by 15% and that overdiagnosis and overtreatment is at 30%, it means that for every 2000 women screened, one will avoid dying of breast cancer and 10 healthy women, who would not have been diagnosed if there had not been screening, will be treated for breast cancer. Furthermore, more than 200 women will have to live with anxiety and uncertainty for years after the results of the tests have not been confirmed. To help ensure that the women are fully informed before they decide whether or not to attend screening, we have written an evidence-based leaflet for lay people that is available in several languages on www.cochrane.dk.
We found four studies, with a total of 522 women, that compared 10,000 units of hCG priming with no priming in IVM. Three of these studies included only women with PCOS (a type of ovary cystitis), while the fourth study only included PCOS in the fourth. One of the studies did not report outcomes per woman, and so we were not able to analyse the data from this study. When we looked at the numbers of live birth, pregnancy, and miscarriage rates, we did not find any evidence that hCG had an effect on the rates. However, we found that there may be a benefit in that 22% of women who did not have any priming achieved pregnancy, while between 7% and 23% of the women who had priming did so. The quality of the evidence was low, the main limitations being lack of blinding and imprecision. As no data were available on adverse events (other than miscarriage) or on drug reactions, we could not assess the risk of harm due to the lack of data. We need more well-designed randomised controlled trials before we can come to any firm conclusions about the role of hCg priming, and the best dose and time to use it.
This review found that both ERT and HRT do not prevent cognitive decline in older postmenopausal women when given as short term or longer term (up to five years) therapy. It is not known whether one type of ERT or HRT is better or worse than the other in subgroups of women, although it is not clear which is the best treatment for which age, type of menopause, and type of treatment (type of estrogen with or without a progestagen, mode of treatment and dosage) is best. There is not enough evidence to be able to say whether there is a benefit for some groups of women who are less than 60 years of age, or who have not had menopausal symptoms (e.g. postmenopause symptoms). It remains to be determined whether factors such as the age of the women, the type of manopause (sopause or not), type of hormone therapy, and the mode of therapy (such as transdermal, oral or intramuscular) and dosage of treatment can have positive effects at a clinically relevant level. Large, well-designed trials are planned for the USA and should be available by the year 2010.
We searched the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's database for studies that compared inhaled ICS/LABA (fluticasone furoate and vilanterol 100/25 mcg once daily; FF/VI) with LAMA (18 mcg tiotropium; TIO) in adults with COPD. We found one ongoing trial with planned enrolment of 80 people. We included only one trial with a very low risk of bias in all aspects of the study. The included studies were of short duration (12 weeks), and we were not able to draw conclusions about the effect of once-a-day inhaled corticosteroids and LABA in terms of benefit or harm compared to LAMA. Compared to the TIO arm, we found no difference in the number of people who died, had a COPD flare-up (requiring short-burst oral corticostoids or antibiotics, or both), or both, for any of the main outcomes. We also found no differences between the two groups for other endpoints such as exacerbations leading to intubation (need to be placed in a tube to treat the COPD) or for improvement in symptoms. None of the pneumonias were fatal. We are uncertain whether once-daily ICS-LABA combined in one inhaler is better or worse than LAMA for treatment of COPD due to the very low quality of evidence. The short duration of follow-up of the included in this review and the limited our confidence in the result.
We found four short-term RCTs (involving a total of 169 adults) that met our inclusion criteria. The RCT was conducted in the USA, and included patients with BDD who were at high risk of relapsing from BDD and who had not been treated for at least six months. All participants were adults, and all but one were male. All four studies compared SRIs (fluoxetine and clomipramine) with a placebo (sugar pill) and found that SRIs and CBT may be useful in treating BDD. A low relapse rate (4/22) was demonstrated in one trial of CBT. Results need to be replicated in other groups of patients, such as adolescents, and using other selective SRIs, as well as a range of psychosocial treatments (alone and in combination).
We found three randomised controlled trials that compared the use of cotrimoxazole desensitization to rechallenge for the prophylaxing of HIV-infected adults with a history of mild or moderate hypersensitivity to this drug. At six months of follow-up, the number of people who stopped taking the drug was 7.14 times less in the first six months in those who used a protocol to reduce the risk of stopping the drug than in those that did not. There was no evidence that there was a difference in the rate of side effects between the two groups. There were no major side effects in either group. We found that in the three studies that we looked at for this review, people who used the desensitsize-to-rechallenge protocol were less likely to stop the drug and had a lower risk of overall adverse reactions to the drug compared to those who did not use the protocol. However, there were too few people in each group to be sure of this. We need more research in this area.
We included in the review three trials involving 148 preterm newborns. We found no new trials for this update. The trials compared midazolam with placebo (a fake drug) and used a range of sedation scales to assess the effectiveness and safety of this drug in preterm neonates. All three trials were conducted in neonates admitted to the neonatal ward of a neonatal hospital in the USA. The duration of time spent in the NICU was 5.4 days in two of the trials and 28 days in the third. One study (43 preterm infants) found that the pain scores of the preterm babies who received midazotolam were lower than for those who received dextrose (a pretend drug). The other study (46 neonates) showed that there was a greater risk of death or brain injury by 28 days' postnatal age (death, grade III or IV IVH or PVL) in the neonate group compared with the placebo group. The third trial (46 preterm infant) reported that there were more adverse events (adverse events such as death, grade II or IV IH or IVL) among the neonates who were administered morphine (a sedative) than in the group that was treated with a fake drug. We considered these trials to be of moderate quality in terms of the number of deaths, length of NICU stay, quality of analgesia, pain scores, and the incidence of adverse events. The evidence is up to date as of June 2014. We identified no new studies for this review.
We found 12 randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, multi-centre trials involving 767 adults and children who had diarrhoea due to the presence of Salmonella serovar in the gut. The mean age of participants ranged from 18 to 74 years old. The age range of children from 0 to 17 years of age ranged from 1 month to 18 years. Most of the studies were from the USA, with one from the UK and one each from Australia, Brazil, France, Greece, Italy, Japan, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, the Netherlands, the UK, the USA and the UK. The antibiotic used in the trials was either quinolone (an antifungal drug) or quinoline (a type of antimonial that kills the bacteria that cause the disease), with or without the use of intravenous or intramuscular infusion of the drug. The number of participants in the control groups ranged from 10% to 70% of those who did not receive any treatment. There was no difference in the number of people who had a fever at five to seven days after the end of treatment. The average length of time spent in hospital was 0 days, and the mean number of days with fever was 0. Very low to very low levels of quality of evidence were found for all of the outcomes, which means that we are not able to draw any conclusions about the effect of the treatment on the risk of dying from the disease. There were more adverse events in the group of patients who were treated with the antibiotic. Non-severe adverse drug reactions were more common in the patients who received antibiotic treatment. We are uncertain of the effects in very young people, very old people, and in people with severe and extraintestinal disease.
We included 23 studies (n = 4192 adults) in this review. The participants were heterogeneous in terms of their age, gender, main diagnosis, setting, country, positivity threshold, sepsis criteria, year of publication, and the origin of the infection, which may have influenced the results. We found that the number of people who were correctly identified as sepsised ranged from 12% to 78% across studies. This means that if we test 1000 adult adults with a low level of interleukin-6, we will find that 330 out of 1000 patients would be given appropriate and timely antibiotics, while 130 out of the other 130 would be wrongly diagnosed as not sick, and 170 patients would have been undiagnosed as not ill. This is based on a sensitivity of 66% (range 60% to 72%) and a specificity of 74%, which means that for each 1000 adult patients, 66 out of 100 would be detected and the other 70 would not have been. In the case of patients who are not ill, the patient would not need to be put on a course of antibiotics, and would not be missed. However, this result should be viewed with caution due to the limitations described above. The conclusions of the review will likely change once the 20 completed studies are published and assessed.
We found 29 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving a total of 5718 adults who had been treated for wounds caused by surgery. Most of the trials were small, had a low risk of bias (i.e. there was a chance of overestimating the risk of SSI) and were often not clear about how they were carried out. There were 16 trials that looked at wounds resulting from surgery with a 'clean' classification, five trials that compared what was considered 'contaminated' surgery with what was not, and the other 25 that compared different types of wound dressings. It is not clear whether wound exposure or any type of wound dressing is more or less likely to cause SSI compared with no wound dressing, or whether any one type of dressing is better than any other. We are uncertain whether any wound dressage is better or worse than another in terms of preventing SSI and other outcomes, such as scarring, pain, and ease of removal from the wound. Most studies in this review were small and at a high or very low quality, which means that we cannot be sure of the reliability of their results. The quality of evidence was very low for most comparisons (and low for others), with downgrading (according to GRADE criteria) based on imprecision (ie, there was not enough evidence to be sure that the results were true) due to the small numbers of events and the lack of precision of the results.
We found one trial (n = 179 women) that looked at selenium, docosahexanoic acid and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) in women at risk of postpartum depression. The other trial looked at EPA and DHA in women who were found to be at high risk of depression after the birth of the baby. The women were recruited at a gestational age of 12 to 20 weeks from the time of enrolment in the study up to their final review visit six to eight weeks after the baby was born. Women received supplements or placebo from the start of the study. Selenium had an effect on postnatal depression but the size of the effect was too small to be sure of. There was a high drop-out rate due to a large number of women withdrawing from the study or not completing an EPDS. EPA and EPA-rich fish oil were not found to have a benefit compared to EPA or DHA. No difference was found in the number of pregnant women who had postnatal or neonatal depression at the fifth follow-up visit of the trial. There is currently no evidence to recommend any other dietary supplement for prevention of postnatal depression.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that evaluated the use of anthracycline for the treatment of heart failure in adults with heart failure caused by a variety of cancers. We found that people who had a longer (six hours or longer) infusion of the drug were less likely to have heart failure than people who received the drug for less than six hours. We also found that there was no difference in the risk of heart damage caused by the drug with a dose of less than 60 mg/m2. We did not find that the dose of doxorubicin was any more or less harmful than the dose given in the other RCTs, but we cannot be sure about this due to the lack of long-term follow-up of participants in the trials. We concluded that a six-hour or longer intravenous dose of this drug seems to be better than a one-hour dose, but there is not enough evidence to say whether it is better or worse than the other dose. More high-quality research is needed, both in children and adults, and in leukaemias and solid tumours.
We found 37 trials with a total of 3110 people with TBI. Nine of these were new studies since the last update (2009) and five studies had been previously excluded but were re-assessed and included in the 2017 update. We found that there is no high-quality evidence that hypothermia is helpful in reducing the risk of death or the need for long-term care in TBI patients. There is low- to very low-risk of death and there is low risk of pneumonia. We were not able to assess risk of bias in most of the studies as they were not designed to do this adequately. Further research, which is methodologically robust, is required in this field to establish the effect of hypthermia for the treatment of TBI in adults and children.
We found three high- and three low-quality studies, with a total of 519 participants, that looked at different forms of the same type of therapy. The studies were very heterogeneous in terms of the interventions, participants, and measures used to assess the effectiveness of the therapy. We were not able to draw conclusions on the overall effectiveness of family therapy in the treatment of depression due to differences in the types of therapy and the ways in which they were carried out. At this point, use of other forms of therapy for depression for which there is already an evidence-base would seem to be preferable.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing Duxil with placebo in a total of 206 patients with dementia. All three RCTs had a high risk of bias (ie, there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way the trial was run and the way it was run) and were assessed as being of low quality. When analysing these trials together, we found that there was an improvement of cognitive function in all three trials. However, there were no data on behaviour and death at the end of treatment and follow-up. There was no information on quality of life, or the burden of carers. Due to the low quality of the trials, the small size of the studies and the fact that only a few trials were included in this review, we were not able to conclude whether or not there was any benefit from the use of this drug. More large-scale trials are needed to confirm or refute these results.
We found seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing drainage with no drainage in a total of 960 adults who had had an axillary lymphadenoid lymphadenectomy for lymphoma following lymphangioleiomyosarcoma. The quality of the included RCTs was generally low, with several of the studies at risk of bias due to the lack of blinding (i.e. the use of blindness) of the patients and staff during treatment and outcome assessment. The OR for seroma formation was 0.46 (range 0.23 to 0.91) in favour of drainage. There was no difference in infection rates between drainage and no drainage. The mean length of time spent in hospital was 1.47 days greater in the drained population. A mean difference of 0.79 fewer postoperative seroma aspirations were found in the drain population (95% CI 1.23 and 0.35 fewer, P = 0.0004) in the two trials of 212 and 519 participants, and in three trials of 519 patients, respectively. No difference in the amount of lymphoedema was found (OR 2.31 favouring no drainage, range 0.47 to 11.37) in three studies of 360 and five trials of 314 patients, nor was any difference in haematoma observed (OR 1.68, ranging from 0.33 to 8.51). There was a high rate of seroma aspiration (MD -19.44, 95% CI -59.45 to 20.57) in people who had a drain inserted in three of the trials. The number of patients with a seroma was not reported in any of the three trials. There is limited evidence that insertion of a drain after lymphadenoma reduces the odds of developing a serumoma and reduces the number of post-operative aspirations. These benefits should be weighed up against an increased length of stay in hospital in those who were drained.
We found eight studies with 390,769 participants. Five of the eight studies used a prospective cohort design, two were case-control studies and one was a randomised controlled trial (RCT). The quality of the evidence was judged to be high for the three studies that looked at the effect of flavonoids on colorectal cancer and adenomas. The results form the studies assessing the association of the four main flavonoid groups, Isoflavones, Flavonols, Flavones and Flavanones, were conflicting. For Flavan-3-ols, the results from one trial showed that increased intake of Flavan 3-ols reduced the risk of both colon cancer and colon adenoma. For epicatechin, there was evidence that a lower risk of colon cancer was found with a high intake of epicateschin. Procyanidin, a type of anthocyanin, and phytoestrogen, which is a hormone that is produced by the body's white blood cells, were also found to be associated with a reduced risk of the colon cancer. There was no evidence that suggested that high anthocynin intake had an effect on the number of adenomomas found in the colon. Overall, there is not enough evidence to support the use of any of the five main flavons in the prevention of colon neoplasms.
We found that patients who had been treated for 48 weeks to 72 weeks with peginterferon and ribavirin were more than twice as likely to have a cure for the virus than those who had received the same amount of treatment at 48 weeks. There was no difference in the number of patients who relapsed after 72 weeks. The length of treatment did not affect the adherence of the patients. In the one trial that looked at adverse events, there was no clear difference between the treatment groups. There were no deaths in the group that had been given 72 weeks of treatment, and the length of time that the virus was still in the blood did not seem to have an effect on the risk of relapsed disease. More data are needed in order to decide whether or not to give more time to the patients who have not yet been cured of the virus. All trials had high risk of bias (systematic error) and play of chance (play of chance).
We searched for studies that assessed the use of EUS in people with pancreatic cancer or periampullary cancer found to have potentially resectable cancer on CT scan. We found that there are too few studies to be sure that EUS is useful in this area. There is no evidence to suggest that it should be done routinely in the treatment of people with this type of cancer. The overall risk of bias was low in one study and unclear or high in the other.
We found 34 studies (2169 adults and children with blepharitis of which 20 studies (14 RCTs and 6 CCTs) included 1661 adults with either anterior or mixed blephritis and 14 studies (12 RCTS and 2 CCTS) included 508 adults with posterior blephharitis (MGD). We were not able to pool the results of the trials due to differences in the types of interventions, comparisons, and condition of the participants. Topical antibiotics were shown to provide some symptomatic relief and were found to be effective in eradicating bacteria from the eyelid margin for patients with an acute or acute-type of blehitis. The effectiveness of other treatments, such as topical steroids and oral antibiotics, were inconclusive. There is no strong evidence for any of the treatments in terms of curing the condition. Lid hygiene may be a simple, safe, and easy-to-use method to reduce the risk of eyelid irritation and infection. More research is needed to evaluate the effectiveness of such treatments. Any randomised controlled trial (RCT) should be well-designed and should be patient-centred. It is important that participants be followed long-term, at least one year, to assess chronic outcomes. Any RCT designed for this purpose should separate participants by type of condition (e.g. MGD or MGD) in order to be sure that there are no imbalances between groups (type I errors) and to avoid bias (prevent type II errors). The use of commercial products should be compared with the same as the use of warm compresses and eyelid wash. Outcomes of interest should be measured using validated questionnaires or scales.
We found one trial with a total of 23 participants. This study was at high risk of bias (risk of play of chance). None of our primary outcomes and only one of our secondary outcomes (reduction in the volume of disease, assessed endoscopically) was assessed in the study. There was no difference between the groups (very low-quality evidence). Adverse events reported included airway swelling that required intubation in a child with severe RRP a few hours after photodynamic therapy.
We found 42 randomised and quasi-randomised studies with 4220 participants. Most of these studies were of moderate to low quality. The studies compared CDUS with CE-CDUS. Most studies had a high risk of bias, which means that the results may not be valid for all of the outcomes. For diagnosis of endoleaks, we found that CDUS was superior to CDUS in terms of the number of people who had an endoleak and the amount of time it took for the test to reach the correct diagnosis. We also found that both ultrasound modalities (with or with contrast) showed high specificity (that is, the test will be able to identify the cause of the infection without the need for a CT scan). We found that the studies that used CDUS were better than the ones that used CE- CDUS. However, the quality of the CDUS studies was lower than the other types of studies. This is likely due to the fact that most of the studies were published more than a decade ago, which may have led to overestimates of the accuracy of the tests. In addition, many studies did not clearly report the time to the test and the reason for the delay between the tests (i.e. the time from the time of the first test to the results of the second test). This could lead to bias in the way that the two tests were done, which could result in bias.
We found seven randomised, double-blind, quasi-randomised studies, with a total of 766 women. All of the women had low back pain in labour with a mean of 50% to 60 cm (range 20% to 70%) and mean of 20% (range 10% to 25%). The water was saline (salty) or saline plus saline, and saline plus water was given for at least 24 hours. Four of the trials used a subcutaneous (under the skin) injection, and one both. We found that there was no difference in the number of caesarean sections, number of women who had a forceps delivery, or number of babies born by forceps or forceps, nor did we find any differences between the water and saline for any of the other outcomes. No adverse events were reported other than short-term pain with injection, which was worse with sterile water. No study looked at women's satisfaction with pain relief, their sense of control in labour, women's quality of life, satisfaction with the experience of childbirth, rates of breastfeeding, maternal morbidity, infant long-term outcomes, or cost. The quality of evidence was good, but four studies were at high risk of bias due to the small size of treatment groups, lack of data, and lack of rigour in the way they were done.
We found 12 randomised trials with a total of 1932 adults with Lichtenstein hernia who had their hernia fixed with glue or with sutures. We found that glue reduced chronic pain by 37% compared with suture. However, when we looked at the type of mesh, we found that the reduction was less than half that of the suture group. Hernia recurrence was not different in the glue group and the length of time taken for the hernia to heal was the same in both groups. Fixation with glue was superior to suture in terms of duration of the operation, haematoma (bleeding of the wound) and recovery time to daily activities. We did not find a difference between the two groups in relation to the risk of deep infection or swelling after the surgery, and persisting numbness after the operation. Due to the lack of data, it was not clear whether glue was better or worse than other types of glue. One of the trials was funded by the manufacturer of the fibrin sealant that is used to seal mesh. The other trials did not mention the source of funding. The risk of bias of all the trials varied from low to high. The quality of evidence was moderate to low for all the outcomes, which means that further research is likely to have an effect on our confidence in the results.
The aim of this Cochrane review was to assess the effects of the 'package' of methods used by journals to reduce the risk of bias in biomedical journal articles. The review found that, when applied to a wide range of journals, the'sophistication' of the way in which papers are written and the way they are described can lead to improved papers. However, there is a need for more research in this area.
We found 15 studies including 721 adults with cancer pain due to a wide range of types of cancer. All studies were performed on adults; there were no studies on children. There were three deaths, in all cases due to the cancer in the cancer. We found that people who took codeine had less pain than those who took a fake medicine (placebo), but more side-effects (nausea, vomiting, and constipation). There was no data for children. The studies were small, of short duration, and most had a high risk of bias (ie, there was a chance of arriving at wrong conclusions because of the way the study was carried out). The available evidence shows that codeine is more effective than placebo for reducing cancer pain, but people who take codeine are at an increased risk of nausea, vomiting and pain. We are uncertain as to how long codeine works and how well it will work in longer-term use.
We found 12 trials involving 563 people with sickle cell diseases (HbSS, HbSC or HbSβthal) aged six to 35 years of age. The majority of people in the trials were African-American and had a range of ages from six to 65 years old. The participants were followed-up for at least 12 months from the start of the program to the end of the intervention. The trials varied in terms of the type of program, the age of participants and the length of time that the program was in place. We found that educational programs improved patient and caregiver knowledge, but not the use of health services. There was no difference in the number of patients or caregivers who were able to recognise signs and symptoms of illness and to self-manage their symptoms. People in the programs did not seem to be able to use health care services as well as those in the control groups. No studies were found that looked at whether people were more or less aware of their own illness, or if they were taking care of themselves. We did not find that people were less or no more likely to be depressed in the groups in which the programs were in, or that they used health care more than in the other groups. There were no studies of whether or not the programs led to more or fewer people being aware of the signs and signs of illness. No data were found for patients or their caregivers (or both) recognising signs and the need to take care of their illness and self-management. Adherence to treatment was not assessed in any of the studies. No effects were seen on the quality of life of the patients, their families or friends. The quality of evidence was low for positive coping and moderate for child and adult knowledge, and low for depression and use of healthcare services. This means that further research is likely to have an effect on our confidence in the results and may change the results.
We found six randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials (RCTs) comparing brivaracetam taken by mouth with or in the form of a pill (placebo) for 7 to 16 weeks in a search of the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's database in May 2017. We found six RCTs with a total of 2411 participants. All six included adult adults (aged 16 to 80 years old) with a mean age of between 70 and 80 years of age with focal (focal onset seizures) and non-focal (generalised) onset seizures. Only one of the studies (the other five) looked at people with generalised onset seizures, and the other five studies looked at those with focal onset seizures only. The duration of treatment ranged from one week to one year. We rated the quality of evidence from the six studies using four levels: very low, low, high, or high. Very low- and high-quality evidence means that we are very uncertain about the accuracy of the results. High- and very low-risk of bias mean that we have very low or very low confidence in the reliability of the findings. We judged the evidence to be of moderate quality for the outcomes of reduction in seizure frequency and seizure freedom, as well as for the risk of people withdrawing from treatment due to adverse events. It is important to note that only one study looked at the same type of epilepsy, and none of the other trials looked at participants with other types of seizures. None of the six included participants under the age of 16, and all studies were short-term. Therefore, these findings are mainly applicable to adult patients with drug-resistant focal epilepsy.
We found 38 studies, mostly from high-income countries, many of which looked at parents' perceptions of the way in which they were informed about the vaccine. Some of the studies looked at the MMR (measles, mumps, rubella) vaccine. In general, we found that parents wanted more information than they were getting. Lack of information led to worry and regret about the choice of whether or not to vaccinate their child. Parents wanted balanced information about the benefits and harms of the vaccine, presented clearly and clearly, and tailored to their needs. They also wanted to know which information source they could trust, and found it difficult to find information they felt was unbiased and balanced. The amount of information parents wanted and the sources they felt could be trusted seemed to be linked to their acceptance of the vaccines, with parents who were more likely to accept the vaccines wanting more, and those who were less willing to take part wanting more. Most of the trials addressed at least one or two key aspects of the ways in which the information was provided, such as the time and location of the information, and the way that it was tailored to parents' needs. None of the research looked at whether parents were aware of any potential harm caused by the health worker's work. We have high confidence in most of the results. We had low or very low confidence in some of the findings where we had very low or low confidence. Further research, especially in low- to middle-income country settings, could strengthen the findings.
We found 10 randomised trials, with a total of 599 anorexia nervosa patients, that met our criteria for inclusion in the review. Seven of these had been identified in the previous versions of this review and we have added three new trials to the search. We now have three new randomised controlled trials and six ongoing trials for this update. Two of the 10 trials were conducted in the UK, one in the USA and one each in Australia, Brazil, France, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, the UK and the USA. Trials tested a wide range of treatments, and the quality of the evidence was poor. We found that treatment as usual (TAU) when delivered by a non-eating-disorder specialist or similar may be less efficacious than treatment as a TAU. This was based on one trial. There was a suggestion in one trial that focal psychodynamic therapy might be superior to TAU, but this is in the context of TAU performing poorly. There were no differences in overall dropout rates, body mass index (BMI) or body weight in any of the treatments compared with TAU between the different treatments. One of the trials used dietary advice alone as a control group and found 100% non-completion rate in one of the groups. None of the studies found any side-effects of the treatment. The quality of evidence was low or very low for most of the outcomes, mainly due to the risk of bias and the small size of studies. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found three RCTs with a total of 516 participants. One study was from the USA and was funded by the National Eye Institute, and the other two were from the German Research Foundation. The first study was conducted in the USA, and randomized 151 adults to the use of either silicone oil or a mixture of perfluorohexyloctane (F6H8) and silicone oil. The other was from Germany, and was a multi-centre trial. The third trial was from Turkey and randomized 94 adults (age range not specified) to heavy (perfluropropane and perfluoropropane gas) versus standard (silicone oil) oil. All three trials were at low risk of bias. None of the trials used masking of participants and surgeons, and only the third trial used a masking method to mask outcome assessors. The use of a tamponade agent should be individualized for each patient. There do not appear to be any differences between the two agents in terms of achieving at least 5/200 visual acuity or achieving macular attachment at a minimum of one year. Although the first trial had a large number of patients who dropped out of the study, the other trials were free of attrition bias. In the third study, which had a power of 80% to detect differences, heavy silicone oil was not shown to be better than standard silicone oil, and there were no differences in the change in vision at one year between the groups. Adverse events were not reported for the first and the third trials. Of the 94 participants, four died, 26 had recurrences of retinopathy of the eye, 22 had retinal detachment, 22 developed glaucoma, four had a cataract, and two had capsular fibrosis. The choice of a menstrual pad should be the choice of the surgeon and the eye surgeon, and patient, and should be based on the risk of macular oedema (scarring of the macular girdle) and the surgeon's choice of whether or not to use heavy or standard oil.
We found five randomised trials (involving 1819 women) that compared planned early birth with planned late birth. The evidence is up to date as of March 2017. There was a lower risk of death for the mother in the first 24 hours after birth for women with high blood pressure (evidence graded high) and there was no clear difference in the risk of dying for the baby. However, there was not enough information to draw any conclusions about the effects on the number of deaths for the infant. There were no clear differences between groups for caesarean section or in the length of time the baby spent in the neonatal nursery. There is no clear evidence that planned early delivery is better than planned later birth for the health of the mother or her baby, but this is based on limited data (from only one trial) assessing all high blood pressures as one group. Planned early birth was associated with a greater risk of high risk of HELLP (high blood pressure) syndrome (three studies, 1628 women) and severe renal impairment (one study, 100 women). There was not a clear difference between groups in the numbers of newborns who were admitted to the NICU (four studies, 1585 newborns). We did not find a difference between the groups in terms of the caesarian section or the duration of time spent in hospital. We found no clear effect of planned early births on the mother’s health. The quality of the evidence was graded high for all outcomes, which means that further research is likely to have an effect on our confidence in the estimate of the effect and may change the estimate. The risk of bias was low or very low in most of the studies, but there were issues with the way in which some of the trials were carried out, which may have led to imprecision in the results.
We found six randomised controlled trials (involving 142 adults and children with hemophilia A, B, or C) comparing prophylactic clotting factor treatment with on-demand treatment. We found that three-times-a-week (three times a week is the recommended three times per week for hemophilitis A and bi-weekly (7.5 IU/kg) is the best time to use clotting factors to reduce the risk of joint bleeds in patients with existing joint damage. The number of patients with preserved joints after three to seven years of follow-up was not pooled due to differences in the results of the trials. Three of the remaining four studies evaluated hemophiliac A; one showed a reduction in the number of bleeds per year in patients treated with clotting treatment compared to placebo, and the fourth study showed that there were fewer bleeds with weekly (15 IU per kg) rather than bi-weeks (5.50 to -1.10) treatment. There was no clear advantage of one clotting agent over the other in terms of reducing the frequency of joint bleedings. There is not yet enough evidence from randomised trials to confirm that the use of clotting treatments to stop bleeding is more convenient and safe in the short-term (three to six months) than in the long-term.
This is an update of a review first published in 2009. We found 13 trials involving 1824 adults that met the inclusion criteria for this review. Ten of the 13 trials (732 adults) had data in a usable format that could be used in this update. We were not able to pool data for any of the outcomes due to the differences between the interventions assessed in the studies. Eight of the trials aimed to induce remission; overall survival did not differ significantly between treatment groups. Five studies aimed to maintain remission. In two out of three of these trials, this was substantial but the difference was not significant. In the other five trials, there was no difference in the number of people who were still alive at six months after the end of treatment. Overall, less aggressive treatment schedules appear to produce similar effects with less adverse event profiles. However, the evidence for the quality of the evidence is not strong as studies were small, underpowered and prone to both bias and bias.
We found that there were too few studies to be able to draw conclusions about the best way to give anti-D to women with RhD and the choice of whether to give it by injection or by intramuscularly (intravenous) injection. There was no alloimmunization in either of the studies, as the sample size was not large enough to assess whether there was any risk of this. One of the trials found that the mean antigens in the blood after IV and IM administration differed up to seven days (36.1 (2.6) ng/mL IV; 19.8 (8.7) ng/mL IM on day seven). However, from two to three weeks post-administration, the levels were similar for both routes of administration. None of the women in either study developed antibodies to the RhD antigen.
We found eight studies with a total of 21,379 patients with diabetes. Three studies compared ticlopidine to aspirin or to placebo (dummy drug) and five compared clopidogrel with aspirin or aspirin with aspirin and dipyridamole, or with aspirin alone or aspirin plus aspirin. The mean duration of follow-up ranged from 365 days to 913 days. All of the trials were at low risk of bias (low risk of systematic error (i.e. play of chance) and there was no evidence that any of the studies were at high risk of random error (ie, there was a chance of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of the way that the study was run). Data for diabetes patients on all-cause deaths, vascular deaths and myocardial infarction were only available for one trial (355 patients). This trial compared ticslopazine to placebo and did not show any differences in the risk of death from any cause. Data for stroke were available in three trials (31% of the total number of participants) which showed that stroke was not reduced by the use of ADP agonists compared to aspirin and other antiplatelet drugs. There were no data available from any study on peripheral vascular disease, health-related quality of life, adverse events or costs. The evidence is up to date as of March 2014. The available evidence for ADP-receptor agonists for the prevention of CVD in people with diabetes mellitus is limited and most trials do not report the outcomes for patients with and without diabetes separately.
We found 10 trials with a total of 191 adults with cystic fibrosis who had been in hospital for at least six months. Most of the trials had a low risk of bias with only one trial judged to be at a high risk of systematic error (i.e. there was a chance of bias due to the way in which the trial was run). The six-week trial was the only one judged to have no bias in all other domains. Six trials (151 adults) looked at the use of non-invasive ventilation for airway clearance and found that it may be easier to clear the airways and that some people may prefer it. Three trials (27 adults) found that non- invasive ventilatory ventilator support was as good as oxygen or room air for improving quality of life and symptoms of sleep-disordered breathing. One trial (13 adults) evaluated the effect of the NIV on exercise capacity and did not report on any of our main outcomes. The RevMan (RevMan is a machine that records the amount of air in and out of the lungs) also looked at this. No clear differences were found for exercise when compared with either room air or oxygen, but the RevMan found that there was an increase in the number of people who were able to get out of bed when breathing room air over six weeks. Three of the studies (27 adult adults) used nasal masks, one used a nasal mask or mouthpiece and one trial used a face mask and in one trial it is unclear whether the face masks were used or not. All three of these trials reported on one of the main outcomes (quality of life) and showed that they were as good or better than the other treatments for this type of support. One of the three trials, which used a full face mask, did not show any clear differences in our main outcome. The trial that used nasal mask and mouthpiece did not find any clear difference in our outcomes. One study, which compared non-Invasive ventilation with room air, found that one participant withdrew at the start of the trial due to pain on a test of lung muscle strength. One participant could not use the nasal mask due to increased airway pressure in the first few days of the study. A second trial in this setting reported that one patient did not like the mask, one patient had a lung injury when he or she tried to breathe room air and two patients had an aerophagia (inflammation of the airway) which resolved when airway airways was decreased. The third trial did not evaluate the effects of the nasal masks or full face masks. Three studies reported on adverse events. One patient experienced chest pain when he/she was put on the non-wet mask and the other patients did not tolerate the mask. One person had a cough when they were placed on the full-face mask and two people had a mild cough when put on room air. We were not able to find any studies that looked at whether NIV increased sputum expectoration (sputum is what you can see when you open your mouth to look for it), but we found that NIV may improve gas exchange during sleep to a greater extent than oxygen therapy alone in adults with moderate to severe lung disease. These benefits of NIV have been shown in a small number of patients with a range of lung diseases. The impact of this therapy on pulmonary exacerbations and the length of time it takes for the lung to clear airways is not clear. The effect of this treatment on exercise is not known.
We found that NIPPV at home for at least three months in healthy adults with stable COPD did not have an effect on six-minute walking distance (6MWD), health-related quality of life (HRQoL), lung function, forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1), forced ventricle (FVC), maximal inspiratory pressure (PImax) and sleep efficiency. However, we could not be sure that this was the case, as the mean 6MWD was around 26 m. There was no effect on blood gas levels in the blood, exercise tolerance, lung strength or sleep efficiency after three months. The two new long-term (12-month) and short-term studies did not show any difference in blood gases, health-rate, lung function or lung function after 12 months. We are not able to draw any conclusions from these studies as there were too few participants and the results were imprecise.
We found four trials, with a total of 1190 newborns, that compared induction of labour for babies with a low birthweight (mean birthweight was 178 g) and a mean birthweight of less than 300 g, with no clear effect on the risk of caesarean or instrumental delivery. There was no clear difference in the number of women who had a fractured pelvis (shoulder dystocia) in the induction group compared to the control group. The risk of a baby with a broken pelvis was reduced in the treatment group. There were no clear differences between groups for brachial plexus (the area in the pelvis where the baby’s spine rests) injury, low arterial cord blood pH, asphyxia, low five-minute infant Apgar scores, or low blood flow to the brain. In one study with data for 818 women, perineal tears were more often seen in the group that had been induced. The largest trial found that to prevent one fracture in 60 women, it would be necessary to induce labour in 60 of these women. Induction of labour does not appear to change the rate of the baby being born by forceps or forceps, and is likely to be popular with many women. However, babies born by induction have a lower birthweight, and there is a chance that they may have been born with a fracture in the birth canal, which is a rare event. There is a risk of further injury to the baby's pelvis due to the use of forceps in the womb, but the power of the studies to show a difference for such a event is very low. Also, there was no difference between groups in measures of neonatal asphyxia, low blood pressure, or the pH of the umbilical cord blood. In the largest trial there was an increased risk of phototherapy (a type of laser used to treat inflammation of the skin) for the perineum, but this was not shown in the other three trials. The evidence is up to date as of March 2016. The review found that, compared to expectant management, there is no clear benefit of induction of birthweight or risk of having a baby that is too low for the baby to be put back in the mother's womb, and that there is little or no difference in risk of the babies being born with broken pelvises. The babies born to women who were induced had a lower average birthweight and were less likely to have a birth fracture, but there was not enough data to show if there was a clear benefit in terms of the number or severity of injuries to the babies' pelvis, nor were there any differences in the numbers of newborns with low blood levels of arterial blood pH or low levels of blood in the blood of the womb. The trials did not have a high risk of bias in the way they were done, but they had a low risk of being at risk of systematic error (ie, they did not blind women and staff to the treatment they received) and were at a low or unclear risk of play of chance (i.e. we could not blind them to the intervention they received, but we thought it was unlikely that they would have known whether they had received it or not).
We found 56 trials with 95,286 participants. The age of participants ranged from 18 to 107 years. The mean age of women was 77%. Forty-eight of the trials included 94,491 healthy adults. Of these, four trials were conducted in healthy adults, nine trials in postmenopausal women and 35 trials in people living on their own or in care homes. The other eight trials involved people with a range of diseases. Most of the women were older than 70 years, and the mean number of participants in these trials was 77. All of the studies were from high-income countries. Forty-five of the 56 trials (80%) were of high quality. More than half had a low risk of bias (that is, there was a low chance of arriving at wrong conclusions due to play of chance), and more than half did not have industry bias (i.e. a bias that could have led to overestimates of the benefits and underestimates of harms of the intervention). We found that the risk of death from any cause was 12.5% in the group of healthy adults who received vitamin D compared with 12.7% in those who did not. We did not find any effect of vitamin D on death in the control group. The risk of dying was the same in both groups in all 56 trials analysed together (12.5%) and in all but four trials analysed separately (11.4%). More than 8% of participants dropped out of the treatment groups, and about 1 in 10 dropped out in the vitamin D treatment groups. Vitamin D was given for an average of 4.4 years. We also found that people who had a lower than 20 ng/mL vitamin D levels at the time of entry to the trials were at a greater risk of mortality than those who had high levels (19 trials, 80% of the included in the analyses). We also looked at vitamin D2 and found that it did not seem to affect death, but this finding could be due to chance. When we looked at the different forms of the drug, only vitamin D3 was found to be better than the others (4,153/37,817 vs 4,340/38,110; 11.0% and 11.4%, both of which were lower than the other) at preventing death. However, we found that adding vitamin D to another drug (calcium) did not appear to reduce the number of people who died. We could not tell whether vitamin D was better or worse than other drugs in terms of preventing death because we only looked at studies in which we could be sure that the people in the other groups were not aware of which drug they were in. We calculated that for each 150 people treated over five years, 150 people would have to be treated to prevent one more death. We found no clear benefit or harm from the use of the drugs alfacalcidol and calcitriol. A subgroup of high-risk-of-bias trials (high risk of systematic error) found that taking vitamin D may lead to more deaths than not taking it, but we could not be sure if this was due to bias in the way that the study was run or not. In addition, when we analysed the trials separately, we did not see any clear differences in the effect of the treatments on death. The studies did not show that the drugs were as good as the other drugs, but again, this could have been due to the way in which they were run or the way they were carried out.
We found that all three drugs (fluoxetine, orlistat, and sibutramine) can lead to significant weight loss over 12 to 57 weeks of follow up. The magnitude of weight loss was modest, and the long-term health benefits are not yet known. Side effects were common with orlofenac and tremors, tremor, somnolence and sweating, and palpitations. There is a paucity of data on other drugs for weight loss or control in persons with type 2 diabetes.
We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing VGB with CBZ in a total of 734 participants. We assessed only one of the five RCTs as good quality and the other four as poor. It was not clear whether VGB or CBZ was better in terms of the time to treatment withdrawal and time to achieve six-month remission, but results did show a disadvantage for VGB on time to first seizure after randomisation. VGB was found to cause weight gain and skin rash and drowsiness, but there was no difference in visual field defects or in the number of epileptic seizures. Data are insufficient to assess the risk-benefit balance of VGB versus CBZ monotherapy for epilepsy.
We found four RCTs that compared plerixafor to a G-CSF-based treatment. Two of these trials had a low number of participants and did not report any results. The remaining two trials had 600 adults with either multiple myeloma or non-Hodgkin lymphoma. In both of these, the patients received G- CSF plus plerxafor and the control group had GCSF plus a fake medicine (placebo). The evidence is up to date as of March 2017. The analysis of the data did not show that there was a difference in the risk of death at 12 months between the groups. There was also no evidence for a difference between the two groups in terms of the time to neutrophil and platelet engraftment. None of the trials reported on the number of transplants. The results of the analysed data showed that the use of plersafor leads to increased stem cell collection in a shorter time. However, there was not enough evidence to be able to draw conclusions about the effect of the treatment on survival or adverse events. Due to the lack of data, it is not possible to conclude whether or not the addition of Plerix afor improves survival or side effects. The evidence was of high quality. The two trials that we analysed, both of which were carried out by the Genzyme Corporation, the drug manufacturer of PLERix, were published several times. This may have led to publication bias, as the trial reports were published many times. Two more trials, which included nine and five patients, have not yet been published. One trial has not yet reported any results and the other has not been completed.
We found 23 trials involving 1806 women, of whom 717 received cones. All of the trials were small, and in many the quality was hard to judge. There was not enough evidence to show that cones plus PFMT was different to either cones alone or PFMT alone. Cones were found to be better than no treatment and may be of similar effectiveness to PFMT and electrostimulation, but the results were too imprecise to be able to draw firm conclusions. Only seven trials used a quality of life measure and no study looked at the cost of treatment.
We found 11 trials with a total of 2246 AF patients (ranging from 14 to 712 by study) that assessed the effectiveness of interventions to improve anticoagulant control in AF patients receiving OAT. The evidence is up to date as of December 2014. The trials evaluated three types of interventions: (1) education, (2) decision aids, (3) self-monitoring plus education, and (4) behavioural interventions. We found that there is not enough evidence to draw conclusions about the impact of any of these interventions on TTR in AF participants. The effect of self-medicine-based self-diagnosed TTR was uncertain compared with usual care, and we found that the decision aids favoured usual care. However, we found small but positive effects of education on anxiety and depression compared with the use of usual care for these outcomes. The quality of evidence was low to very low due to the small number of studies and the low number of events. Thus, there is a need for further research in this area.
This is an update of a Cochrane PGE2 review first published in 2004. In this update, we have added seven new RCTs (778 women) to the review. Overall, vaginal prostaglandin E2 compared with placebo or no treatment, probably improves the chance of vaginal birth in 24 hours. The risk of uterine hyperstimulation with fetal heart rate changes is increased (4.8% versus 1.0%) and the caesarean section rate is reduced by about 10% (13.5% compared with 14.8%). Prostaglandins probably have no effect or may have a very small effect on the number of women who need to be operated on. They increase the likelihood of a change in the cervix (cervical change) but there is no increase in the risk of needing to have an operative delivery. PGE1 tablets, gels and pessaries appear to be as good as each other, some differences are seen, but these may be due to chance.
This review found that cot-nursing with a heated water-filled mattress was no more or less safe than incubator care in terms of temperature control and weight gain. However, there was a reduction in the risk of hyperthermia, which was found to be more common in infants who were cared for in the incubator group. Babies who were nursed in the cot were more likely to be breast fed on discharge from hospital and were less likely to die. There was no difference in weight gain between the two groups. The use of a heat-filled bed was compared with the use of an incubator in five trials with a total of 231 newborns. In this case, weight gain was similar in both groups. There is a need for further research in this area.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing open and closed surgery for the removal of PDCs from the maxillary teeth. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2015. The main findings of the review were that the open or closed surgery may be as good as the open surgery for removing the teeth and that there was no difference in the amount of time it took for the teeth to heal. One of the open groups had a small hole in the tooth caused by the gold chain and the other group had a hole caused by detachment of the chain. The open group also had a post-operative infection and pain during alignment of the canine teeth as the chain cut through the gum tissue. We were not able to pool data for dental aesthetics, patient-reported pain and discomfort, periodontal health and treatment time; however, we did not find any differences in the time that the teeth took to heal between the open and the closed groups. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. This means that we are uncertain as to which of the techniques is the best. There is a need for more high-quality, well-conducted, randomised studies to be carried out. Three trials have been identified and it is hoped that these will produce data that can be pooled to increase the certainty in these findings.
We found three randomised, double-blind trials, involving 244 women. The prostaglandins used were vulprostone (sulprostone) in 50 women and misoprostol in 194 women. Prostaglandin was given at a dose of 250 mcg and 800 mcg, and the other drugs were oxytocin (pregabalin) and cyproheptadine. The studies were considered to be at high risk of bias (ie, there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way the trials were run and the way they were designed) and the results were imprecise. We did not obtain any data for the main outcomes of maternal deaths and the need to add another drug to the uterotonic treatment. We found that there was no clear advantage of the use of these drugs in terms of the number of times the placenta had to be cut from the womb to the womb, the need for a blood transfusion, the amount of blood loss and the time from the time of injection to the time that the baby was removed from the uterus. There was no difference between the groups in mean blood loss or the mean time from injection to placental removal (minutes) or side-effects (vomiting, headache, pain and nausea between the time the babies were placed in the womb and when they were discharged from the labour ward) except for'shivering' which was more frequent in the group that was given prostanzolol. The included studies were of poor quality and there is little confidence in the effect estimates; the true effect is likely to be much greater. We can not make any recommendations about changes to clinical practice. More high-quality research in this area is needed.
We found six randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, multi-centre trials (RCTs) of CDP as CPAP or CNP compared with CPAP alone or CPAP and nasal CPAP in preterm or neonatal ventilators. We found that the use of continuous distending pressure (CDP) reduced the risk of failure of the ventilator (death or use of assisted ventilation) and the number of deaths in the first 28 days of life, as well as the overall risk of death and death in infants with birth weight above 1500 g. The risk of pneumothorax (a build-up of air in the lung) was higher in the CDP group than in the CPAP group. We did not find that there was a reduction in the need for oxygen support at 28 days, nor was there a difference at nine to 14 years. However, we found that there is an increased risk of the baby’s lung (pulmonary dysplasia) getting stuck in the tube (bronchopulmonary displasia), which is a problem that can lead to poor lung function and may lead to death. Four out of six of the RCTs were done in the 1970s and so it is not clear how these results might be applied to current practice. More research is needed to find the best way to use CDP.
We found six small, short-term, randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing foam wound dressings with other types of dressing for foot ulcers in a total of 157 adults with a mean age of over 60 years of age. There was no difference in the number of people who had their ulcers healed when foam dressings were compared with hydrocolloid (matrix) dressings. However, foam dressers did not appear to be any more or less effective in the healing of ulcers than other dressing types. All included RCTs were small and/or had limited follow-up times.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared endoscopy with surgery in a total of 111 adults with chronic pancreatitis and dilated pancreatic ducts. Two of the RCTs were conducted in the USA and one in the UK. In the USA, the number of patients in the endoscopic group was 55 and 56 in the surgery group. The study showed that surgery was better in terms of pain relief, both at middle/long-term (two to five years) and at long-term follow-up (≥ five years). It showed that patients who had surgery had a greater improvement in quality of life and were able to preserve some of the functions of the pancreas. The trial did not show that there were any major post-interventional complications or that there was a difference in the risk of death between the two groups. The third RCT was from the UK and was performed in 32 adults. In this trial, the surgery was done in the same way as in the other RCT, but there were more participants in the surgical group. This trial showed that the surgery resulted in a higher percentage of patients with pain relief and was more likely to preserve the function of the pancreatic tract. However, the trial was not large, and there were problems with the way in which it was done. Therefore, we cannot be sure that these results are valid.
We found only one randomised controlled trial that was at a high risk of bias. This trial included 857 adults who had minor skin excision surgery in the primary care setting. The wounds were sutured after the excision. Patients were randomised to early post-operative bathing (dressing to be removed after 12 hours and bathing resumed) (n = 415) or delayed post-opioid (dress to be retained for at least 48 hours before removal and resumption of normal bathing) (442). The only outcome of interest in this trial was the risk of surgical site infection (SSI). There was no difference in the percentage of patients who developed SSIs between the two groups (857 patients; RR 0.96; 95% CI 0.62 to 1.48). The risk of SSI was 8.5% in the early bathing group and 8.8% after a few hours in the delayed bathing group. There is currently no evidence to support the use of showering or bathing immediately after surgery for the prevention of wound infection.
We found one randomised controlled trial (RCT) comparing prednisone with no treatment in 35 people with MS. The RCT had a high risk of bias (that is, there was a chance of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of the way the trial was run and the way participants were put in and out of the treatment groups) and did not measure the main outcome we were looking for. However, the RCT did find that participants who were treated with daily prednisolone improved after 12 weeks compared with those who were not, but the quality of the evidence was very low. There was little or no difference in the number of people who achieved remission, or change in quality of life after one year, or in the severity of the symptoms of MS. Side effects were the same with each treatment, except that sleeplessness was less common with monthly dexamethasone as was moon facies (the moon-shaped appearance of the face) with high-dose (four times a week) dexametazolone. We know that corticosteroids are helpful in the short term, but long-term use of corticostoids can lead to serious side effects. We are very uncertain about the effects of oral corticotropin-reuptake (prednisone) compared with no intervention, because the only RCT we found reported none of the outcomes we were planning to look at. Nevertheless, corticotrophins are commonly used in practice, and we know that they are good for short-term treatment for MS. We also know from other non-randomised studies that they can cause serious side effect. We need more research to find out which is the best way to treat MS.
We found six studies including a total of 2100 adults with asthma. Four of the six studies compared remote to face-to-face check-ups, and we combined the results of four of these in our main results. We could not say whether more people who had a remote check-up had an asthma flare-up that needed treatment with corticosteroids than those who were seen in person. We found that 21 out of 1000 people in the face- to-face group had an exacerbation that required a course of oral steroids over three months, compared to 36 in the remote-based group. We also found that there was no difference between the two groups in terms of asthma control or in quality of life, but we could not be sure that this was the same as the risk of death or serious side-effects from the treatment. The results of one of the studies showed that people who received a phone call were more than twice as likely to have their asthma checked up by telephone than if they had been in the presence of a healthcare provider. However, we do not know whether this was due to the fact that they were not aware of whether or not they were in the same group. The other study showed that the number of people who were followed-up by telephone was similar to that of those who had been seen in the real world. We are not able to say whether there is a risk of harm from the use of the telephone for people with asthma because the studies were not blinded and dropout rates were high, which may have led to bias.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 212 people with JIA. The RCTs evaluated the short-term and long-term effects of the exercise therapy. The results showed that there was no improvement in the patients' quality of life, pain, exercise capacity or exercise-related symptoms. None of the studies found that exercise was harmful. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found 19 randomised, double-blind, quasi-randomised, and quasi-experimental controlled trials (RCTs) with 2663 adults and children. We found that for outpatients (inpatients with mild to moderate flare-ups) treated with antibiotics, the risk of treatment failure (i.e. the time from the start of treatment to the end of treatment) was reduced from 295 to 212 per 1000 patients when the use of antibiotics was compared to a control group that did not have antibiotics. Antibiotics were not found to be helpful for patients with more than one flare-up in the first week after treatment, but this may be due to the fact that inpatients were not followed up for a long time after treatment began. In the only trial that looked at patients in the ICU, there was a large reduction in the number of patients who had to be re-exacerbated (i,e. had a new episode of infection) and the length of time spent in hospital. There was no difference in the numbers of people who died or who had diarrhoea between those who had and those who did not. There were no data on the effects of antibiotics on health-related quality of life or on other symptoms, and there was no increase in the rate of adverse events compared to the control group. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for all outcomes except death, which we judged to be of moderate to low quality. This means that further research is likely to have an effect on our conclusions and may change them. We judged the evidence of low quality for treatment failure to be based on results from one or more months after the end date of the trial. For the other outcomes, such as death and length of stay in hospital, we judged the results of the same as when we looked at results from randomised trials conducted in all settings (11 with outpatient patients, seven with inpatient, and one with ICU patients).
We found nine RCTs involving 1414 adults (age range 24 to 70; mean age 45 to 59, where reported) who were followed up for at least six months. We found no evidence of an effect of whole grain diets on the risk of death from any cause or on any of the major CVD events (total myocardial infarction, unstable angina, coronary artery bypass graft surgery, heart attack, stroke, heart valve replacement surgery, or total stroke). However, we found that there was low-quality, short-term (three to 16 weeks) and unclear or high risk of bias (study size was too small to rule out the role of chance) evidence on cholesterol and blood lipids. Four of the nine included studies were funded by a range of national and government funding bodies, while the other six were funded or had partial or full funding by organisations with commercial interests in cereals. There is not enough evidence to conclude whether or not there is a benefit of a 'whole grain' lifestyle on CVD risk factors such as cholesterol, blood lipid levels, and blood pressure. More research is needed.
We found 38 randomised and quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1896 adults with an orthopaedic fracture of the knee or hip. Three trials compared the use of an air-stirrup (a type of device that moves air around the joint) versus an orthosis or a walking cast. There was limited evidence from three of these trials that using an air stirrup improved the range of motion of the leg after surgery. One of the trials found 12 weeks of hypnosis did not have an effect on activity or other outcomes. In 10 of the included RCTs, starting weight-bearing made a benefit in the short-term (i.e. from the first day after surgery) of reduced pain (number of people with pain at the long term follow-up: 10/35 compared with 25/34) and range of movement in the non-fractured leg. However, this also led to a greater risk of adverse events (49/201 versus 20/197; RR 2.30, 95% CI 1.49 to 3.56; RR 3.06 to 4.56). The use of a removable type of immobilisation to enable exercise was found in five of the eight studies that assessed this outcome. There is no evidence of benefit for stretching, exercises or exercise in addition to exercise, or exercise compared with usual care. One trial found no effect for stretching. One study found ankle swelling to be reduced after non-thermal treatment compared with thermal pulsed shortwave diathermy. Evidence from one trial showed that using a backslab improved ankle dorsiflexion range of action compared with using a bandage. Five of the studies looked at the best way to support the leg in the long-term after surgery and found that there was not enough evidence to say which was the best method. One small, high-risk-of-bias (high risk of bias) trial found that some types of electrotherapy modalities may be helpful. There were no studies that looked at stretching, exercise or usual care following the surgery. More well-designed, large-scale, well-conducted and well-reported trials are required.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and three non-randomised trials (trials in which participants were assigned to one of two or more treatment groups using a random method) that evaluated the use of medication diaries, peer support group therapy, and a home-based nursing programme to improve adherence to ART. Two RCTs were from low-income countries, and the other three were from the USA and the UK. An RCT of caregiver medications diaries showed that the intervention group had fewer patients reporting no missed doses than the control group, but this difference was not significant. The intervention had no effect on CD4 percentage or viral load. A non-RCT of peer-based therapy for adolescents showed no change in self-reported adherence, yet the percentage of participants with suppressed viral load increased from 30% to 80% in the group on the lopinavir-ritonavir (LPV/r) regimen compared to the non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase (NNRTI) regimen. However, the proportion of children achieving >80% adherence was no different in the two groups. Peer-based carers' diaries do not appear to have an effect on adherence or disease outcomes. The other non-experimental RCT found that children on a lopavir/r regimen achieved greater viral load suppression than those on a non-lopvir-reverse transcriptase regimen. Peer support group treatment for adolescents did not change self-reports of adherence, but showed greater reduction in the amount of virus in the blood, suggesting a different mechanism for improved health outcomes. Well-planned, well-reported, and well-conducted trials are needed to assess the effectiveness of interventions to help children and adolescents with ART adherence.
This review found that a dose of fenoprofen 200 mg was effective at reducing the amount of pain that people had after having minor day surgery, third molar extraction, laparoscopy, and episiotomy. There was not enough data to assess other doses or active comparators, time to use of other painkillers, or numbers of people who needed more painkillers. There were no serious side effects or people who dropped out of the trials due to adverse events.
This is an update of a review that was first carried out in 2010 and includes six trials. Four of these were small (less than 25 women per arm) and there was a risk of bias in two out four trials in this comparison. The largest and most rigorous trial to date suggests that six months of PFMT has benefits in terms of anatomical and symptom improvement (if symptomatic) for prolapse in the short term (up to six months after the end of the trial) and in the longer term (over six months) for symptomatic prolapse. There is now some evidence to show that PFMT improves prolapse symptoms and severity compared to no PFMT. However, there is still a need for a large, well-designed trial to give clear evidence about the effects of adding PFMT to surgery. Other comparisons which have not been addressed in the trials to date and warrant consideration are those involving lifestyle changes (e.g. lifestyle change) and trials aimed at prolapse prevention.
We found 14 trials involving 1,724 people with CSOM. Most of the people in the trials had CSOM that had spread to both ears; some had otitis externa and mastoid cavities, and others had other types of ear infection. The studies were of poor quality, and follow-up was short. Topical quinolone antibiotics were better than no drug or antiseptics at clearing aural discharge at one week, but not at weeks one or three. There was no difference in the number of patients who were cured at the end of one week between those who had been treated with either a drug or an antiseptic, but this may have been due to one trial. Quinolones were also better at curing CSOM at two to four weeks, but the results for non-quinolone (antiseptic) antibiotics (without steroids) were mixed. It was not clear whether there was a benefit of using quins to treat CSOM when compared to no drug treatment, and it is not clear if there is a risk of adverse events from the use of quins. More research is likely to have an impact on our confidence in the results.
We included 21 studies with a total of 6253 participants (5515 were included in the analysis). Studies were conducted from 1974 to 2011, with 80% of the studies conducted in the 1970's, 1980's or 1990's. Most studies did not report the way they were done well and many had high applicability concerns. The use of FRS to diagnose schizophrenia in triage will lead to around five to 19 out of 100 people in every 100 who have FRS as having schizophrenia and the use of this test will result in around 40% of these people not being assessed by a clinician. Some of these patients may experience a delay in getting the right treatment. Others, whom the clinician will consider to have schizophrenia, could be discharged from hospital too soon if triage relies on the presence of the FRS. Empathetic, considerate use of the test should avoid a good proportion of these errors. We hope that newer tests - to be included in future Cochrane reviews - will show that symptoms of first rank can still be helpful where newer tests are not available.
We found 10 RCTs, of which 5 were new to this update. There were 2003 participants in the 9 educational interventions and 44 in the 1 psychosocial self-help study. The largest and most robust study (n = 992) was the first to use the SCORAD (SCORing Atopic Dermatitis Severity Assessment, a tool to assess the severity of atopic eczema) tool. It provided six standardised, age-appropriate group education sessions. The other studies were delivered in the same way: nurse- and dermatologist-led groups of children in primary- and secondary-care settings. We did not find any studies that used psychological interventions. We found that all interventions were added to the usual care of the children in the studies. There was a reduction in the number of children who had a severe flare-up of the disease in all but three of the five studies, which could not be combined in the meta-analysing of the quality of life measure. Parents of children aged 8 to 12 years who received the intervention group had a greater improvement in their child’s overall health than the group that did not have the intervention. We also found that children aged 3 months to 7 years benefited from the education group compared with the control group, and those aged 13 to 18 years benefited more than those who did not receive the educational group. We were not able to draw conclusions about the impact of the interventions on sleep because of the lack and imprecision of the results. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. The studies in both the original review and this update lack detail about the way in which the interventions were carried out, and do not use a complex approach to design. Few use an explicit method of analysing the effects of the intervention, and the components of each intervention are not well described. A lack of rigorously designed trials has led to a lack of evidence of the effectiveness of the use of educational and psychological interventions in helping to manage the condition of atypical eczematitis in children. However, there is some evidence from included paediatric studies that these may lead to improvements in the overall in terms of severity of disease and in the children's health, and that these improvements may be greater in the younger age groups. Further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect and is required.
We found 14 trials involving a total of 7753 people with LRTI. HBOT appears to reduce the chance of ORN in people who have had their head, neck, anus and rectum irradiated. There was no evidence that HBOT had any effect on the risk of brain or spinal cord injury, and there was no information on the use of HBOT to treat other manifestations of LRTIs. The trials did not report any adverse events. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found 10 RCTs with a total of 2961 participants. Four of the 10 studies compared the use of blunt needles to sharp needles for the closure of an open abdominal wound, four for the caesarean section, one for vaginal surgery and one for hip surgery. The use of the blunt needles was found to reduce the risk of the perforation of the surgeon's glove. On average, a surgeon that used sharp needles sustained one glove perforations in three operations. On the other hand, a surgery that used blunt needles resulted in one perforated glove in every six operations. In four of the studies, the number of self-reports of needle stick injuries was less than half that of surgeons that used the sharp needles. Because the force needed for the blunt needle to penetrate the skin is greater than that of the sharp one, their use was rated as more difficult but still acceptable in five out of six studies. The quality of the evidence was high. This means that it is likely that further research will not change our conclusions.
We found that trifluoperazine was no different from other low-potency antipsychotic drugs in terms of the number of people who responded to treatment and the number with at least one side-effects. Trifluopazine was also no different in the acceptability of treatment with equivocal number of patients who dropped out of the trials due to any reason. There was no difference in the amount of side-side-effects between the two groups. However, there were more movement disorders in the low potency group (trifluoplazine 23% compared with 13% in the high-potence group) as well as problems with poor co-ordination and poor rigor. No data were available for other outcomes of interest such as death, sedation and quality of life. The number of randomised trials was low and the quality of evidence ranged from moderate to very low, so more, newer studies would be needed for conclusions about the differences in effectiveness and side-effect rates.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) including 593 preterm infants in total. The trials were small and had a number of flaws in the way they were designed. We found that infants who were fed in response to feeding and followed hunger cues were more likely to gain weight in the first few days of life and achieve full feeds from a tube than infants fed at the same time each day. We also found that the time taken for infants to transition from tube to mouth was 5.5 days shorter if they were fed on the first day of life from an entral tube than if they received their feeds on time, but we are not sure if this had an effect on the length of time spent in hospital. None of the trials reported any of the parents, carers, or staff views of the intervention. Overall, the data do not provide strong or consistent evidence that this type of feeding affects the health of preterm preterm babies or their families. Some (low quality) evidence exists that preterm newborns who are fed on time by feeding and satiation cues achieve full feedings from the tube earlier than those infants who receive feedings on time. This is uncertain as the trials did not find a strong or clear difference in the number of days spent in the hospital. A large RCT would be needed to confirm this finding and to find out if this is the case for other outcomes.
We found that there were no major events in the included in the studies. There was no information on mortality or rate of limb loss. The review did not report on the use of folic acid, 5-methyltetrahydrofolate, multivitamin B, or 5-MTHF in the treatment of hyperhomocysteinaemia in peripheral arterial disease.
We found that there have been a small amount of randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that have looked at the impact of the use of fee-for-service payments on the amount of time that dentists spend in the clinic and the number of fillings and extractions that are carried out, as well as on patients’ health care costs. However, there have not been many RCTs that have been done in this area. One RCT, which was carried out in four of the most deprived areas of the UK, found that a fee for the care of a child in the first year after primary care was paid, led to an increase in the amount that the child’s primary care dentists did in terms of the time that was spent in the hospital and on preventive care. The other RCT compared capitation (where teeth are restored at a later stage in the disease process in the capitation system) payments with fees for the service provided by the dentist. In this case, the dentists tended to see their patients less often and tended to carry out less fillens and extraction, but also to give more preventive advice. The study did not assess the cost-effectiveness of the different remuneration methods. We judged the risk of bias to be high for both studies and the quality of the evidence was low/very low for all outcomes. This means that we are uncertain about the reliability of the results.
We found 21 randomised trials involving over 17,000 women and their babies. One trial did not contribute data to the review. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2014. We found that the risk of preterm birth was 14% lower in the group of women who took zinc compared with those who did not take zinc. The risk of stillbirth or neonatal death was the same in both groups. There was no difference in the numbers of babies with low birthweight between the groups. No clear differences were seen in any of the other outcomes, except for induction of labour, which was reported in one trial. No differences were found in the subgroups of women with low versus normal zinc and nutrition levels or in women who did or did not comply with their treatment. The quality of the evidence was moderate for preterm births, small-for-gestational age, and low birthweights, but low for stillbirth and neonatal deaths and birthweight. The included trials were generally at low risk of bias.
We found 10 RCTs (1656 adults and children) comparing probiotics to antifungal drugs. All trials used probiotics as an adjuvant therapy in the treatment of patients with fungal infections. The use of probiotics increased the rate of short-term cure and decreased the relapse rate at one month. However, this did not translate into a higher frequency of long-term clinical cure. Probiotics use does not seem to increase the frequency of serious or non-serious adverse events. There is a need for well-designed randomised controlled trials with longer follow-up and a larger sample size.
We found that progestogens (progesterone and progestogen-like drugs) may reduce the risk of miscarriage compared to placebo or no treatment, but may have little or no effect on the rate of preterm birth. We are not sure if progesterone has any effects on the number of babies born preterm, as the quality of the evidence was very low. The quality of evidence for the main outcomes ranged from very low to moderate. There was a high risk of bias in six of the trials and a small number of events in some of the other outcomes.
We identified a large number of trials of laser photocoagulation of diabetic retinopathy (n = 83) but only five of these studies were eligible for inclusion in the review, i.e. they were all conducted in the USA, one study in the UK and one in Japan. A total of 4786 people (9503 eyes) were included in these studies. The majority of the participants in four of these trials were people with proliferative retinitis; one trial recruited mainly people with non-proliferative retineopathy; four of the trials used an argon laser and one study used a laser to treat the non-perfusion area. Three of the studies compared laser treatment to no laser treatment and the other three compared laser treatments to deferred laser treatment. All five trials were at risk of bias due to the way they were done and the fact that they did not use the same type of laser as the one that was used in the control group. Three studies were at high risk of attrition bias, which means that some eyes may have been lost to follow-up. At 12 months after the end of treatment, there was no difference in the risk of loss of 15 or more letters of visual acuity between eyes that received laser treatment compared to eyes that did not receive laser treatment in terms of the number of eyes that had lost at least one letter of vision. There was a 20% reduction in this risk at five years in eyes that were treated with laser, but this was not found in the longer term. Treatment with laser resulted in a 50% lower risk of progression of the disease and a similar risk of vitreous haemorrhage. None of the other outcomes we planned to look at, such as quality of life, pain, loss of driving licence or side effects such as retinal detachment, were reported. We judged the evidence to be moderate or low, depending on the outcome. This is partly due to reporting of trials that were carried out many years ago, after which laser treatment has become the mainstay of treatment for people with this type of disease. Future Cochrane Reviews on variations in the laser treatment protocol are planned.
We found that CPAP or bilevel NPPV may reduce the rate of tracheal intubation and the length of time spent in the ICU. We found no differences in the number of deaths (low or very low) and hospital length of stay. There was not enough evidence to be able to be sure if CPAP had an effect on anastomotic leakage, pneumonia- and sepsis- and infections-- or both. Findings from one trial of 60 adults who were treated with CPAP compared to oxygen therapy, showed that the treatment may improve blood gas levels and blood pH one hour after the end of treatment. The trials included in this review did not report information on gastric insufflation, fistulae, pneumothorax, bleeding, skin breakdown, eye irritation, sinus congestion, oronasal dryness, or patient-ventilator asynchrony, and the use of ventilators. The evidence is up to date as of March 2016. We included a total of 269 adults with an age range from 18 to 65 years old. The participants were most men (67%), and the mean age was 65 years. The studies were conducted in China and Italy (one was a multicentre (centre) trial). Both studies were at high risk of bias (that is, there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way that the trial was run and the way in which it was run). We judged both studies to be at a high to low risk of systematic error (ie, there were too few events to be certain that the true effect of the intervention was the same as the one that we found).
We found four trials involving 388 women that were judged to be at an unclear to high risk of bias overall. Three of the four trials compared diazepam with an alternative agent (ketamine; vinydan-ether; "other" anaesthesic agent) for the provision of general anaesthesia, and one trial compared spinal analgesia to pudendal nerve block (in both groups lignocaine was administered). All four of the trials were at a risk of systematic error (ie, there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way that the studies were run and performed) and had a number of flaws in the way they were carried out. All four trials assessed analgesia for forceps delivery. There was no evidence to suggest that any one analgesic was better than any other in terms of providing pain relief. There were no trials that looked at the impact of analgesia on the health of the babies. None of the studies looked at serious adverse events for the mothers or babies, and no trials looked at whether there were any deaths in the newborns.
We found 15 RCTs with a total of 1048 adults with asthma. Most of the trials were from India, and most were from Europe and the USA. The majority of participants were adults of both sexes with mild to mild asthma who were followed up for six months to more than 23 years. Five of the 15 trials assessed the effects of yoga breathing alone, while the other five studies assessed yoga interventions that used breathing, posture, and meditation. The studies lasted from two weeks to 54 months, for no more than six months in the majority of studies. The risk of bias was low across all domains in one study and unclear or high in at least one of the other for the remainder. We found that there was some evidence that yoga may lead to improvements in quality of life and symptoms in people with asthma, but we were not able to draw conclusions about the impact on lung function and medication use due to the small size of the effect. We did not find evidence that the change in forced expiratory volume in one second (the amount of air that a person can breathe out in a second) was greater with yoga, and we could not be sure whether the change was greater than or less than 0.5 units on a scale of 0 to 100. No serious adverse events were reported, but the data on this outcome was limited. Overall, we found that the quality of evidence was moderate, which means that further research is likely to have an effect on our confidence in the results.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (249 adults and children) comparing a range of drug treatments to each other or to a placebo (sugar pill) in people with IBM. All of the trials included in this review were small and had a high risk of bias, which means that it is difficult to say whether or not any of the drug treatments used in this Cochrane review were effective. Many of the studies did not report information that could be used to assess the effect of the treatments in relation to the main outcome measure of the review, which was the percentage change in muscle strength score at six months. Trials of interferon beta-1a and methotrexate (MTX) (n = 58) showed that there was no effect of these drugs on the progression of the disease. A trial of ATG (ATG combined with MTX and MTX versus MTX) provided very low-quality evidence in favour of the combined treatment based on the change in quality of life scores at 12 months. We were not able to draw conclusions from trials of IVIg, oxandrolone, and AZA plus MTX compared to MTX. We need more trials that are larger, of longer duration, and that use well-validated, standardised, and measured outcome measures. The trials of simvastatin and bimagrumab (BYM338) are still ongoing. None of the 10 trials reported adverse events, and none of the included trials assessed the risk of serious adverse events. Overall, it is not clear whether any drug treatment is better or worse than any other for the treatment of IBM.
We found nine RCTs (3144 participants) comparing linezolid with vancomycin in adults with SSTIs caused by MRSA. We found that linezolol was more than twice as likely to cure the SSTI and to reduce the number of people who got the infection in the blood. There was no difference in all-cause deaths between linezoli and vancomylcin. There were fewer cases of red man syndrome, pruritus and rash in the linezolic group than in the other treatment groups. The length of time spent in hospital was three days shorter for those treated with linezolinol. The cost of treatment was less with the use of linezole than with the other treatments. The evidence is up to date as of July 2013. The available evidence is based on studies that were supported by the drug company that makes linezolate. Further well-designed studies are needed to confirm the results.
We included eight RCTs with a total of 512 patients in this review. Our analysis showed that there was no difference in the number of patients who died, survived, or were still alive at the end of surgery, except for delayed gastric emptying, which favoured the percutaneous transluminal ventricle resection procedure. We found that some of the perioperative outcomes, such as the need for a red blood cell transfusion, and time spent in the operating room, favour the pneu-peritoneal resection. However, there is a need for further research in this area. Overall, the quality of evidence was low.
The aim of this review was to assess the effects of the drug nimodipine in a subgroup of brain injury patients with subarachnoid haemorrhage. Six RCTs, with a total of 1862 patients, were included in the review. The risk of death was reported in five of the six trials. In the other five trials, the risk of dying was not reported. The number of deaths in the subgroup with severe brain injury was 59 in two of the five trials and in three of the trials the risk was 67 in the group with severe head injury. Adverse reactions to the drug caused by the drug may mean that the drug is harmful for some patients.
We included four RCTs with a total of 3090 participants in this review. Three of the trials were considered to be at a low risk of bias, and one trial was considered to have a high risk. When survival to discharge was compared, 38 of 320 (11.88%) participants in the initial CPR plus delayed defibrillation group and 39 of 338 (10.54%) in the immediate defibrillation group survived to discharge. When we looked at the outcomes at one year, we could not be sure whether one treatment was better than the other. Adverse events were not reported in any of the four trials. We have not been able to conclude conclusively whether one and one-half to three minutes of CPR is as good as the other for reducing the risk of death or brain injury in OHCA. Further research in this area is needed.
This is an update of a review that was first carried out in 2010. The search was updated in 2013 and found three new randomised controlled trials. Ten trials were found that met the criteria for inclusion in the review. Only one study reported live birth rates. The number of oocytes retrieved was less in the GnRHa long protocol group compared to the stop protocol and GnRH antagonist group. The total dose of gonadotrophins used was higher in the gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) agonist group. Cancellation rates were more than twice that of the other comparison groups. None of the studies reported a difference in the rates of ectopic pregnancies (pregnant women who have had an ectopic pregnancy but do not have a live birth). There is not enough evidence to support the use of one or more of the following: GnRH agonists, pituitary down regulation, ovary stimulation or adjuvant therapy. More good quality RCTs with relevant outcomes are needed.
This is an update of the original Cochrane Schizophrenia review, which was first published in 2004. The review now has a total of 53 randomised controlled trials. This is an overview of the research on the effects of family care for people with schizophrenia. Family care may reduce the risk of relapsing (reoccurrences) and the need for treatment in the short term (up to six months) but does not seem to affect the number of people who leave care. It seems to encourage the use of medication and may encourage people to take their medication. It does not appear to have an effect on the likelihood of leaving care. We did not find data to suggest that family care either prevents or promotes suicide. However, due to the poor quality of many of the trials, it is not possible to draw conclusions about the long-term effects of this type of care.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that evaluated the use of DEBs in the management of in-stent restenosis. These trials were carried out in Germany and Austria and used paclitaxel as the agent in the drug-eluting balloons. Two of the three RCTs were industry-sponsored. All three trials compared DEBs with uncoated balloon angioplasty. We found that DEBs were more likely to reduce the risk of amputation and improve the number of people who had their artery re-opened for up to 24 months after the end of treatment. The risk of death was no greater in the DEBs group than in the uncoate group. We did not find any clear differences in the numbers of patients who died between the two groups. We also found that people who were treated with DEBs had a greater chance of the artery to re-open for at least 24 months than those who were not. However, we could not be sure of these findings due to the small size of the trials and the high risk of bias in the way the trials were designed. More well-designed, large-scale, and well-planned trials are needed before we can be certain about the effectiveness and safety of this treatment option.
We found that the use of corticosteroids in the acute phase of KD reduced the risk of coronary artery problems and the length of time that a child spent in hospital. This means that we are reasonably confident that the true effect is close to that estimated in this work. There were not many adverse events due to use of steroids, but there were too few events to be sure that this was the case. Certain groups, including those based in Asia, those with higher risk scores, and those receiving longer steroids may have greater benefit from steroid use, especially with decreasing rates of heart problems, but more tests are needed to answer these questions. Evidence was considered to be of high quality for serious adverse events, death and time for blood tests to return to normal. It was of moderate quality for the incidence of the coronary artery problem and for the duration of clinical symptoms (fever, rash). Evidence was moderate for length of hospital stay as only one study recorded this outcome.
We found eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared PIP with control (i.e. a group of people who received no treatment) or with other treatments (e.g. another PIP, video-interaction guidance, psychosocial training, counselling or cognitive behavioural therapy). The RCTs included 846 women with a range of postpartum depression, anxious or insecure attachment, maltreated, and women who had been abused in prison. We found that PIP was no more or less likely than other treatments to reduce the risk of parental depression, and was no different in any of the other outcomes we looked at. There was improvement in the number of infants who were able to be secured to their mothers' arms and legs at post-intervention (post-treatment), and in the proportion of newborns who were secure in their mother's arms and hands. However, there was no change in the infant's risk of being disorganised or in the baby's behaviour. There were no differences between PIP and other treatment groups for any of our other outcomes, such as adverse events (side effects), or any changes in the babies' behaviour or development. We rated the quality of the evidence as low or very low for all of the outcomes. This means that we are uncertain about the accuracy of the results and that further research is very likely to have an impact on our confidence in the results.
We found one new study in this update of the review. In total, we found 11 trials (with 753 participants) that met our inclusion criteria. The low-quality of evidence showed no differences in the short-term outcomes of Apgar scores at one minute and at five-minute. The very low-grade evidence showed that in comparison to room air, women in labour in labour with a caesarean section who had extra oxygen had a greater increase in the amount of oxygen in the blood, as well as maternal and neonatal blood gas values and markers of free radicals. A subgroup analysis showed no difference in UaPO2 (blood pressure in the umbilical arterial blood) in low-risk studies, whereas the high-risk trials showed a benefit for the neonatal oxygen group. None of the 11 randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled and quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the long-term benefit or harm of giving extra oxygen to healthy term pregnant women who had a planned regional anaesthetist-led caesarian section for an elective caesaran section. There was high risk of bias in the RCTs.
We found twelve randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 2196 participants. Four of these studies were new in this 2011 update of our 2006 Cochrane review. Six of the twelve RCTs provided data on the percentage of pills taken. We found that the use of reminder packaging resulted in an 11% increase in the number of pills patients took compared to those who did not use the device. We did not find that there was an effect on self-reported adherence (i.e. patients who took the pills but did not report that they had taken them) or on blood pressure. However, we found that patients who used the device were less likely to have high blood pressure (mean change -1.01 points, 95% CI -2.22 to 0.20 points) and had a systolic blood pressure of 1.01 mmHg. We also found that people who used reminder packaging had lower levels of haemoglobin in their blood (oglobin is a type of red blood cell that carries oxygen in the blood, and is a sign of the body’s need to carry oxygen). We were not able to analyse the results of the other outcomes that we planned to look at in this review, such as serum vitamin C and E levels, and patients’ views on their own health, as only one trial looked at these. In one study the presence of a reminder packaging aid was found to be preferred by patients with low literacy levels. Reminder packing may be a simple method for improving adherence for patients with some conditions. Further research is needed to find out how often and how often these devices should be used, and how well they work.
We found 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing 11 different drugs (methylprednisolone, multivitamin antioxidants, amrinone, prostaglandin E1, pentoxifylline, mannitol, trimetazidine, dextrose, allopurinol, and OKY 046 (a thromboxane A2 synthetase inhibitor)). All trials had high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions due to the play of chance). There were no differences between the groups in the risk of death, liver failure, or perioperative morbidity. Trimetazidine reduced the time spent in hospital by more than three days in the group that had a lower risk of ischaemia reperfusion injury compared with the control group. However, there is a high chance of type I and type II errors because of the few trials included, the small sample size in each trial, and the small number of participants. The use of these drugs should be restricted to well-planned, well-conducted, and well-reported RCTs.
We found 61 randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, cross-over studies of adults with any type of cancer who received treatment with cisplatin, carboplatin, ifosfamide, or any of these drugs or surgery to the kidney. We found that the number of people with kidney problems after treatment with these drugs ranged from 0% to 84%. The risk of having a kidney problem after treatment ranged from 2.4% to 32% and the risk of kidney damage ranged from 1.8% to 3.2% after treatment, depending on the type of treatment and the age of the participants. The number of patients with kidney damage varied from 0 to 84% and ranged from 3.5% to 82% in the non-randomized, non-blinded, and non-transfertile groups. The risk factors for kidney damage were the use of chemotherapy, surgery, low blood pressure, low white blood cell count (hypophosphataemia) and proteinuria. Treatment-related risk factors were tumour of the abdomen (abdominal radiotherapy) and TBI (involving surgery to treat the tumour in the abdomen). The quality of evidence was low to very low, which may be due to the diversity of included malignancies, the types of treatments, the way in which participants were treated, the outcomes measured, the length of time participants were followed-up, and the quality of the evidence. It was not possible to draw any firm conclusions about the risk factor for any of the kidney problems in people with cancer who had surgery or who had cancer in the other parts of the body. The evidence is up to date as of March 2016.
We found that Niprisan® (also known as Nicosan®) and Cajanus cajan (Ciklavit®) may be effective in reducing episodes of severe painful crises in sickle cell disease over a six-month follow-up period. However, the results of the multicentre trials are awaited. No serious adverse events were reported. The one trial of Cajanscajan reported a benefit to those with painful crises, and a non-significant effect on the level of anaemia. Currently no conclusions can be made about the efficacy of Ciklavits. Based on the published results for Nipisan® and in view of the limitations in the quality of the results from both trials, phytomedicines may have a benefit in reducing the occurrence of episodes of painful crises. This needs to be further assessed in future trials.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that included a total of 1999 adults with HL and a negative PET scan. All three RCTs compared standard treatment (chemotherapy plus radiotherapy) with PET-adapted therapy (chemaapy only) in people with HL who had a PET scan that did not show any signs of tumour and who did not have a tumour on the scan itself. Two of the trials were conducted in the UK, one in the USA and one in Australia. The third trial was more complex. In the UK study, participants with HL were divided into those with a favourable or unfavourable prognosis. They were then randomised to receive PET-based therapy or standard treatment. The other two trials were carried out in Australia and the USA. To date, data have been published for the PET-negative arms in all three trials. Of the 1999 included in the three trials, only 1480 were analysed. The 519 excluded patients were either PET-positive, or were excluded from the review because they did not match the criteria for inclusion in the review. One study reported no deaths in the group of participants who received PET-treatment and two in the other two groups. The overall risk of bias of the studies was not reported, but it is likely that there was no blinding (i.e. whether participants and those treating them were aware of which group the patients were in) in one study. One of the other studies was only published in an abstract form, so we were not able to assess the risk of systematic error in the way that it was carried out. The risk of publication of bias was very low in one of the two studies, and the other in the third. We found that PFS (time to death) was shorter in those who had PET-treatments (with or with no treatment of the tumour) only than in those treated with radiotherapy. This difference was apparent in comparisons of those who received chemotherapy but no treatment (PET-treatment) and in those in the treatment arms that received both. No data on long-term AEs were reported in any of the three studies. No robust data on OS, response rate, TRM, QoL, or short- and long- term AEs are available. Overall, we found that the PFS was longer in those with HL with a positive PET scan who had only PET treatment and no other treatment for HL than in people who had both PET and other treatments for HL. It is still not clear whether PET treatment is helpful in all patients with HL, and it is not known whether PET--based treatments are better or worse than other types of treatment. More trials with longer follow ups may lead to more precise results for AEs, TRMs and QosL, and could assess whether this PFS advantage will translate into an overall survival benefit.
We found 31 randomised, double-blind, quasi-randomized, and quasi-blind trials that looked at the same types of birth-control pills, injectables, a vaginal ring, and implants. We did not find any new trials in 2014. Twenty-one of the trials looked at combined oral contraceptives (COCs) and others looked at different types of COCs, progestin-only pills, injections, vaginal rings, and a vaginal implant. Twelve of the 31 studies looked at desogestrel pills, and the few differences from levonorgestrel-type pills were not very clear. Where data could not be combined, single studies showed lower mean fasting glucose and higher means for glucose response and insulin area under the curve (AUC) and mean change in AUC. Three of the studies compared the etonogestr vaginal ring and one looked at an implant. Of eight trials of norethisterone preparations, five looked at oral contraceptive pills and three looked at injectables. In a COC trial, the group with a nomegestrel acetate plus 17β-estradiol pill had a lower AUC and AUC than the group without the drug. In an injectable study, a group with depot medroxyprogesterone acetate had higher means than the injectable group for fasting glucose, glucose two-hour response, and fasting insulin. Among five recent trials, two looked at newer types of hormonal birth-stimulant pills with different estrogen types. One showed the group using a depoetin had less AUC, but the other than the depoletin group. The other showed the depopulant group had a greater AUC in the first 24 hours after the birth. We still do not know very much about women at risk for metabolic problems due to being overweight. More than half of the included trials had small numbers of participants and some had large losses. Many of the earlier studies had few reports of methods.
We found 10 RCTs with a total of 579 adults (aged 18 years and over) with symptomatic hip OA. Nine trials (549 adults) showed that exercise reduced pain by an average of 0.38 points on a 0- to 100-point scale (0 was no pain or loss of quality of life) and reduced the number of points on which there was pain by 8 points (95% CI 4 to 11 points) and the amount of pain that was reduced by 7 points in the control group compared with the group that did not exercise. Only three trials (183 adults) found that there was no difference between the groups in terms of the numbers of people who were able to walk and those who were not able to do this. Five of the 10 trials (393 adults) looked at people with hip or knee OA and found that exercise was no more or less likely to cause people to drop out of the exercise group than the other two groups. One of the five trials (130 adults) reported side-effects and all were related to increased pain due to the exercise programme. Overall, the quality of the evidence was high for pain, but was low for the other outcomes. There was moderate- to low-quality evidence that people were more than twice as likely to withdraw from the treatment group (6% versus 3%) if they had been in the non-exercising group (1% to 4%), but this difference was not significant. Of the five studies that looked at side effects, each study reported only one or only one event and all of them were due to an increase in pain caused by the exercise programmes. The results of these 10 trials showed that a land-based exercise programme can reduce pain and improve the way in which people can walk, run, sit, sit and play in the short and long term.
We found nine high-quality RCTs with a total of 260 adults with MS. Six trials looked at the effects of exercise therapy compared to no treatment, whereas three studies looked at exercises that both met our criteria for the comparison. We found strong evidence in favour of the use of exercises in patients with MS not experiencing an exacerbation in terms of the strength of the muscles, the capacity of the body to cope with exercise, and the number of people who were able to do some of the activities of daily life. We also found that there was some improvement in mood and tiredness, as well as in the amount of time that people spent in bed. There was no difference in the numbers of patients who felt tired or felt that they had a handicap when compared to those who did not do any exercise. No evidence was found that one type of exercise programme was better than any other. There is an urgent need for a core set of outcome measures to be used in all trials. In order to do this, there needs to be a large, well-designed and well-conducted trial with a large number of patients. In addition, these trials should be well-balanced in that they should control for 'dose' of treatment, type of MS and should test out different types of exercises.
We found only one randomised trial (75 adults with a mean age of 43 years; females: 65% of participants) that was at a high risk of bias (that is, there is a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way the trial was run and the way that the results were analysed). The trial compared early laparoscopy (less than 24 hours after diagnosis) with delayed laparoscopic cholecystectomy (four months after the surgery had been planned) in a group of 35 adults with bile duct disease who had been waiting for the results of an elective laparopoietic surgery. There were no deaths in the early group (0/35) (0%) compared with 1/40 (2.5%) in the delay-based group (P > 0.9999). There was no serious adverse events related to the surgery in any of the two groups (P = 0.0082). This trial did not report quality of life or the time to return to work. The proportion of people who had surgery to open the gallbladder was 0/28 (0%), which was less than half that of the number in the delayed group (9/40 or 22.5%). There was a reduction in the number of patients who required conversion to open surgery (from open surgery to laparoscope surgery) from 6/35 (17.1%) to 17.1% (P= 0.0743). The length of time spent in hospital was 1.25 days in the earlier than in the late group (MD -2.05 to -0.45). Operating time was 14.80 minutes shorter in the later group than the late one (MD 18.02 to -11.58). Based on evidence from only one high-bias risk trial, it was found that the time taken for the surgery to be done was one day less than the time that people had to spend in the hospital. The time that the surgery took to do was one and a half hours shorter than that of four months. Further high-risk trials are needed to confirm or refute these findings.
We found 11 randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, cross-over trials that assessed the use of prophylactic antibiotics for orthognathic surgery in adults. We found that long-term (three months or more) prophytic antibiotics are likely to reduce the risk of SSI compared with short-term antibiotics. We are uncertain about the effect of short term prophlytic antibiotics on SSI, and we are not able to draw any conclusion from the results of the short- and long- term pre-operative doses of short- or long-stay antibiotics. None of the trials assessed or assessed other outcomes, and there was not enough information to show whether one type of antibiotic was better than any other. We rated the quality of evidence for our main outcomes as moderate to low. Most of the studies had an unclear risk of bias, which may have led to imprecision in the results.
We found only one randomised, double-blind, quasi-randomised controlled trial comparing preterm birth at 36 weeks' gestation for babies with gastroschisis to spontaneous birth. The trial was too small and under-sized to be able to show whether there were any differences between the groups in terms of the number of deaths or the length of stay in the neonatal ward. There was a small mean (SD 1.5) difference in gestational age at birth, which was 35.8 weeks (SD 0.7) in the elective group and 36.7 weeks in the spontaneous group. It is not possible to say whether the intervention is beneficial or harmful for these babies or their mothers. Further research is needed in this area.
We found three studies in adults, all of which used paracetamol as an add-on to strong painkillers (morphine-like drugs, such as oxycodone, codeine, and hydrocortisone) already used in the treatment of cancer pain. We found no studies in children. All three of the studies were small and at high risk of bias, which means that their results may not be valid. None of the three included studies reported any of our main outcomes: participants with pain reduction of at least 50%, and at least 30%, from the start of the study; people with pain that was no worse than mild at the end of the trial; or people with a very good or very good quality of life. What pain reports there were indicated no difference in pain when added to other painkillers. There was no evidence of a clear difference in the effect on quality of the patient's life, use of other drugs to treat pain, or people's satisfaction with the use of the drugs. Measures of harm (adverse events, other adverse events, and withdrawal due to lack of effect) were inconsistent and provided no clear evidence of difference. Our assessment of the quality of evidence was very low, due to problems with the design of the randomised, quasi-randomised, cross-over, and quasi-cross-over studies, and the small size of the trials.
This is an update of a Cochrane review that was first published in 2004. Fifteen randomised controlled trials were found, 14 of which were from the USA, 14 from China and 14 from the UK. Most of the drugs were antimuscarinics (astemizole, diphenhydramine, propantheline, doxepin, oryzanol and astemizole) that are used in Chinese medicine. There are too few data to be sure that any of these drugs are as good as the other drugs and there are too many flaws in the way that they were compared to each other. There is a need for well-designed, well-planned, randomised trials to determine which drugs are the best to use in this area.
We found six RCTs, with a total of 195 adults with MS, that evaluated the effects of exercising the muscles of the lungs with a resistive threshold device compared to no active control or sham (sham) training. We pooled and analysed data of 5 trials (N=137) for both inspiratory and expiratory muscle training, using a fixed-effect model for all but one outcome. We found that when we combined the results of the five trials, there was no clear difference between the two groups in terms of the amount of pressure that the lungs could reach when the device was placed on the top of the lung. However, we found that in people with mild to moderate MS, when we used a random-effects model, we did not find that there was a difference in the number of times that the lung could reach the maximum amount of air that can reach the lungs from the chest. We did not have the data to assess quality of life, but we did find that people with MS who had exercised their lungs were no more tired than those who had not. It was not possible to assess the risk of adverse events in any of the trials. The quality of evidence was low for all outcomes because of limitations in the design and implementation of the studies as well as imprecision of the results. This evidence is up to date as of March 2018.
We found one randomised controlled trial (RCT) comparing the use of betamethasone (1.5 mg/day) with no drugs to treat ITP in 38 women (41 pregnancies) who were randomised to either treatment or to no treatment. This RCT did not show that there was a reduction in the risk of neonatal thrombocytopenia (blood clots in the brain) and bleeding when compared to no medication. The risk of perinatal death, postpartum haemorrhage (blood in the baby's head) and neonatal intracranial bleedage were not assessed by this RCT. There is currently not enough evidence to support the routine use of beta-blockers in the treatment of ITP during pregnancy. This Cochrane review does not provide evidence about other treatments for ITP. The review identified the need for well-designed, large, randomised, and well-conducted randomised trials to test the effectiveness and safety of these drugs.
We found that DALK is less likely to fail than DALK, but that there is a greater risk of graft failure in the DALK group. We found no difference in the number of eyes that needed to be re-sutured at three months post-graft or any of the other time points analysed (GRADE rating: very low). However, we found some evidence that graft failure is more likely to occur in penetrating keratoplasty, which is a type of surgery in which the corneal stroma is separated from the cornea by a thin membrane called a endothelium. Other adverse events, of varying severity, were reported in both types of surgery. For both groups, these included postoperative astigmatism, steroid-induced ocular hypertension (high blood pressure in the eye due to the use of steroids to treat inflammation) and a proliferation of blood vessels where the host cornea and donor cornea come close to each other. In the penetrating group, one of the grafts had to be resutured and one had an atonic pupil (pupils do not dilate and do not respond to treatment). Overall, the quality of the evidence was rated as very low to moderate. There were problems with the design of both of the studies and there was a high risk of bias in several aspects of the way they were carried out. This means that we are uncertain as to whether one technique is better or worse than the other.
We found 67 randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials (from 76 reports) involving 8506 women. We found that iron was better than no iron in reducing the risk of anaemia and iron-deficiency anaemia, raising haemoglobin and iron levels in the blood, and improving the amount of iron in the urine. Women were less likely to be anaemic at the end of treatment compared to those who did not take iron, and were more likely to have iron in their blood. Women receiving iron had a lower risk of iron deficiency than those not taking iron. We did not find any evidence of an increased risk of nausea or stomach pain in those who took iron, but this may have happened by chance. We could not be sure whether iron improves cognitive performance in women, as individual studies did not use the same measures and used a range of measures. We also found that women who had iron were more than twice as likely to experience loose stools/diarrhoea and eight out of 10 women had hard stools (stools that get stuck in the gut) compared to women who received no iron. There was no difference in the number of women who experienced abdominal pain, nausea or pain when taking iron, although this may be due to chance. Only 10 of the 67 studies were considered at low overall risk of bias, with most of the other 10 at high risk. The evidence is up to date as of March 2015.
We found five studies with a total of 1,726 patients. The review found that the combination of irinotecan and fluoropyrimidine did not reduce the risk of death from any cause. There was no reduction in all-cause death in the combination arm, with a risk of 0.91 (95% CI: 0.81-1.02). Longer progression-free survival was observed in those treated with the combination treatment, but this result may have been driven by one study in a first-line treatment setting. There were higher risks of adverse events such as diarrhoea and grade 1 or 2 alopecia, and a lower risk of grade 3 or 4 neutropenia in the control group compared to the invervention group. The quality of evidence for overall survival was low and for the time to the end of treatment for the disease was moderate.
We found that a transverse or oblique incision has less impact on lung function and is less prone to rupture (wound dehiscence/incisional hernia). The data on pain is less clear and should be interpreted with caution but some data suggests a transvertebral incision is less painful. There was no difference seen in other early or late post-operative complications and recovery times were the same although the transverse incision may be cosmetically more acceptable. The use of analgesics (painkillers) may be reduced with a transversal incision but this does not seem to be important as there were no differences in other complications and the length of time taken for the wound to heal was the same.
We found nine RCTs (981 participants) that compared MBR with other types of treatment for subacute LBP. Five of the studies were from Europe and four were from the USA. The mean age of participants ranged from 32.0 to 43.7 years. All of the participants were adults, and the mean age across the studies ranged from 33 to 351 years old. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2018. When we looked at the effects of MBR compared to usual care, we found that people who had MBR had less pain and were more likely to be able to go back to work at 12-month follow-up. However, we did not find that there was a difference between the groups in terms of pain, disability, time away from work, or sick leave days. Although we looked for adverse events in both comparisons, none of the included studies reported this outcome. On the other hand, when comparing MBR to other treatments (i.e. a brief intervention with features from a light exercise program and a graded activity program, a brief programme to help people with low-back pain to get back to the way that they can do their work, to a brief treatment to help them regain the use of their hands and feet, and psychological counselling), we found no differences between the two groups. It is not clear whether people who have MBR do any more or less well than if they had received usual care. On average, people with LBP who receive MBR will do slightly better than those who have not received MBR, but it is unclear whether they do any better than people who receive some other type of treatment. The effect sizes for pain and disability were low, whereas the effects for work-related outcomes were in the moderate range. The quality of evidence was low to very low, and more high-quality research is needed.
We found 18 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 4843 men with prostate cancer spread to the bones of the bone compared the use of bisphosphonate drugs in men with bone metastates from prostate cancer. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2018. Bisphosphosphonates are a drug that is used to treat prostate cancer metastatic to the bone and to stop the spread of the cancer to other parts of the body. We found that there may be no difference in the proportion of men with pain response (i.e. feeling of pain) in the treatment group compared to the group that did not take the drug (low to very low risk of bias). We found no differences in the number of men who died between the treatment groups (low quality of evidence) but we did find that there was a reduction in the risk of bone metastasis-related events (skeletal events, which are events that occur in the body due to damage to bone caused by the cancer spreading from the bone to the blood stream) and in the rate of death. We also found that men who took bisphosporin probably had a greater risk of nausea (nausea) and renal (kidney) adverse events (side effect) than those who took the drug. We did not find a difference between the groups in the amount of painkillers they took (low or very low) or in the numbers of participants with osteonecrosis of the jaw (scarring of the mouth and teeth caused by cancer spreading to the jaw). We were not able to draw conclusions about quality of life because the methods used to measure this were not consistent across the included trials and we were unable to extract any results for this area of the study. We were able to conclude that there is low to moderate risk of serious side events and that men taking the drug may have a higher risk of renal side events than those not taking the drugs. We are uncertain as to whether there is a benefit in terms of pain and death for men with metastatic prostate cancer who have bone metastases from their prostate cancer that has spread to their bones.
We found five RCTs (1093 patients) comparing HDT + ASCT with chemotherapy or immuno-chemotherapy in patients with relapsed FL. Four of the five trials were in patients who had not received any treatment for their cancer and one was in relapsed patients. All trials were randomised and judged to be open-label, which means that patients and their carers are not aware of the type of treatment received. Overall, the quality of the trials is assessed to be moderate. We found a strong PFS (time to death) and OS (time from the start of the trial to the end of the follow-up) advantage for patients who received HDT plus ASCT in terms of time to death and time to overall survival (OS) compared with the control group (no treatment) in the four trials in the relapsed patient group. These effects are confirmed in a subgroup of trials adding rituximab to both intervention arms (one trial) and the trial had to be stopped early due to a significant PFS advantage in the HDT group (PFS: 0.36; 95% CI 0.23 to 0.55; OS: 088; HR = 0.40; OS 0.76 to 1.24; P < 0.81). However, this effect is not transferred into an OS improvement in the control arm. In the four studies in the previously untreated patients there are no differences between the treatment arm and the control-arm for TRM, secondary acute myeloid leukaemia/myelodysplastic syndromes or solid cancers. Adverse events were rarely reported and were found more often in the group of patients who were treated with HDT. For the one trial in relapse patients, there is some evidence (one large trial, N = 70) that HDT - ASCT is more likely to reduce the risk of OS and PFS than the other treatments. For this trial, no evidence was found of adverse events, TRM or secondary cancers. In summary, the evidence from the five included trials suggests a strong improvement in PFS and OS in the treatment of relapsed people with FL who have not had any cancer for at least six months. There is not enough evidence to show whether this improvement translates into an improvement in OS or TRM in the patients who have had cancer for more than six months, but there is a possibility that it will in the future.
We found 15 randomised trials (1437 participants) comparing WDD with placebo or no treatment, other antipsychotics and other treatments for schizophrenia. We found that WDD may have some positive short-term antipsychotic-like effects compared to no treatment or placebo. However, when WDD was compared with other drugs, such as chlorpromazine or risperidone, there was no effect on global or mental state, but WDD caused fewer side-effects. When WDD plus an antipsychoid was compared to an antiepileptic drug alone, WDD improved both the short- and long-term health of people with schizophrenia. There was no difference between WDD and other drugs in terms of the effects on mental health, but there were more side-side-effects in the WDD group. WDD is often used as an add-on (add-on) treatment to an existing drug treatment for schizophrenia and is often compared to other drugs that are used to treat schizophrenia. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for most of the outcomes. There is a high risk of bias in some of the trials, but overall, risk for bias was low to low. There were no data on quality of life, the use of hospital services and the cost of WDD. Overall, there is a need for more research in this area.
We found three new RCTs (228 participants) for this update, bringing the total to 12 studies with 799 participants. The evidence is up to date as of March 2018. The review assessed six comparisons. 1. Multistrand and thermoelastic NiTi (NiTi) arch wires versus superelastic (NITi) wires. There were five studies in this group and it was appropriate to analyse two of them. There was not enough evidence from these studies to determine whether there is a difference in rate of alignment or pain at day 1 in terms of alignment between the two types of wire. Pain was not measured. 2. Conventional NiTi and supererelastic wires versus thermoplastic (NTi) wire. There are three studies in the group, but it was not possible to analyse all of them in a way that would have allowed us to draw conclusions about the quality of the evidence. There is not enough information from these two groups to draw any conclusion about the effects of any of the other types of wires. 3. Single-strand supelerelastic wire versus coaxial (single strand) wire (a type of wire used in toothbraces). There was only one study (24 participants) in the two groups. This study showed that a wire made of a type of the same material as the one in the other found greater tooth movement over 12 weeks than a wire of a different type. Pain at day one was not reported in either group. 4. Convenience and cost were not assessed. None of the studies assessed the risk of root resorption, which is a problem that can lead to tooth loss and may be caused by wear and tear of the root canal by the length of time it takes for the tooth to heal. The quality of evidence was low or very low for all of the comparisons. This means that we are uncertain about the accuracy of the results. 5. The number of participants in each of the six comparisons was too low to allow us to reach any conclusions. 6. The overall, there was not much information from the studies to reach a conclusion about which wire was the best to use for which type of root canal repair. We judged three of the 12 studies to be at high risk of bias, and three to be of low bias. Six studies were unclear. The main reasons for the low- to very low-quality of evidence were issues with the way in which the studies were carried out and the way that they were run.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and found just one RCT (a type of RCT in which participants are assigned to one of two or more treatment groups using a random method) of de-escalation of behaviour in a group of people with dementia aged over 86 years of age. This RCT was carried out across 16 nursing homes in France. The study did not measure any of our main outcomes but did measure behavioural change using three different scales: the Cohen-Mansfield Agitation Inventory (CMAI; 29-item scale), the Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI; 12-item scales), and the Observation Scale (OS; 25-item range). For the CMAI, the study found that the scores on the scale were improved in the intervention group. Physical Non-Aggressive Behaviour, such as pacing, was reduced in the control group, as were the scores for Verbal Behaviour (behaviour in which one or more of the following behaviours occur at the same number of times per hour) and Physical Aggressive Behavours (such as hitting and swearing), and there was no change in the change score on the Physically Aggressive scale. There were no differences in the NPI or OS change scores between groups by the end of the study. We found one ongoing RCT. We rated the quality of this evidence as very low due to high risk of bias and the indirectness of the outcome measures.
We found 13 trials with a total of 1316 adults. Eleven trials had a small sample size and short duration of follow-up. Nine of the trials were of low to very low risk of bias, which means that their results may not be reliable. Nine studies were of very low to moderate risk of systematic bias, and nine were of high risk of random error. We found that the use of a skin cleanser (e.g. a washcloth) might be more effective than soap and water in the prevention and treatment of IAD. The other trials, all of low quality, showed that applying a leave-on product (moisturiser, skin protectant, or a combination) and avoiding soap seems to be more helpful than withholding these products. No trial reported on the number of participants not satisfied with the treatment or on side-effects. We concluded that there is little to no evidence on the best way to prevent and treat IAD in adults.
We found a total of 333 adults and children who had received antiviral drugs (acyclovir, valomaciclovir and valacycloviral drugs) for treatment of IM. The age of participants ranged from two years to young adults. The type of antiviral, the route taken by the drug, and the length of time that the drug was given varied between the trials. Follow-up ranged from 20 days to six months after the end of treatment. The antivirals used in the trials were the three most well-known antiviral agents, acycovir (valomacclovir) and acycloid (valacycloid). All three of these drugs have been shown to reduce the risk of viral shedding in IM, but we are not sure if this is an effect that is sustained when the drug is stopped. There was no difference in the time from the start of treatment to the time that patients were able to walk and return to work in terms of the time taken for symptoms to resolve and the time it took for fatigue to return in about 10% of patients at six-month follow-up. The number of days that patients spent in hospital was reduced from nine days to nine days with the use of antifungal drugs, but this benefit was not sustained when treatment was stopped. The risk of adverse events and side effects of the drugs were reported in only five of the studies. In some reports it was not clear whether an adverse event was due to the drugs or a complication of the disease. Overall, the quality of the evidence was very low and so it is not possible to draw conclusions about the effectiveness of the antiviral treatment in IM. There is a need for further research in this area.
We found four trials with a total of 2250 adults randomised to treatment with either insulin detemir or insulin glargine for 24 to 52 weeks. Overall, risk of bias of the trials was high. Insulin glargines were dosed once-daily in the evening. In three of the four trials, the insulin was injected once-a-day with the option of an extra dose in the morning in three studies and the first dose was given twice-day in one study. Of randomised patients 13.6% to 57.2% were injecting the drug twice-daily at the end of the trial. The results showed no differences in overall, nocturnal and severe hypoglycaemia (low blood sugar) between the treatment groups. There was no effect of the drugs on quality of life, costs or death. Treatment with the antidiabetic drugs was associated with less weight gain. However, to achieve the same control of blood glucose levels, the drugs had to be injected twice-doubling up each day. The risk of adverse events (injection site reactions) was lower with the use of the anti-hyperglycaemic drugs.
We found six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the effects of SNS for FI. Six RCTs compared SNS with no SNS and two with SNS. In the RCT conducted by Tjandra, 53 people with severe FI in the SNS group had less episodes of faecal incontinence compared to the control group who were not given SNS during the one-week ‘on’ or ‘off’ time (three months). In the parallel group trial carried out by Thin, 15 people with FI experienced fewer episodes of fainting during the stimulator 'on' time (3 months) compared with the percutaneous tibial nerves (PTNS) group. Adverse events were reported in a proportion of participants: pain at implant site (6%), seroma (2%) and excessive tingling in the vaginal region (9%). In the trial by Kahlke, 14 participants with FI had more episodes of FFI in the 'off' (one week) time (one episode per week) in those who had SNS compared with those who did not have SNS (8.4 episodes per week). Side effect events reported were mild ipsilateral leg pain (1); and stimulator-site pain (2) after insertion of the neurostimulator. Outcomes were reported separately for 19 and five in the cross-over trial by Vaizey. For the group of 19, the median (range) episodes of FEI per week per week fell from 1.7 (0 to 9) during the off time (1.7 to 0.7) in participants who preferred SNS to the 'on time' (1 to 8.7), while for the other five, FEI episodes rose to 3.7 and 4.7 per week during the on time and 'off time' periods, respectively. No adverse events were found in either group. The crossover trial by Sørensen and colleagues found that SNS did not result in any episodes of FI in either the on or off time periods (1 week to 8 weeks) in people with moderate or severe FI. Side effects reported were haematoma formation (3), misplacement of tined lead (1) and pain at stimulator site (1). Two trials assessed SNS in constipation and found that in the Kenefick and Dinning trials, SNS improved the frequency of bowel movements but did not reduce the number of episodes of bowel pain and bloating. In contrast, in the Dinning trial 73 adverse events reported, which included pain at site of the implanted pulse generator (32), wound wound closure (1), and removal of the device due to damage caused by the electrical current. None of the other trials found any adverse events. The results of the trials did not allow us to draw conclusions about the long-term effectiveness and safety of this intervention.
We found that molar tubes (molar tubes are tubes in the back of the mouth that connect the front teeth to the gums) are more prone to decay than molar bands. We also found that there was less risk of decay with molar tubs cemented with glass ionomer (a type of cement) than with those that were bonded with a light-cured adhesive. However, given there are few data for this outcome, we were not able to draw any firm conclusions.
We found 66 articles (published between 1988 and 2012) that assessed the accuracy of EUS in the diagnosis of patients with gastric cancer. We found that EUS might be used to guide physicians in the location of the tumour in the gastric wall and to assess the risk of metastasis of the cancer to the lymph nodes. However, the quality of the studies was good, except for the fact that only five studies had a high risk of bias in the way that the results were analysed, and that in two of these, patients were chosen for the EUS test based on their risk of a tumour that had not been detected by EUS. EUS was found to be able to distinguish between patients with tumours that had spread to other parts of the body (metastasies) and those who had not spread to lymph nodes, as well as patients with metastatic involvement of lymph nodes (patients with cancer spread to a lymph node that is not confined to the stomach). However, we found that it was not possible to combine the data from all the studies in this area. Therefore, it is not clear whether EUS is better or worse than other methods for the detection of gastric carcinoma based on the stage of the disease, the depth of the tumor and the presence or absence of lymph node involvement. Moreover, physicians should be warned that the accuracy is lower for the two types of tumour, superficial (skin) versus tumour-free (muscle-infiltrating) gastric cancers and for the presence of the lymph node in the case of metastasies. We could not identify the source of the heterogeneity that we observed in the results of the present in this review.
We found six trials involving 492 adults undergoing day-case laparoscopic cholecystectomy (n = 239) versus overnight stay laparoscopy for gallstones in patients with symptomatic gallstones. The number of participants in each trial ranged from 28 to 150. The age of participants ranged from 40 to 47 years and the mean or median age in the trials was between 40 and 47 years. Only one of the trials reported short-term deaths in both groups. The trial stated that there were no deaths in either of the groups. Long-term death was not reported in any of the included trials. There was no difference in the rate of serious adverse events between the two groups (4 trials; 391 participants; 7/191 (1.6%) in the day-surgery group and 1/200 (0.5%) in overnight stay surgery group; rate was 3.24; 95% CI 0.74 to 14.09). Quality of life was not improved in either group (4 studies; 333 participants; SMD -0.11; 95 % CI - 0.33 to 0.10). Pain was not reduced in either the day or overnight surgery group (3 trials; 175 participants; MD 0.02 cm; 95 percent CI -069 to 073; time to return to activity 0.55 days; and return to work 2.0 days). No difference was seen in hospital readmission rate (5 trials; 464 patients; 6/225 (2.5% CI -2.1% to 2.5%), hospital readmissions rate (6/225 to 5%) or in the number of patients who were readmitted to hospital as planned as planned (5 studies; 419 patients; 19% CI 19% to 20% in the overnight stay group and 5/154 (3.2% CI 3% to 3.2%) between the day and overnight surgery groups. No differences were seen in the proportion of failed discharge (failure to be discharged as planned) between the group undergoing day surgery and the group that received overnight surgery. Day surgery appears to be just as safe as overnight surgery in people with gallstones and does not seem to improve any patient-oriented outcomes such as quality of life, time to be able to get back to work, or the time to get out of hospital. However, the quality of evidence is weakened by risks of bias (systematic errors) and risks of play of chance (play of chance) due to the design of the studies. More randomised clinical trials are needed to assess the impact of day-surgic surgery versus overnight surgery on the effect of patients.
We found eight randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials (RCTs) of high-concentration topical capsaicin used to treat postherpetic neuralgia, HIV-neuropathy, and pain in the hands and feet caused by HIV/AIDS. We found four RCTs, involving 1272 adults, and two more studies, involving 2488 adults, with 415 more adults than in the first version of this review. Two of the studies used a placebo control and six used 0.04% to 0.05% topical capsicin applied to the skin as an 'active' (placebo-like) medicine to help prevent people from knowing whether they were taking the active medicine or the 'placebo' medicine. Most of the trials did not have a high risk of bias, but we judged only one study to be at high risk, due to its small size. For pain after inguinal herniorrhaphy, we found four studies (1272 adults). About 10% more people in each of these four studies reported that they had reduced their pain by at least 30% and at least 50% at 8 and 12 weeks, and by 2 to 8 weeks and 2 to 12 weeks in the other two. For painful nerve pain due to HIV/HIV/AIDS, we included one study (801 adults) in which about 27% of people in both groups had their pain reduced by at 12 weeks compared with 10% with the 'treatment' group. For the other three types of pain, we only found one small study (369 adults) that reported that there was no difference in the proportion of people who had pain reduction with either with high- or placebo-based medicine (very low to very low quality of evidence). We found that for pain caused by chronic pain after an inguina hernion, there was moderate or very low-to-very low quality evidence that there were more people who reported that their pain was at least half as bad as in the group that did not take the medicine. For other types of chronic pain, there were also more participants who had moderate or substantial levels of pain reduction at 8 or 12 weeks with the medicine compared with the control group. There was very low to low-quality evidence that for painful HIV/neurophy, the medicine was no better or worse than the other medicines. There were no deaths that we judged to be related to the medicine, and no deaths were judged to have been related to study medication. Side-effects were common, but not consistently reported. Serious side-effect events were no more common with active treatment (3.5%) than with the other medicine groups. Adverse events did not differ between groups, but lack of effects were more common in the control groups (21 to 67 events) than in those who took the medicine (moderate quality of the evidence, downgraded due to few events). We rated the evidence for all of the outcomes using the GRADE approach, which is a method that aims to reduce the risk of arriving at wrong estimates of the effects of a medicine by pooling the information from all the trials. The results of this update are based on a total of eight studies with 2488 participants. The evidence is up to date as of March 2017.
We found three randomised, double-blind, quasi-randomised trials (involving 6343 people) that met our criteria for inclusion in the review. All three of the trials had a total of 6092 patients. We re-examined the data from all three trials and found that the risk of having a stroke was the same in both treatment groups. The risk of stroke was increased five years after surgery in people with less than 30% stenosis, and there was no difference in the risk in those with 30% to 49% stenitis. We found that endarterectomy (removal of the carotid artery) was of some benefit for those with 50% to 69% symptomatic stenitis, and was of benefit in participants with 70% to 99% stenise without near-occlusion (the narrowing of the artery that leads to stroke). We found no benefit in those who had stenosis that was too deep to be closed by surgery. There was no effect of surgery on the number of people who had a stroke in the first year after the surgery, or on any of the main outcomes, such as death, death from any cause, or admission to hospital. We rated the quality of the evidence from the trials using four levels: very low, low, moderate, high, or high. High-quality evidence means that we are very confident in the results. Very low- and high-quality results mean that we have very low confidence in the findings.
We found 10 studies with a total of 864 adults who had a stoma placed in the first six months after surgery for a range of diseases including rectal cancer, ulcerative colitis, familial adenomatous polyposis (a type of colitis), and other. The age of the participants ranged from 18 to 80 years old. The participants had a wide range of ages and had different types of disease when they received the stoma. Only one randomized controlled trial (RCT; a type of study in which participants are assigned to one of two or more treatment groups using a random method) met the criteria for this review. This RCT compared the risk of parastomal herniation between the two types of surgery. The RCT did not measure other stoma-related morbidity or death from any cause. However, it did measure quality of life, which was not one of our outcomes of interest. The results of the RCT showed that there was no difference in the number of people who had parastomies (low- or very low-risk) between the groups in terms of the occurrence of ileus or stenosis, or skin irritation. None of the 10 non-randomized controlled trials (NRS; a form of trial in which people are followed up for at least three years after the end of the trial) compared the two methods of stoma formation. The non-RCTs did not provide any information on other outcomes that we were interested in. The quality of evidence was low to very low for all of the outcomes. This means that we are uncertain as to which method is the best to use for the use of stomas. The evidence is up to date as of March 2017.
We searched for all randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, cross-over trials that looked at people with schizophrenia who had been in hospital for at least six months. We found 24 trials, with 2126 participants. The review found that there was no difference in the rates of relapse, hospitalisation and overall function in people who had received supportive therapy and those who had not. There were, on the other hand, differences favouring other psychological or psychosocial treatments over supportive therapy in terms of the rate of relapsing, leaving the study early and quality of life. When we looked at the same groups of people who received different types of therapy, we did not find that there were any differences between them. There is a need for more research in this area. Overall, the quality of the evidence was very low.
We found 11 randomised, double-blind, and quasi-randomised, non-blinded, and open-label trials, with a total of 949 people with cancer of all ages. Most of the participants had cancer of the head and neck, but a few had other types of cancer as well. Most people had pain that was worse than mild, but some had pain as bad as or worse than no pain at the start of the study. The studies lasted at least one week. We found that some people with moderate or severe cancer pain can have substantial levels of improvement in their pain after one or two weeks of treatment with an NSAID compared with a non-steroidal anti-cancer drug (NSAID) or placebo (placebo) or the same dose of opioid (an opioid is a drug that is used to treat pain). We did not find evidence that NSAIDs were better than other nonsteroidal drugs for the three steps of the three-step 'three-step WHO cancer pain ladder' described by the World Health Organization (WHO) for treating cancer pain. There were 22 deaths with NSAIDs, but these were not clearly related to any pain treatment. Common side effects were thirst/dry mouth (15%), loss of appetite (14%), somnolence (11%), and dyspepsia (11%). Withdrawals were often due to lack of effect (24%), or side effects (5%), or both. There is no high-quality evidence to support or refute the use of NSAIDs alone or in combination with opioids for treatment of cancer pain in adults. We judged the quality of evidence to be very low. Most studies were at high risk of bias, which means that participants and their carers may not have been blinded (that is, those who did not know which drug was the real drug and which was a fake drug). None of the studies had a placebo only control. It was not possible to compare NSAIDs as a group with each other, or one NSAID with one other NSAID.
We found that tinzaparin reduced the severity of pain at day two and day three and reduced the number of days spent in hospital in people with sickle cell disease who had a painful crises. However, this did not lead to a reduction in the need to go back to the hospital. There were no reports of any side effects in people who took the low-molecular-weight heparins compared with those who took a fake medicine (placebo). There was no difference in the amount of time that people spent in the hospital in the two groups. The only side effect that we found was that there were too few participants in the placebo group to be able to assess the risk of serious side effects. Therefore, we are not able to draw any conclusions about the effects of this type of drug in the treatment of painful crises in the short-term (i.e. for one day) and the long-term is not known. There is a need for more research in this area. The quality of evidence was rated as very low for most of the outcomes, due to serious risk of bias and imprecision (due to the small size of the study and the low occurrence of events).
Anticoagulants have been used for the treatment of carotid artery dissection in the past, but we did not find any randomised trials that compared their use with that of antiplatelet drugs. There were also no randomised studies that compared anticoagulate drugs with antplatelets. The available non-randomised studies did not show any evidence of a difference in the risk of death or disability between the treatment groups.
We found 26 RCTs (2066 adults and children) comparing silver-containing dressings with non-silver dressings in wounds of all types of wounds. We grouped results according to wound type, and the type of dressing used. There is not enough evidence to be able to conclude whether or not the use of a dressing containing silver improves wound healing or prevents wound infection, but there is some evidence that it may reduce the risk of wound infection. Some of the trials used a cream containing the silver sulphadiazine sulphate (SSD) sulphate, which has been shown to improve wound healing, but others used a non-sulfate dressing, which did not have any silver in it. Other wounds Six trials (nine dressages in total) compared a dressing with a dressing that did not contain any silver. Most of these (seven) found no differences in infection rates; one trial in a variety of wounds found that there were fewer infections with the dressing that had a silver dressing, but another, in acute wounds, found significantly more infections with SSD. Only one trial showed a reduction in the time it took for wounds to heal with a dress made from silver.
We found 12 studies with 3571 adults with VAP. All but one of the studies were funded by the drug companies that make the drugs that we looked at. We found that carbapenems may be better than other drugs for the treatment of VAP, but we did not find a difference in the risk of death from any cause or the length of time spent in the ICU. We also found that there was an increase in the chance of being cured from VAP with the use of carbapens compared to other drugs, but this was due to a very small number of patients in one study. There was not enough evidence to say which was the best treatment for VAP and we could not draw conclusions about the best type of drug to use for treating VAP because there were not many trials. The risk of side-effects of the drugs was low and we found that the number of people who had side effects was the same whether the drug was used alone or combined with other drugs. However, we did find that there were more side-side-effects in the group of patients who were treated with tigecycline and imipenem-cilastatin than in the other groups of patients. There is a need for more research in this area. The quality of the evidence was moderate for all-cause deaths, adverse events and length of stay in ICU, and we judged the quality of evidence for clinical cure to be very low for all of these.
We included 29 ITS analyses (12 of which were controlled and 12 were not). We found that the impact of policies varied by drug class and whether they were put in place or not. When policies targeted gastric-acid suppressant and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug classes, the use of these drugs decreased immediately and for up to two years afterwards, with no increase in other health services. However, there was a large drop in drug use and substantial savings on drugs in the first year after the drug was stopped. When the drugs were used for the first time, people stopped taking their drugs and used other health care services. Also, people who took the drugs stopped taking them for a long time and stopped using other health-care services. When we looked at the other drugs targeted, we found that there was no difference between the drugs and other drugs in terms of use, but there was an increase in the number of people who stopped taking the drugs for a short time and decreased the amount of money spent on drugs. Relaxing the rules for the treatment of some drugs (e.g. antihypertensives and statins) led to more use of the drugs, and decreased overall drug costs. We did not find any clear effects on the health of those who took these drugs. There was no clear impact on health for those who did not take the drugs.
We found 19 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing one-to-one OHA with no OHA or with some other method of OHA. The RCTs included a total of 4232 adults and children with gingivitis, plaque and dental caries. The evidence is up to date as of March 2016. The included studies reported a wide variety of interventions, study populations, clinical outcomes and outcome measures. We were not able to pool the data from the included RTCs as there was too much variation in the types of treatments and the ways in which the studies were carried out. We summarised data by categorising the studies by the methods used to assess the effects of the treatments. We found that there was not enough high-quality evidence to be able to draw any conclusion on which method of providing OHA is the best to maintain and improve the health of the mouth. There is a need for more research to find the best way to provide OHA for oral health maintenance and improvement.
We found five randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled and no-treatments-based randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the short-term (six weeks) benefits of oral steroids with placebo in adhesive capsulitis. We found that oral steroids provided a more rapid improvement in pain, range of movement of the shoulder and function compared to no treatment, but the benefit was not maintained after six weeks. One of the RCTs reported that 48% more patients in the steroid group reported that they were able to sit up straight and to stand on their own, and that the range of range of motion of the arm was increased by 23.3 degrees. However, this improvement was not sustained after 6 weeks. A second RCT found no clear benefit in pain or range of movements in the first six weeks of steroid treatment. A third RCT showed that the first 6 weeks of treatment was the best time to assess whether there was a benefit in terms of pain and range of activities of movement. A fourth RCT reported that there was no difference in pain between the group treated with steroids and the group that did not receive steroids. A fifth trial showed that there were no clear differences between the groups that did and did not take part in the trial. A sixth RCT did not provide any information on the long-term effects of the drugs. There were no serious side-effects reported. We rated the quality of the evidence from the trials using four levels: very low, low, high, low or high. Very low-quality evidence means that we are very uncertain about the results. High-quality studies mean that we can be very certain about the findings. The evidence is up to date to October 2013.
We found three trials with a total of 50 people with ALS. All three trials compared rTMS with sham TMS (fake TMS). All the trials were of poor quality and were too small to allow the pooling of results. The high rate of attrition from the trials and the high risk of bias from the way they were run meant that we were not able to pool the data. None of the trials reported any side-effects from the use of TMS. There is not enough evidence to draw any conclusions about the effectiveness and safety of rTMs in the treatment of ALS.
We found 10 trials with a total of 1049 people with BP. All of the trials were at a high risk of bias (i.e. there was a chance of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of the way the trial was run and the way it was run). All trials used a corticosteroid (prednisolone or prednisone) and compared different treatments, none had a 'placebo' group (a group that did not receive the drug but was treated as if it had been taken from a pill) and all had a placebo group. In one of the studies, the addition of plasma exchange (a drug taken from the blood) to the corticostomy was found to improve the control of BP symptoms at 1 month. In the other, adding azathioprine to the steroid treatment did not help control BP at 6 months, nor did adding tetracycline (an anticonvulsant drug used to treat high blood pressure) to corticotrophins. There was no difference in the number of deaths or side-effects with the use of clobetasol (a corticogenic medicine) in one of these trials. There were no differences in the healing of BP in one trial comparing a milder (0.3 mg/kg/day) corticoprofen-based treatment with a placebo. There is a need for more research in this area. Very strong, long-lasting, and safe steroids are effective treatments for BP, but their use in severe BP may be limited by side-side-effects and practical factors. Milder regimens (using lower doses of steroids) are safe and effective in moderate BP.
We found 75 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 7957 adults with irritable bowel syndrome. Herbs were tested in the trials, in which herbal medicines were compared with placebo (a fake medicine) or with other drugs or with no treatment. Herbal medicines were used alone or combined with other medicines or given as an add-on to other medicines. The trials showed that some herbal medicines may improve the symptoms of the condition. However, the trials were of low or very low quality, which means that their results may not be valid. Some herbal medicines need to be investigated further in high-quality trials.
We found 22 trials that evaluated pericoital use of LNG and other hormonal drugs on a daily basis to prevent pregnancy. The trials included a total of 12,400 participants, and were conducted in Europe, Asia, and the USA. The drugs and doses evaluated were levonorgestrel (LNG) 0.75 mg (11 studies), LNG in doses other than 0. 75 mg (4 trials), and other drugs other than LNG (7 trials). Outcomes were pregnancy rates, discontinuation rates, side effects, and acceptance of the method. We found that the LNG method was safe and well-treatable. Most women liked the method in spite of irregularity in their menstrual cycles. Other hormonal drugs appeared promising but most of them were not well-studied. Rigorous research is still needed to confirm the effect and safety of pericoal use of levonorheal LNG as a primary method of contraception. If the method is shown to be efficacious, safe and acceptable, the results may lead to a change in the current World Health Organization (WHO) guidelines and/or change the way LNG is marketed.
We found 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 561 adults and adolescents from five different countries. The age range of most of the studies was 12 to 54 years old. The evidence is up to date as of March 2015. The studies were conducted in the USA, Europe, India, China, South Korea and the USA. Ten of the 15 RCTs were of high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way that the studies were carried out) and eight were of unclear or low quality (there was a possibility that the methods used were not as good as they could be). The other 10 RCTS were of low or very low quality, which means that we are uncertain about the accuracy of their findings. We found that there was strong evidence that the reinforcement of anchorage was more effective with surgery than with conventional anchorage, and that results from mini-screw implants are the best to date. There was no evidence that any one technique was better than any other. The length of time taken for the teeth to heal was no different in the different types of surgery. None of the trials reported on harms from any of the treatments, and no study reported on side effects. There is a lack of information on patient-reported outcomes such as pain and quality of life, and it is not clear whether any one type of surgery is better or worse than the other.
We found 50 studies involving 45,285 adults with CKD who did not have CVD at the start of the study. We were able to combine data from 38 of these studies (37,274 participants) in a meta-analysis. We found that people who took statins were 20% less likely to die or have a heart attack or stroke than those who took a fake medicine (placebo or no medicine). Statins were found to reduce the risk of all-cause death by 20% and of heart attack and stroke by 10% in people not on dialysis. We are uncertain about the effect of statins on progression of CKD. Adverse events were reported in 32 of the 50 studies (68%) and were assessed in 16 studies (34%). The risk of serious adverse events (adverse events) was unclear in most of the studies. We could not draw conclusions about potential harms from the use of these drugs due to lack of evidence. We did not find evidence of harms from statin treatment in people who were not already on a dialysis unit.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) on the use of drugs to treat pain in CYP with LLCs. Nine RCTs with a total of 379 adults and children were included in the review. Participants had cerebral palsy (CP) in five of the studies and osteogenesis imperfecta (OI) in the other four. Participants across the trials ranged in age from 2 to 19 years. All of the trials compared different drugs for pain in the same patient group but assessed at different time points in their disease. Three of the four OI trials used bisphosphonates (two alendronate and one pamidronate) and the other three used botulinum toxin A (BoNT-A). None of the other trials used other drugs commonly used for pain relief in this patient group. Pain was assessed as a secondary outcome in five out of the eight studies. For the ITB and CP trials both found an effect on pain favouring the treatment group compared to the control group. There was no difference in pain at the end of follow-up in both the CP and OI studies. The adverse events in the BoNT trial mostly involved those who received the intervention drug and involved seizures. Gastrointestinal problems were the most frequent adverse event in those who were treated with alendranate. In the OI trial there were also eight serious adverse events; these were difficulties in swallowing and an epileptic seizure. The trial did not state if these occurred in the intervention group. No adverse events were reported in this trial. Only one of the included over 100 participants. The only one study reported on the effects of the drugs used as analgesics in this group. It found no effect of the drug on pain. Based on the evidence currently available we were not able to conclude whether any drug was better or worse than any other for treating pain in children with cystic fibroids. The drugs used were all adjuvants and not often used in general paediatric palliative care for pain.
We found that latrepirdine was no more or less well-tolerable than placebo in terms of adverse events, dropouts due to adverse events and dropouts from the study due to side-effects. There was some low to high quality evidence that there may be a benefit for behaviour in mild-to-moderate Alzheimer’s disease, but not for cognition. There is not enough evidence to say whether there is a difference in the number of people who drop out of the trial due to serious adverse events or dropouts because of side effects. However, there was some high to high evidence of a very low risk of serious side-side-effects and dropout due to other side effects in people with AD. We are not able to draw conclusions about the long-term effects of this drug on cognition and behaviour in AD due to the imprecision of the results.
We found that RIC may reduce the risk of a new stroke in people with ischaemic stroke in the short-term (i.e. up to six months) and long-term, but not in the long term (over six months). We found low- and very low-quality evidence for the effects of RIC on the severity of the stroke and the number of people who had a stroke. The risk of death was increased in participants who had RIC compared with those who did not have RIC. No severe adverse events were linked to RIC treatment, and no participants had a heart attack or died. We found no trials that looked at ischaemia after RIC was compared with non-RIC treatment. We did not find any trials that compared RIC with no RIC or with other forms of stroke treatment. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2018. We included a total of 735 participants in this review. We assessed risk of bias in six of the trials as low, which means that we are uncertain about the accuracy of the results. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low for all of the outcomes because of imprecision (ie, there was a chance of arriving at wrong conclusions because of the way that the study was done) and imprecise (there was a risk of overestimate) of the effect. We also judged the evidence for all outcomes to be very low due to the small size of the included in the review and the low quality.
We found six RCTs, with a total of 204 preterm infants aged from birth to six months of age. We found low- and very low-quality evidence that adding protein to human milk increased short-term growth in the short term (i.e. in the first few weeks of life), as well as the risk of growth in weight, length, and head. There was no evidence of a clear difference in rate of growth of skin fold thickness between the supplemented and unsupplemented groups. We did not find any clear differences in length of time spent in hospital, serum albumin levels, or risk of necrotising enterocolitis. No data were available about the effects of the use of protein in human milk on long term growth, body mass index, body weight, body fat, brain size, or brain growth. There were no data on outcomes after discharge from hospital. Our findings may not be generalisable to low-resource settings, as none of the studies were conducted in these settings. Since protein supplementation of human milk is now usually done as a component of multi-nutrient fortifiers, we suggest that further research should be done to determine the effects on length of hospital stay, duration of hospital stays, and risk of feeding intolerance and necrotizing (breast) ulcers.
We found 45 randomised and quasi-randomised trials (studies in which participants were assigned to one of two or more treatment groups using a random method) comparing PEMs to no intervention. We re-analysed 54 outcomes from 25 ITS studies, and found that when used alone or as part of a multi-faceted approach, PEM was found to have a small effect on professional practice outcomes. There was not enough information to assess the effect of PEM on the health of the patient, and it is not known whether the effect sizes of the observed effect sizes are large or small. We could not comment on which PEM characteristics influenced their effectiveness. The evidence is up to date as of March 2014.
We found 23 RCTs, most of which were from the USA and were conducted in health-care clinics (e.g. in the USA) and schools. They were heterogeneous in duration, contact time, provider, behavioural aims and outcomes. A variety of STIs were addressed, including HIV and chlamydia. None of the trials mentioned HPV or cervical cancer. Most of the interventions aimed to increase the use of condoms. There were no studies that looked at abstinence from sex or reducing the amount of sex that was done. The majority of the studies taught safe sex skills and taught safer sex skills, but some provided information about STIs and resources, and some provided education about HIV and other STIs. There was no information about HPV and its link to cervical cancer in any of the included studies. Behavioural programmes which aim to change behaviour to reduce the risk of STI and HIV/STI transmission can be effective, but there is a risk of bias in the way they were designed and reported. There is a need for more long-term research to assess the impact of interventions on behaviour change, rates of HPV infection and progression to cervix cancer.
We included twenty studies with a total of 2337 participants in this review. Nineteen studies compared brief psychoeducation with routine care or the usual delivery of information. One study compared brief psychosocial education with a form of cognitive behavior therapy (CBT). Participants in the brief psychoeducational group were less likely to be non-compliant with their medication in the short term and in the medium term, and were more satisfied with their care in the long term. There was no difference found between the two groups in terms of compliance with follow-up, but there was a reduction in the risk of relapsing (reoccurrence) of the condition in the longer term. People who received brief psychotherapy were less than half as likely to drop out of school, return to school or work, and had a greater chance of being able to return to work. They also had a lower risk of anxiety and depression, and a greater number of people who were able to function in society. Social function such as physical, social, emotional and mental health, as well as quality of life were all improved in those who had brief psychotherapies. However, there was no change found in the number of deaths in either group, nor was there a change in the death rate in both groups. Based on mainly low to very low quality evidence from a limited number of studies, brief psycho-education of any form appears to reduce relapse in the mid-term, and to help with the use of medication, but does not appear to improve the long-term health of people with schizophrenia. Further large, high-quality studies are needed to either to confirm or refute the effectiveness of this approach.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 9839 people with COPD who received LAMA+LABA or LABA alone or in the LABA+ICS group. Most of the people in the RCTs had COPD that had not experienced a flare-up (exacerbation) in the past six months. The LAMA-LABA group was followed for 6 to 52 weeks. Most studies were sponsored by the drug companies that make the drugs that are used to treat COPD, and all but one study was sponsored by a drug company that makes the drugs used in the LAMA and LABA groups. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2015. We found that LAMA plus LABA reduces the risk of COPD flare-ups and improves lung function and quality of life. The risk of death from any cause (all-cause death) was 1.01 points less in the group treated with LAMA, and the number of people with a score of 4 points or greater in the St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) was 4 points less. People who took LAMA had a greater improvement in their lung function than those who took LABA, and a greater increase in the SGRQ score. The quality of evidence was rated as low or moderate for most of the outcomes. This means that further research is likely to have an effect on our confidence in the estimate of effect and is unlikely to change the estimate.
We found three RCTs with 91 children aged from 6 months to 4 years. All studies were from the USA (two) and Spain (one) and lasted from 7 to 16 months. All three trials compared heliox with 30% humidified oxygen for 20 minutes. Heliox was administered as a mixture of 70% heliox and 30% oxygen. We found that heliox may not improve croup scores at 20, 60, 90, or 120 hours after the end of treatment. There may be no difference in croup score changes between groups at 20 and 90 hours after treatment. The mean croup severity may not differ between groups. We assessed the quality of the evidence for all outcomes as low due to imprecision and high risk of bias due to the design of the study. In one of the studies, all children were discharged from hospital, but there was no information on whether or not they were returned to hospital. In the other study, 47 children with moderate to severe croup received one dose of dexamethasone (0.3 mg/kg) with either heliox for 60 and 90 minutes or no treatment. All children were released from the study, but we did not find that there was any difference in the severity of croup at 60 and 120 hours. The third study, 29 children with severe to moderate croup, received intramuscular dexamithasone with one to two doses of nebulised saline, or 100% oxygen, or one to three doses of adrenaline for three hours. There was no difference between the groups in the duration of treatment in this study. The included studies did not report on adverse events, intensive care admissions, or parental anxiety. We could not pool the information from the three studies because each comparison was from only one study. Due to very low quality of evidence, we were not able to draw any conclusions about the use of heliox in children with croup.
This is an update of a review that was first published in 2010. The review found that the use of many red flags may not be helpful in identifying patients with LBP. Based on evidence from a small number of studies, few of the red flags used to screen for LBP appear to be helpful. Most red flags do not have good accuracy. When combinations of red flags are used the performance of the tests appears to improve. It should also be noted that many of these red flags have high false positive rates; and if acted upon uncritically there would be consequences for the cost of care and outcomes of the LBP patients.
The aim of this review was to find out which of the treatments for men with urethral strictures is the best. We found that there were too few studies to be able to draw any conclusions about the best way to treat men with strictures in the urethra. There were also too few men in the trials to be sure that one treatment was better than the other. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found six randomised, double-blind, quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1211 children and adults with asthma. The four paediatric RCTs (two in preschool children and one in school-aged children) and the other two adult parallel-group trials (12 to 52 weeks) were of high quality. The risk of a flare-up (flare-up) was not reduced by the use of daily inhaled budesonide and beclomethasone. There was no difference in the risk of having one or more flare-ups (exacerbations) in the group treated with daily ICS (1204 patients; 95% CI 0.87 to 1.32; the large range was 17% to 25%), but there was a greater risk of severe side effects in the day-to-day ICS treatment group (1055 patients, 95%CI 0.33 to 2.03; the range was 19% to 17%). There was a smaller improvement in change from baseline peak expiratory flow rate (PEFR) by 2.56% (95% CI -4.49% to -0.63%), fewer symptom-free days (0.15), more asthma control days (9%), more use of rescue oral corticosteroids (puffs) by 0.12 puffs/day and a greater increase in exhaled nitric oxide of 16.80 parts per billion (ppd) compared to the ICS group. No group difference was observed in forced expirator volume in one second (FEV1), quality of life, airway hyper-reactivity, side-effects, adverse events, admission to hospitalised hospitalised children to the hospital, or in the number of people who were treated with ICS. In the paediatric trials, intermittent ICS appeared to be better than ICS on lung growth and lung function, but this was only seen in the short-term (one to three months) and was not found in the adult trials. The quality of the evidence was low for all outcomes, which means that we are not able to draw conclusions about the relative to each other.
We found 17 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 1639 people with CKD. Three RCTs enrolled 341 people treated with dialysis, four studies enrolled 168 patients who had had a kidney transplant, and 10 studies enrolled 1130 patients with chronic CKD in CKD stages 1 to 5. Eleven studies (900 people) assessed dietary counselling with or without lifestyle advice and six RCT studies (739 people) looked at the effects of a wide range of dietary patterns, including one study (191 people) of a low-iron, polyphenol enriched diet, one RCT (181 participants) of an increased fruit and vegetable intake, and two studies (355 and 355 participants, both of which were of a Mediterranean diet) and one trial (12 people) that was of a high-protein/low carbohydrate diet. Participants were followed up for a median of 12 months (range 1 to 46.8 months). Studies were not designed to look at all-cause deaths or ESKD. We found low- to very-low-certainty evidence that dietary interventions may prevent one person in every 3000 treated for one year from dying from any cause. We also found that the risk of heart-disease events were low, but there were few data for this outcome. People who had a healthy lifestyle were more likely to have a higher quality of life and lower blood pressure and serum lipids (lipids are fat-like substances that help the blood to clot and help the body to open up and open up to the blood vessels that carry oxygenated blood). Adverse events were not reported in most of the studies. A low-lipid diet lowered serum LDL (bad) cholesterol levels by about 1.5 mmol/L, and serum albumin (which is a type of albumin that is secreted by the body’s white blood cells) by about 0.7 g/dL lower than in a control group. A high-fat, low-fat and high-glycerin (lipid-lowering) diet was found to lower serum LDL cholesterol by 1.2 g/L compared to a lower-fat diet. We did not find evidence that any of the diets had an effect on death or cardiovascular events as these outcomes were rarely measured or reported. Based on these results, we would expect that out of 1000 CKD patients treated with a CKD for a year, one person would avoid having a heart-related event if they followed up a healthy diet for at least one year. However, the certainty in this result is very low as there were only a few studies and results were imprecise. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found only one randomised controlled trial (RCT) with a total of 156 children aged between seven weeks and 24 months with signs and symptoms of bronchiolitis. Participants were randomised into three groups: (1) nebulised salbutamol, (2) mist in a tent and (3) saline and saline. The RCT found that the use of steam inhalation (or cool mist therapy) resulted in a decrease in the RDS in the group that was treated with saline. However, the results did not show that there was a benefit for the other treatment groups. The study did not report on adverse effects of the treatments. We conclude that there is not enough evidence to make a firm decision about the use or lack of use of mist or steam therapy in the treatment of children up to three years of age.
We found four studies (1154 participants, age range 50 to 90 years) that compared statins with placebo (dummy drug) in people with Alzheimer's disease who had not been on a statin for at least six months. All participants had a diagnosis of probable or possible AD and most were already on a cholineterase inhibitor (a type of statin that blocks the action of a type of enzyme that is thought to be involved in Alzheimer's and has been used for many years in the treatment of Alzheimer's. We found that statins have no benefit on the main outcome measures of ADAS-Cog and MMSE. When we pooled the data, there was no difference between the statin and placebo groups. We assessed risk of bias as low for all studies.
We found four studies involving 149 adults and children with Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A and Duchenne muscular dystrophy. Two of the studies assessed the effect of night splinting in a total of 26 children and adults. There were no differences in the number of patients who were able to stand on their feet at night in either group. One study assessed the use of prednisone treatment in 103 boys with achilles tendon contractures. While a daily dose of 0.75 mg/kg/day was found to be effective in some strength and function measures, there was no difference in the range of motion of the ankle at 12 months after the treatment. One of the trials assessed early surgery in 20 young boys with muscular dystrophies. Surgery resulted in increased ankle dorsiflexion range after 12 months but there was little or no improvement in function or strength. By 24 months, many boys in the surgery group had a relapse of achille tendon contractionures. There is no evidence of benefit from any intervention for increasing ankle range of range of movement in Charcot in adults or in young people with Chait-Marie tooth disease. Further research is required.
We found 25 trials (5218 women) comparing upright and ambulant (walking) versus recumbent (lying on the back) or bed care (with epidural) in the first stage of labour. Women who were upright were less likely to have a caesarean birth (14 studies, 2682 women) and less than half as many women had an epidural (nine studies, 2107 women). Babies of women who were in upright positions were less than one-third as likely to be admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit, but this was based on one trial. There were no differences between groups for other outcomes, such as the time to the next stage of birth, the need for epidural, or the well being of the mother and her baby. There was no difference between the groups for the duration of the second stage of the labour, or other outcomes related to the well-being of the mothers and their babies. There is clear and clear evidence that upright (womb-like) or 'walking' (bed-like' or 'ambulatory') labour is safe and reduces the length of time spent in labour, the risk of giving birth by forceps or forceps, and does not seem to have an effect on the babies' well being. Women in low-risk labour should be informed of the benefits of upright positions, and encouraged and assisted to assume whatever positions they choose.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs), but only one of them had a long-term follow-up of at least six months. The other two RCTs had a short duration of time. The first RCT had a high risk of bias and compared transaxillary first rib resection (TFRR) with supraclavicular neuroplasty of the brachial plexus (SNBP) in 55 people with the 'disputed type' of TOS. TFRR decreased pain more than SNBP. There were no adverse events in either group. The second RCT compared a botulinum toxin (BTX) injection into the scalene muscles with saline injection. There was no significant effect of treatment with the BTX treatment over saline in terms of pain relief or improvements in disability, but it did significantly improve paresthesias at six months' time. No adverse events were reported. The third RCT was a low-risk-of-bias RCT that compared a BTX injection with saline (saline) injection. This trial had a low risk of systematic bias. The evidence is up to date as of March 2014. There is very low quality evidence that transaxlity of the first rib was better than the use of surgery to remove the rib and that there was no evidence that surgery was any better than no treatment for TOS, but there is no randomized evidence that any of these treatments is any more or less good than no intervention. The use of BTX injections yielded no great improvement over saline injections of saline. We found no evidence from trials for other currently used treatments.
Twenty-one trials involving 884 people were included. A hand brace was found to reduce pain and function after four weeks of use compared to no treatment. In an analysis of pooled data from two trials (63 people) the use of a hand brace for two weeks was not found to be effective compared to placebo (dummy treatment). However one of the trials showed improvement in symptoms which was maintained at six months after treatment. Four trials (193 people) looked at various drugs (steroids, diuretics, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and other drugs) and compared them to placebo. One of the drugs, a steroid, showed a short-term benefit in the short term (two weeks) and the other drugs did not. In one trial (51 people) yoga reduced pain after eight weeks compared with wrist splinting. One trial (21 people) showed that carpal bone mobilisation, which involves mobilising the bone at the site of pain, improved symptoms over three weeks. In another (50 people) trial, a group of 50 people received steroid and insulin injections for eight weeks. Two trials (105 people) compared ergonomic keyboards with no treatment and found that they did not improve pain or function as well as placebo keyboards. Trials of magnet therapy, laser acupuncture, exercise or chiropractic care did not show benefit. Other non-surgical treatments do not appear to be of benefit. More trials are needed to compare treatments and to assess the long-term effect of these treatments.
We found two RCTs that enrolled a total of 708 participants with CRVO-ME. One trial (SCORE) compared triamcinolone acetonide intravitreal injections (n = 165) with no treatment. The other trial (GENEVA) compared dexamethasone implant (a steroid drug) with sham (sham) injection. Both trials were at high risk of bias due to the lack of data and the high loss to follow-up. The quality of evidence was low due to limitations in the design of the trials and imprecision of the results. The results from the SCORE and GENEVA trials showed that the use of IVS was associated with improvement in visual acuity after six months in all three treatment groups. However, eyes in the IVS group lost fewer letters than those in the observation group at 8 months. Adverse events occurred more often with IVS than in the control group. As many as 20% to 35% of participants in both groups of the SCore trial experienced an adverse event compared with 8% in the group that did not receive IVS. The GENEVA study reported that the most common adverse events were high intracranial pressure, progression of cataracts, and retinal neovascularization (blockage of the retinal vein that leads to narrowing of the vein and eventually to cataract surgery). We graded the quality of the evidence as low because of limitations in study design, imprecise results, and reporting of outcomes, and lack of precision of results.
We found six randomised trials involving a total of 394 patients. Five of the six studies showed that the use of intranasal corticosteroids in the first eight weeks of a cross-over (cross-over) treatment (i.e. treatment over a period of time from the start of the trial to the end of the first week of the second month) resulted in a greater improvement in nasal symptoms and adenoid size than placebo (no treatment) and a greater reduction in mean adenoids/choana ratio than placebo. In the third parallel-group trial, 77.7% of patients treated with mometasone (100 mcg/day) for 40 days for eight weeks showed an improvement in nose-bleeds and a decrease in the size of the nasal canal (adenoid size) that could be avoided in 76% of these patients compared with 20% of those who were treated with normal saline (P < 0.05). In the fourth study, flunisolide (500 mcg per day) was found to be more effective than isotonic saline, and the fifth trial showed that fluticasone reduced nasal obstruction symptoms and the adenoidal size, and that the need for surgery was avoided in 75% of the children who received this drug. In contrast, one of the other trials did not find a difference between the groups in the two groups. The long-term effects of the treatment are yet to be assessed.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials that compared the use of epidural block with other drugs to treat severe pre-eclampsia in non-labouring women. We found only one study (involving 24 women) that was at low risk of bias (low risk of systematic error) but was assessed to be at high risk of randomised bias (high risk of play of chance) due to lack of blinding of women and staff. The study was a one-centre randomised trial conducted in Mexico. The women received antihypertensive drugs, anticonvulsant drugs, plasma expanders, corticosteroids and dypyridamole. However, in one of the groups, the epidural was given using 0.25% bupivacaine, 10 mg bolus and 5 mg each hour on a continuous epidural infusion for six hours. This study did not report on any of this review's important outcomes. For the mother, these were: death (death in utero or up to 42 days after the end of the pregnancy, or death more than 42 days before or after the birth), stroke (stroke was the result of a stroke in one or more of the following: at least one of stroke, stroke, kidney failure, liver failure, low platelets, haemolysis (a type of blood clot in the liver), haemoglobin in the blood, high platelets in the white blood cells, liver damage, pulmonary oedema (swelling of the lungs), and stillbirths (births in the first week of life), perinatal deaths (stillbirths plus deaths in the baby's first week in life), death before discharge from the first 28 days after birth, deaths after 28 days, deaths within 28 days of life, and deaths after the first month of life; preterm birth (the birth before 37 weeks of age); and side effects of the intervention. Reported outcomes The included in this review were the Apgar score of the baby at birth and after five minutes and there was no clear difference between the intervention and control groups. The included study also reported a reduction in the mother's diastolic arterial pressure and the change in the mean arterial blood pressure and systolic blood pressure, which were the other reported outcomes of this trial, but there was not a difference in the two groups. Currently, there is not enough evidence from randomised trials to show that epidural therapy reduces the vasomotor tone (the tone of the uterus) and improves the outcomes for both the mother and the baby. There is a need for larger, well-designed studies to come to an evidence-based conclusion as to whether the lowering of vasomotons by epidural treatment results in better outcomes for the mothers and the babies and for how long that could be maintained. Another important question that needs to be answered is how long should extended epidural be used to ensure any benefits and what could be the associated side effects and costs. Interactions with other modalities of treatment and women's satisfaction could also be explored.
We found 16 randomised trials that compared glucocorticosteroids with placebo or no treatment. Fifteen of the 16 trials (one of which was an abstract) provided data for analysis (927 people received glucocorotricoid and 934 people received a fake drug (placebo or no intervention). The people in the trials were aged from 25 to 70 years old, had a wide range of stages of alcoholic liver disease, and 65% were men. Follow-up, when reported, was up to the moment of discharge from the hospital, until they died (median of 63 days), or for at least one year. There was no difference in the risk of death from any cause up to three months after the end of treatment (very low- and very low-certainty evidence), or on quality of life (low- and low-risk of bias), between the two groups. However, we are very uncertain about the effect on all-cause death and serious adverse events due to the very low certainty of the evidence. We are very sure that there was no effect on the occurrence of adverse events, but we cannot be sure of this as the certainty of evidence was very low. Only one of the trials seems not to be industry-funded, and the other 15 trials did not report clearly whether they were partly or completely funded by the industry. We need more randomised controlled trials, which are designed to be at low risk of bias, before we can be certain about the effectiveness and safety of this drug.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that evaluated the use of a driving simulator to improve on-road driving skills after stroke. The studies were conducted with a total of 245 adults who had had a stroke at any time after the age of 18 years and were able to drive. The simulator was used in three of the studies and in one study in the fourth, which was based on 73 adults with a stroke who had received a stroke in the first year after the stroke. All four of the included RCTs were conducted in the USA and one study was from the UK. The interventions, controls and outcome measures varied, and thus it was not possible to pool the results of the trials. There was no clear benefit of the simulator-based programme on the quality of life of participants. However, road sign recognition was reported to be better in those who had been trained to recognise a road sign in the simulator. Adverse events were not reported in any of the four studies. We were not able to draw conclusions about the effects of the intervention on vision, other measures of cognition, motor and functional activities, and driving behaviour. We found no studies that had assessed the impact of the on- road driving skills of people who had not been taught to drive after stroke, and we were unable to find any randomised trials that had looked at the effect of on-roading skills of stroke drivers. At present, it is not clear which impairments that can lead to poor driving ability after stroke and which approaches are best to treat them, and whether one approach is better than the other.
We found eight studies involving 582 adults with COPD. Five of these were from the USA, and the other five were from Australia, New Zealand and the UK. The mean ages of people in the studies ranged from 65 to 73 years old, the proportion of male participants varied (58% to 84%), and COPD was classified as severe or very severe. Corticosteroid was given at the same dose for three to seven days for short-duration and for 10 to 15 days for longer-duration treatment. Five studies used prednisolone (30 mg in four studies, tapered to 10 mg in one), and in the other two, corticosteroids were given by intravenous route (into a vein). We did not find that shorter (around five days) or longer (10 to 14 days) courses of corticostimulants lead to worse outcomes than those of longer courses (around 10 days). In four of the studies, we found that there was no difference in the risk of treatment failure (the time to the next COPD flare-up) or relapse (the risk of relapsing of COPD symptoms) between short- and longer-time courses of treatment. In five of the eight studies, no difference was found in the likelihood of an adverse event, length of time spent in hospital, lung function at the end of treatment or the time from the first COPD exacerbation to the last. In one large study that was able to detect non-inferiority, five days of treatment was found to be as good as 14 days of long-term treatment. We graded most of the evidence as being of low to very low risk of bias because of imprecision, which means that further research may have an effect on our confidence in the estimates of effect or may change the estimates.
We found only one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that looked at the use of red blood cell transfusions in people with MDS. The one RCT included in this review was only published as an abstract and contained only 13 participants. The RCT was not large and had a high risk of bias. The quality of the evidence was very low, which means that we are very uncertain about the results. There was not enough evidence to say whether giving red blood cells to people with bone marrow failure who are not in hospital for any other reason (supportive treatment only) would be any better or worse than not giving them any blood cells at all. There were no anaemia- and heart-related (cardiac) problems (no results reported) and no reported effect on activity levels. The study did not report: death due to bleeding/infection/transfusion reactions or iron overload, quality of life, frequency and length of time spent in hospital, serious infections (requiring admission to hospital), or serious bleeding. The evidence is up to date as of March 2017.
We found that there are a limited amount of studies that have been done on the use of games as a way of teaching health care professionals about stroke prevention and care. One of these was based on the television game show "Family Feud" and focused on infection control. The other was a board game based on "Snakes and Ladders" based on a case-based learning method. Both of these studies did not assess any patient or process of care outcomes. However, the group that was randomized to the game had higher scores on the knowledge test (P = 0.02) than the control group. In the first study, the study lasted for 3 months after the intervention. The participants reported that they were more likely to be able to play the game than the controls. The study did not measure the impact of the game on patient or patient-centred outcomes. The findings of this systematic review neither confirm nor refute the effects of games on patient outcomes. There is a need for more high-quality research to explore the effect of educational games on both patient and performance outcomes.
The aim of this review was to assess the effectiveness of the use of lithium or antidepressant drugs to prevent relapse in people with unipolar affective disorder. Eight randomised, long-term trials with a total of 475 people were included in the review. The results showed that when all kinds of relapses (both depressive and manic) were considered (both in terms of admission to hospital and all types of relapsing episodes) there was a difference in favour of treatment with lithium. However, the results did not exclude the point of no effect, when the random-effects model was used (RR random effects 0.40, 95% CI 0.14 to 1.18). There were no other differences between lithium and antidepressants when all other outcomes were considered. The side-effects of the drugs were well documented in all trials. There was not enough evidence to decide whether or not lithium or antidepressants are better or worse than other drugs in preventing relapse in unipolar patients.
We found that the amifostine did not reduce the risk of xerostomia (scarring of the zygomatic skin) or the number of salivary or submandibular glands that had shrunk in the first year after treatment with high-dose radioactive iodine treatment in 130 participants. There was no difference in the amount of technetium-99m taken by the salivaries at three months after the end of treatment, nor was there any improvement in the blood pressure of the patients. Two patients in one of the trials (67 and 63 patients) had to be treated by reducing the dose of the medicine by adding a large amount of saline and had to have the medicine withdrawn after the first dose. Both patients were able to get back to the same weight after the treatment. None of the studies assessed death from any cause, morbidity, health-based quality of life, or costs. More randomised controlled trials with low risk of bias are needed to guide treatment choice.
We found three studies involving 45 children aged from 29 months to six years with Down syndrome. Two of the studies were from the USA and one from the UK; the third was from the US. All studies compared a parent-based intervention with a clinician-based one. Treatment lasted from 12 weeks to six months. One study provided nine group sessions and four individualised home-based sessions over a 13-week period. The other was a six-month-long programme of one 2- to 3-hour group session followed by weekly or bi-weekly clinic-based and once-weekly home visits. The third was a 12-week programme of weekly or home visits over a two- to three-hour period. One grant from the Hospital for Sick Children Foundation (Toronto, Ontario, Canada) funded one study. Another received partial funding from the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development and the Department of Education in the USA. The remaining study did not specify any funding sources. We judged all three studies to be at high risk of bias, which means that we cannot be sure that the results are valid and that we may not be able to generalise the results to the wider population of children with Down's syndrome. We found that the quality of the evidence was very low, and that further research is very likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of treatment effect. The findings from the three included studies were inconsistent. Two studies found no differences in expressive or receptive language abilities between the groups, whether measured by direct assessment or parent reports. However, they did find that children in the intervention group could use more targeted vocabulary items or utterances with language targets in some contexts after the intervention, compared to those in the control group, but this was not maintained 12 months later. One trial did not find any differences in parental stress in the groups at any time point up to 12 months after the end of the intervention. All three studies noted differences in most measures of how the parents talked to and interacted with their children postintervention, and in one study most strategies were still used in the group at 12 months posttreatment. No study found any loss of language in either group following the intervention in both groups, while one study found positive outcomes on children's socialisation skills in the treatment group. One of the three studies looked at adherence to the treatment through attendance data, finding that mothers in the therapy group were more likely to attend seven out of nine group groups and were present for four home visit visits. No results were found for parental use of the strategies outside of the group sessions. No evidence was found of language loss after the treatment in any of the study groups. In light of the very low quality of evidence, we are very uncertain about the results of this Cochrane review, and we have very low to very low certainty in the results. There is not enough good-quality, well-designed research to assess the effects of parent-led strategies for improving the language and communication of the child with Down’s syndrome.
We found that there was not a lot of evidence to judge the impact of exercise-based heart valve surgery on the risk of death or serious adverse events. We did find that, compared with control (no exercise), there may be an increase in the number of people who could walk at the end of one year. There was not enough information to judge if there was an improvement in quality of life or the time to return to work. We were not able to draw conclusions about the effect of the intervention on patient-relevant outcomes, such as death and the time until the next follow-up. There is a need for more high-quality randomised trials to assess the effects of the use of the heart valve valve surgery for adults who have had heart valves surgery. This review is up-to-date as of May 2016.
We found five RCTs (1130 participants) that compared meditation or usual care with either usual care or a palliative care intervention that used a chaplain or a spiritual counsellor as a member of the intervention team. All five studies were from the same country, and all five were undertaken in the same way, but it is not clear if all the patients in the groups received the same type of support from the chaplains or the counsellors. Moreover, it is unclear in all the studies whether the participants in the comparative groups received support from spiritual or religious support, or both, as part of routine care or from elsewhere. The quality of the studies was limited by under-reporting of design features. The review found that there was no difference in the well-being of those who received meditation and those who had usual care. However, when meditation was combined with massage in the medium term it buffered against a reduction in quality of life. In the pallative care interventions, it was not clear whether there was a difference in well-ness between the groups. Coping with the disease was not assessed in the studies. We concluded that there is a need for more research in this area.
We found six studies with a total of 137 people with a range of ages of 18 to 80 years of age. We found that tDCS did not reduce the time that people spent in the off and on time with dyskineia (time that the symptoms are not controlled by medication) and the gait speed (speed of walking) of people with Parkinson's disease. There was no evidence of an effect of tDCS on the change in the number of people who dropped out of the study and the risk of death. However, there was an effect on the UPDRS (UPDRS is a tool that is used to assess the extent to which a person’s symptoms are controlled by the medication) score at the end of the intervention phase. People who received tDCS were able to walk faster than those who did not receive tDCS, but there was no difference in the time taken for people to walk from the start of the trial to the end. People in the tDCS group walked at a speed of 0.05 m/s faster than people in the non-tDCS group. We did not find any difference in dropouts, side-effects, or deaths. There is not enough evidence to know if tDCS is helpful for reducing the off time and time spent in dyskinesia or improving the activities of daily living. In two of six studies, dropouts and side-effect rates were higher with tDCS than in the control group. The quality of evidence was very low for all outcomes. This means that we are very uncertain about the results and that further research is very likely to have an impact on our confidence in the results.
We included 12 studies with a total of 461 adults and children with CRPS of which we judged to be at high or unclear risk of bias (risk of bias, which means that their results may be influenced by the way that the studies were designed and performed). The evidence is up to date as of March 2017. We found that LASB was no more or less effective than placebo/sham (fake treatment) for reducing pain in CRPS at short-term follow-up (i.e. for more than 48 hours). There was no difference in pain at one-year in those who received LASBs compared to those who did not. Of the eight studies that looked at the use of LASBS as an add-on to other treatments for CRPS, the only one that reported pain outcomes showed no benefit from the addition. There is a lack of high quality, well-conducted, randomised controlled trials that have been done to find out whether or not this type of treatment is effective for reducing CRPS pain. Six of the 12 studies that we found reported side-effects, all of which were mild and all were reported by patients. Overall, the quality of evidence was low to very low, downgraded due to limitations, inconsistency, imprecision, indirectness, or a combination of these.
We found 14 trials, with a total of 2488 people with Bell's palsy. Most of the trials were very small, and most were at high or unclear risk of bias, which means that their results may not be reliable. We found that the combination of antivirals and corticosteroids may have little or no effect on rates of recovery in the first six months after treatment compared to corticostimulants alone, but the results were imprecise and we could not rule out that there may have been no effect. The rate of treatment-free recovery was slightly better in people who received corticotrophins alone than in those who were treated with antiviral drugs, but again, the result was imprecising. For people with a moderate-to-severe form of Bell’s palsy, we found that there was no clear difference in the rate of recovery at month six, but there was probably no clear benefit from treatment with corticoids alone. There was no difference between the two groups in terms of the number of long-term adverse events, but we did not find any clear differences in adverse events when we looked at the results from the same groups. Antivirals plus corticotropins may reduce the proportion of people who experience late (longer-term) effects of Bell' s palsy when they stop the antiviral drug treatment. We rated the certainty of the evidence for all outcomes as low or very low. This means that we are very uncertain about the results and that further research is very unlikely to change our views.
We found one study (Du Bois 2002) and one (Currie 1994) that evaluated the use of a LHRH agonist (leuprorelin) in relapsed (platinum-resistant and platinum-refractory) EOC in comparison with a chemotherapeutic agent (treosulfan) in the treatment of patients with relapsed EOC. Both of these studies were conducted in the 1980s and included a total of 97 women. The duration of follow-up was 2.5 years and quality of life (QoL) was not reported in this study. There may be little or no difference between the two treatments in terms of overall survival (OS) (hazard ratio (HR) 0.98, 95% CI 0.58 to 1.67; very low-quality evidence) or progression-free survival (PFS) at six and 12 months, and RR 0.65, 95%, 95%CI 0.12 to 3.66, very low quality of evidence), or QoL. Alopecia (widespread hair loss) and fatigue were probably more common with treosulfans than leuprorerelin (very low-risk of adverse events). Other adverse events were nausea and vomiting, neurotoxicity and neutropenia (low white blood cell count). The Currie 1994 study, which compared decapeptyl treatment with placebo, reported mean PFS of 16 weeks verus 11.2 weeks, and no relative effects measures or P values at a time point were reported. Overall, the evidence was of very low risk of bias. Adverse events were not reported for both groups. Based on this review of two small RCTs, there is not enough evidence to comment on the safety and effectiveness of treatments for women with EOC that are not already known to be effective.
We found 17 studies that compared iNO with no iNO in term and near-term infants with hypoxia. We found that iNO reduced the risk of death and the need for ECMO (extubation of the heart) in infants with low oxygen levels in the first 30 to 60 days of life. Inhaled nitric oxide did not reduce the risk or use of ECMO in infants who did not have a diaphragmatic hernia (a hole in the baby's chest that leads to blood flow to the lungs from the lungs to the body). The number of infants who required ECMO was 5.3 times less in the iNO group than in the control group (5.3 per 1000 with iNO compared to 5.0 per 1000 without iNO). Fewer of the babies who received iNO were in the group that needed ECMO, and iNO did not lead to a reduction in the number of deaths or the use of an ECMO machine (high-quality evidence). Infants who had iNO only after a few hours of treatment had a better response to iNO than those who were not given iNO, but iNO had to be used if their condition worsened. Infants with a hernia were not better off when iNO was used. The risk of deafness was the same in the two groups. Whether infants had clear echocardiography (a type of X-ray that shows the presence of blood in the blood vessels) of the lungs did not seem to have an effect on the babies' response to treatment. We rated the quality of evidence for iNO as high for all outcomes except for death, which we judged to be of moderate quality.
We found 15 trials on the use of lumbar support to treat low-back pain. Overall, the quality of the studies was rather low. Only five of the fifteen studies met 50% or more of the measures of quality. There was no evidence that any of the interventions were better than no intervention or training in the prevention of low- back pain. It is still not clear whether any of these interventions are more effective than no or other treatments for the treatment of this type of pain. There is still a need for high quality randomised studies to be done to find out the effects of this intervention. One of the most essential issues to tackle in these trials seems to be the implementation of the intervention, that is, making sure that patients use the support as well as follow up them after the end of treatment.
We found 57 studies with 16,784 catheters and 11 types of impregnations. Most of the participants were adults (18 years of age or above) from the age of 18, and they were in the ICU, ICU and oncology (cancer) or haematological (blood and bone marrow) units. The total number of participants enrolled was not clear, as some of the studies did not provide this information. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. Antimicrobial CVCs reduced rates of CRBSI and catheter-related blood stream infection by 2% and 9% in the impregnated group, but not in the non-impregnate group, and did not reduce the rates of clinically diagnosed sepsis, all-cause deaths or catheter-related infections. There was no clear effect on the risk of death from any cause. There were no differences in adverse events, such as thrombosis/thrombophlebitis, bleeding, erythema and/or tenderness at the insertion site. We found that the magnitude of the benefits of impregnation varied according to the type of CVC and the setting, with the largest benefits seen in studies conducted in ICUs. Our findings call for caution in recommending the use of antimicrobials in the routine use of a CVC in all settings. The overall risk of bias in the studies was low or unclear, but there was a high in most studies, which meant that it was not possible to keep participants and their carers aware of which group the CVC was in.
We found 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) from Bangladesh, India, and Peru. The RCTs took place in urban slums or poor urban or periurban areas in Bangladesh, the UK, and the USA. The participants were 9261 infants and children and 3664 pregnant women. There were no studies that looked at the effects of different types of foods. All the studies included in this review were on the use of foods to prevent low birthweight and low weight gain in children and adults. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2018. The studies were conducted in slums in urban and poor urban settings. Six of the studies were in the slum context and the others were in urban settings, such as in India, Bangladesh, and South Africa. The interventions were based on a range of foods, with the main focus on foods including fruits, vegetables, cereals, and legumes. The main outcomes were weight gain, height, and body mass index (kg/m2) and were measured at birth, 18 months of age, and at two years of age. There was no evidence that any of the interventions had an effect on weight gain or length of life. However, there was some evidence that some of the programmes may have had an impact on height and weight gain. None of the trials reported on the impact of nutrition on equity (equity is how much a group of people in a slum is able to contribute to the social and economic well-being of others). The studies had a high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way that the research was carried out) and had a wide range of outcome measures, making it difficult to be sure of the results. Overall, the quality of evidence was low to very low. The certainty of the evidence was very low to moderate for most of the outcomes, which means that we cannot be certain that the results are valid.
We found 12 RCTs (1023 participants) comparing foam dressings with other wound dressings and other types of wound dressing. There was no difference in the number of ulcers that healed at 12 to 16 weeks between foam dressers and hydrocolloid dressers, paraffin gauze, or polyurethane foam dressing, or foam dressages compared with each other. There were no differences in the occurrence of adverse events between the two groups when foam dressage groups were compared with hydrocellular foam dressins, or when foam dressing was compared with polyurethene foam dressens, or with other dressing types. Overall, the evidence is of low quality. More research is required before any firm conclusions can be made about the use of foam dressals in the management of venous leg ulcers.
We found that the short term use of celecoxib and etoricoxib (acetaminophen) in IBD patients with rheumatological (i.e. ulcerative colitis or Crohn's disease) symptoms did not cause IBD to get worse. There was no difference in the number of patients who had an IBD flare-up after 12 weeks of treatment between the two drugs compared to a fake drug (placebo). However, there was a 4% to 6% increase in the risk of a flare up of IBD symptoms in patients who received the drug compared to the fake drug. Eleven per cent of patients in both groups had stomach upsets (gastroembolism) and three per cent in the placebo group. GI AEs (stools, rectal bleeding, and inflamed mucosa) were reported in 3% of the patients in the drug and placebo groups. No patients in either group died or had serious adverse events. No one in the two groups had a heart attack or stroke. Renal and thrombotic AEs were not reported. The results for the long-term use of these drugs in patients with IBD are not yet clear. Clinicians need to continue to weigh the risks and benefits of the drugs when they treat patients IBD. There were no RCTs that assessed the quality of life and other side effects of rofecoxib, valdecoxib or lumiracoxib.
We found 22 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of over 2310 people with ulcers of all ages and ages. The RCTs mostly had small numbers of participants (from 4 to 317) and had short follow-up times (4 to 24 weeks). At the start of the RCT, six of the trials included only participants who had ulcers that were treated with antibiotics to treat them; one of the other six included participants who did not have ulcers at the time of the trial; and the other 13 trials did not provide information about whether or not the ulcers had been treated with any type of antimicrobials. We found that more ulcers healed when treated with an antimicrobial dressing than with a non-antimicrobial dressing, and that more wounds healed when the wound was dressed with an antifungal dressing. We are uncertain about the effects of the use of antimicrobial dressings on wound-healing, resolution of infection, surgical resection (removal of the ulcer), and side-effects. There was no information about adverse events or other outcomes, and the certainty of the evidence was low or very low. Topical antibiotics (e.g. silver, iodides, super-oxidised aqueous solutions, zinc hyaluronate, silver sulphadiazine, tretinoin, pexiganan cream, and chloramine) may not be as good as systemic (systemic) (medicine-based) antibiotics for treating ulcers, and we are not sure about the relative to each other for each of our review outcomes for this comparison. Antimicrobial dressages (non dressages) may be more likely to heal ulcers than those that are not dressed with a dressage, but we are very uncertain about this result. There is probably no difference in the risk of adverse events between the two types of dressage. We included four studies with a combined total of 937 participants in this comparison, and none of these had any wound healing data. The certainty of evidence was very low or low for all of our outcomes, which means that we are unsure about the effect of the treatments on wound healing, the number of wounds that healed, the amount of time it took for the wound to heal, or the need for surgery to remove the wound, and on adverse events and other outcomes. We did not find any studies that looked at the impact of the treatment on ulcers treated with growth factor (a growth factor is a growth factor that promotes wound growth). We found no evidence that any of the antibiotics used were as good or worse than the other treatments for ulcers. We were not able to draw conclusions about the effectiveness and safety of any of our other outcomes because of the very low- or low-certainty of the results.
We did not find any new studies for this update. We found six randomised, double-blind, quasi-randomised, multi-centre, multicentre studies that involved 5193 children aged from 1 month to 18 years of age. We did not identify any new randomised studies for inclusion in this review. Analysis showed that the risk of pneumonia was reduced by 13% and the prevalence of pneumonia by 41% in the group of children who took zinc supplements compared to those who did not. In the subgroup analysis, we found that children who received zinc were 21% less likely to have a case of pneumonia that could be confirmed by a chest X-ray or a chest x-ray, but there was no reduction in the number of people who had pneumonia defined by specific clinical criteria (i.e. those who were able to breathe fast and those who could breathe on their own). The quality of evidence was low.
We found 10 randomised, double-blind, quasi-randomised, placebo-controlled trials (RCTs) comparing low-dose and high-dose vitamin A to a high dose of vitamin A in 33,179 participants. Vitamin A did not reduce the risk of acute LRTI in the RCTs, but increased the risk in the control groups. This is not surprising, as LRTIs are caused by a wide range of causes, such as diarrhoea and infection of the gut, and can be caused by many factors, including high levels of iron in the blood, low levels of sodium in the urine, and high blood pressure. However, vitamin A caused an increase in the number of children with cough and fever in one study, and increased symptoms of cough and rapid breathing in the other. Low-dose, low-vitamin A appears to have fewer side-effects and at least equal benefit to high dose.
Twenty RCTs were found that used theophylline to treat COPD in adults (aged 18 years and over) with a mean age of 55 years. The people in the studies had a range of ages from 18 to 80 years old, and the mean duration of the treatment was at least six weeks. The studies used a variety of other bronchodilator drugs (oral and inhaled) and a corticosteroid (either inhaled or taken by mouth) to treat the symptoms of COPD. Concomitant therapy varied from none to any other drug plus corticostimulant (oral or inhaled). The results showed that people who were treated with theophloxacin were more likely to be able to breathe out more air than those who were not, and to have a greater amount of air in and out of their lungs at rest. People were able to walk further in four of the 20 studies, and there was improvement in the distance that they could walk in two of these. There was a very low dropout rate in the trials that could be included in this review, which suggests that some of the participants may have been known by the investigators to be already well-tolerated to the use of this drug. This may have led to a lower dropout rates than would be expected from a drug that has not been used for a long time.
We found 10 RCTs involving a total of 439 participants aged 1 year to 18 years old. Each of the 10 studies used a different type of treatment. Three of the trials used a placebo (e.g. a sugar pill) and the other seven used an egg avoidance diet as the control. We found that children who received treatment could eat a greater amount of egg than those who did not, and were able to eat a full serving of egg (1 g to 7.5 g) more often (82%) than the 10% of the control group. About half (45%) of the treatment group was able to consume a full meal of egg, while the other half (10%) was not able to do so. About 1 in 12 of the children had a severe allergic reaction that required adrenaline (adrenaline is a drug that is used to treat an allergen-based allergy) and 1 in 10 had mild-to-severe reactions that required epinephrine (an adrenaline-like drug) compared with none in the group that did not receive treatment. About 75% of people in the treatment groups had mild to severe side effects, compared with 6.8% in the control groups. Adverse events occurred in 4.2% of children, which may have been due to eating food with egg in it, and in 2.6% of participants who were treated with a fake medicine (placebo). Overall, the quality of evidence was low due to the small numbers of participants and events, and the fact that some of the studies had flaws in the way they were done.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving a total of 579 adults who had received an interleukin-1 (ILR) or an ILR implantation in the first six months after diagnosis. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2016. We found that the risk of death was not reduced by the use of ILR in the long-term (i.e. for at least three years after the end of follow-up) and there was no difference in the number of people who died in the short-term between those who were followed-up for the same length of time. No data were available for short term deaths. Data from one of the studies showed that there was a lower risk of relapsing of the symptoms of syncope after the implantation of the ILR. Cost analyses from two of the four RCTs showed that the costs of the implant were likely to be higher if the costs were added to the costs incurred by the implant. The mean cost per diagnosis and the mean cost of arrhythmic diagnosis were lower for participants randomised to ILR implants. The risk of aetiologic (that is, non-cardiac) diagnosis was increased in the group of patients who underwent ILR, as compared to the group that was assessed by a non-ILR method. The quality of the evidence was rated as very low for death and very low quality for the other end-points analysed.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that involved a total of 275 adults with 282 adults with hydroceles. Participants were randomised to surgery or surgery and sclerotherapy. All studies were assessed as at low or unclear risk of bias for selection bias, detection bias, attrition bias and bias due to the way they were carried out. None of the RCTs used a statistical method to assess whether or not the patients were cured. There was no difference in the cure rate in short-term follow-up between the groups. However, there was a significant increase in recurrence of the disease in those who had surgery compared with those who received scleroscopy. One study found that there was an increase in the risk of fever in the sclerosant group compared with the surgery group. There were an increased number of infections in the surgical group, however this increase was not significant. Only three of the four included studies reported the frequency of pain in patients who had had surgery. Three of the studies reported that patients had more pain at three and six months after surgery than the other two groups. Only one of the included studies assessed the quality of life and found that it was the same in both groups. There is a great need for further rigorous research to assess the use of different types of sclerotising agents, sclerosing solutions, and the amount and size of the injection used in the treatment of hydrocoeles. It is important that the studies have a large number of patients and long-term outcomes such as pain, recurrence, satisfaction, complications and cure are assessed. The protocols for all studies should be registered in clinical trial registries and the reports of these studies should conform with international guidelines of trial reporting such as CONSORT. Cost-effectiveness and time to work resumption should be assessed.
We found one RCT that compared nebulised recombinant human deoxyribonuclease (rhDNase) with placebo in 40 children with airway malacia and a lung infection. We assessed it to be a low risk of bias. We found that there was no difference in the proportion of children who were no longer cough-free at the end of two weeks between the two groups. However, the mean change in night time cough diary scores in the placebo group was greater than that in the rhDNase group. The average change in day time cough diaries from the start of the RCT was also better in the control group than in the group that was on nebulise, but the difference between groups was not large. Other outcomes (dyspnoea, and difficulty in expectorating sputum scores, and lung function tests) favoured the group on placebo over the one that was treated with nebulises. There is currently an absence of evidence to support any of the therapies currently used for the management of tracheomalacia. It is uncertain whether the use of nebulising of the trachea improves recovery in patients with tracheal malacia due to a lung and airway infection.
We found 21 randomised, double-blind, quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 2658 participants. All of the studies assessed the effectiveness of some form of psychosocial therapy. Fourteen of the 21 RCTs looked at one form of CBT (CBT), and the other 14 looked at other forms of the same type of therapy, such as CBT, psychodynamic, and third-wave CBT. Five studies looked at enhanced or structured care, which is a form of care in which people are put on a waiting list to receive treatment, and five looked at structured care that is not based on a wait list. Only one of the CBT treatments (cognition and language skills training) was compared with another type of treatment (behaviour therapy), and only one study looked at the same CBT treatment (counselor-behavioural therapy). We found no studies that looked at physical therapy. We found that CBT was better than usual care or waiting list care in terms of reducing the severity of symptoms at the end of treatment, but was not better than enhanced care. CBT did not seem to be better than structured care for most of the outcomes that we looked at. It is not clear whether CBT is better or worse than other types of care, but it is likely to be worse than no treatment. Most of the trials did not report side-effects, so we do not know if there were any harms associated with the treatment. However, as most studies did not describe side effects, we cannot be sure that there were no harms. An important issue was that all of the participants in this review were willing to take part in the studies. In daily practice, there is a large number of patients who are not willing to receive any of the treatments for MUPS or MUPS. This means that the results of this review should be viewed with some caution. The quality of the evidence was moderate to low for most outcomes, and the risk of bias was high for some of the outcome measures. This is due to the nature of the intervention and the lack of blinding of participants, therapists, and outcome assessors.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the risk of PPP three to 18 months after surgery in adults (aged 18 years and over) who received regional anaesthesia for thoracotomy or caesarean surgery. We found 63 RCTs, but we were only able to synthesize data on regional anaesthetic for preventing PPP beyond three months of surgery from 39 studies, involving a total of 3027 adults and children. We were able to combine data from seven RCTS that used epidural anaesthetists for the treatment of thoracotomies, and found that there was a 0.52-point reduction in PPP after an epidural was used compared to not having one. We also found that after breast cancer surgery, there was low-quality evidence that the use of a local anaesthetic (epidural) for the prevention of persistent pain three to 12 months post-surgery was associated with an OR of 0.43 and a risk of developing PPP of 1.0% (range 0.32 to 0.84%). We did not pool data for the other surgical subgroups of limb amputation, hernia repair, heart surgery and laparotomy, and we could not pool results for side effects of the anaesthetics because the studies did not look at them systematically. We are not able to draw conclusions about other types of surgery because of the lack of data. We conclude that there is low- or moderate-quality, low-risk evidence that regional anaesthesias may prevent PPP in adults three to six months after breast surgery, and three to eight months after thoracoscopy. There is moderate- or low- risk of having PPPP in children. The evidence is based on only a few studies and is of low or very low risk of bias, which means that we cannot be sure of the accuracy of our findings. Larger, high-quality studies, including children, are needed.
Twenty-eight RCTs involving a total of 1742 patients were included in this review. The drugs tested were first-generation antipsychotics (flupenthixol decanoate, haloperidol, thiothixene, ziprasidone, topiramate, aripirazole, olanzapine, and topiramine), mood stabilising drugs (caramazepine, valproate semisodium, lamotrigine, lamoxetine, fluvoxamine, phenelzine sulfate, mianserin), and omega-3 fatty acids (omega-3 acids). The drugs were compared to each other or to other drugs in the same class of drugs. All drugs were well tolerated in terms of the rate of drop-out from the trials. Data were sparse for the comparison of first- and second-gen antipsychotic drugs, suggesting that there may be marginal effects for first-gen and first-line drugs, but not for the other drugs. Adverse events data were scarce, with the most common being weight gain, sedation and changes in haemogram measurements. There was a possible increase in self-harms, weight gain and sedation, and changes to haemograms. A decrease in body weight was seen with topiramate treatment. The one trial that looked at the effects of the drugs on the severity of BPD did not show that any drug was better than any other for the core BPD symptoms. There were no differences in severity of the core symptoms of feeling 'unaware of who and what I am' and 'I am not part of this world' or 'I do not know who I am any more or less than I was before I was diagnosed with BPD'. All drugs appeared to be well-treatable, although the long-term use of these drugs has not been assessed. Antidepressants are not widely supported for BPD treatment, but may be helpful in the presence of comorbid conditions. The evidence is up to date as of March 2013.
We found a total of seven randomised, double-blind, cross-over trials (studies in which people are put in one of two or more treatment groups and then put in the other) involving 349 participants. Three of the trials compared washout with no washout, and four trials compared different types of washout solution (saline or acid, saline versus saline, saline and acid solutions, and saline versus antibiotic solution). We are not sure if washout has an effect on the rate of urinary tract infection or length of time each catheter was in the catheters. We are also uncertain if any of the different washout types have an impact on the number of patients who get urinary tract infections. None of the studies looked at: the total amount of catheter used, washout acceptability, pain and ease of use, or health status/measures of psychological health. Only one trial was free of bias, but there were problems with the way in which it was carried out. Only 14 of the 25 people who were recruited to this trial completed the 12 week, three arm trial. Four trials looked at the use of washouts, such as blood in the washout solutions, changes in blood pressure and bladder spasms, and reported on possible harmful effects of using washouts. The quality of evidence was low or very low because of the high risk of bias of the included studies and the small size of the randomised controlled trials. Data from seven trials that looked at whether or not washout was performed were limited, and generally of poor quality or were poorly reported. The results were imprecise, so we are not able to conclude if washouts are helpful or not. More research is needed.
We included 30 studies (18,682 adults and 18,682 children) in this review. Eighteen of the studies were conducted in the USA, 22 in the UK, and one each in Australia, Brazil, France, Greece, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, South Africa, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, the UK and the USA. The age of participants ranged from 6 to 18 years, and the average age of the children was between 16 and 18 years. The evidence is up to date as of March 2016. We found that it is not clear how many of the 18,573 adults and 14,573 children included in the review suffered from fatigue after treatment for childhood cancer. It is unclear how many survivors of childhood cancer suffer from tiredness after their cancer has been cured. We were not able to draw any conclusions about the risk and risk factors for tiredness in this group of adults and children, as the reporting of this was often inconsistent, and we could not pool the results. We did find that in a subgroup of three studies (involving children aged 16 and over) survivors were more often tired than those who were not tired. We also found that in these children, the risk of being tired was 6.7% to 12.5% over the course of treatment, and that the risk was 10.3% to 10.4% in the group of people who were younger than 16 years of age. The risk of tiredness was 1.8% to 35.9% in survivors of haematological cancer, and 21.1% in brain cancer and bone cancer survivors. In the bone cancer group, tiredness ranged from 0.0% to 3.1%. In the brain cancer group tiredness varied from 14.6% to 21.2% over a three-year time course. One of the trials found that depression might be linked to tiredness, but age at the time of cancer diagnosis and education level did not seem to be associated with tiredness. We could not combine the data in a meta-analysis, which would have been the best way to assess the effects of fatigue after cancer treatment, as there were too many differences in the types of cancer, cancer types, cancer treatments, age of patients, and questionnaires used to assess fatigue, and sample size. One study found that over time, 32 of the 102 participants (31.4%) who were still tired after 2.7 years, 34% of those who had not been tired at the end of the study had been tired over that time. We are not sure how many children who have been treated for cancer in the past five years are still tired, and it is also not clear if tiredness is a problem for those who have not had any more or less cancer treatment. This is also the case for the length of time that tiredness continues after treatment and the strength of the relationship between tiredness and the risk factors that are thought to be a cause. The quality of the evidence is weak, and so we are uncertain about the extent to which tiredness following cancer treatment is caused by the cancer.
We found 36 trials involving 6914 people. There was variation in the type of antibiotics used, the risk of RTIs and the number of deaths in the control groups. Treatment based on the use of antibiotic prophylactics alone did not result in a reduction in both RTIs or death in the treated group. However, there was a significant reduction in RTIs in the group treated with systemic (topical) and antifungal (systemic) antibiotics.
We found five small, low-quality, randomised controlled studies that looked at the use of PR in elderly people in the long-term care setting. Four of the studies looked at nursing home residents and one looked at residents in group dwelling units. No studies in community settings were included. Three of the five studies included only one or only one nursing home for each of the study groups. All of them looked at ways to help nursing staff in the care of elderly people. All five of them asked nursing staff for their views on PR use and asked them to help reduce it if they thought it was a problem. One study in the nursing home setting showed an increase of PR use in both groups after eight months, while the other three studies found that PR use was reduced in the intervention groups after seven and 12 months of follow up. One of the one small studies in the group home setting found no change in PR use after six months whereas PR use increased in the control group. Overall, the quality of studies was low.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared glucocorticoids with placebo in a total of 416 women undergoing IVF/ICSI for IVF or ICSI. Two of the RCTs had data in a form that we could not enter in the analysis, so results are based on data from only two trials (310) women. One of the studies was at a high risk of bias, but the other was at low risk. There was not enough evidence to conclude whether there was any difference between the groups in live birth rate. Our findings suggest that if the chance of live birth with placebo is assumed to be 15%, the chance after treatment with supplements would be between 7% and 31%. There was no evidence of a difference in the number of women with a live birth or multiple-pregnancy rate between the two groups. Neither of the trials reported OHSS or side-effects. The evidence was rated as low or very low quality for all outcomes, mainly due to imprecision, with low sample sizes and few events.
We found eight trials (291 participants, aged from five to 23 years old, with cystic fibroids of all ages with CF aged five to 74 years old) comparing rhGH to no treatment. Six of the trials lasted for one year and the other six trials for six months. We found that rhGH treatment may improve some of the quality of life and some measures of lung function, but there was no difference between the levels of rhGH (low- to very low-risk of bias). The trials show that there was improvement in height, weight and lean body mass with rhGH, but not in the high-dose (1.5 to 2.5 kg/week) range. There is some evidence of a change in the level of fasting blood glucose, but this did not reach the level that would be required for a diagnosis of diabetes in the short-term (six months or less) trials. There was no evidence of an increase in the risk of side-effects such as diarrhoea, nausea, headache and tiredness with treatment. One of the small trials reported that people who received rhGH were more fit and healthy than those who did not receive rhGH. However, this was inconsistent across the trials and the trial size was too small to be able to draw conclusions about the long-term benefit of this therapy. One trial showed that people receiving rhGH had a greater amount of weight gain than those not on rhGH therapy, but again this was not consistent across all trials. Three of the studies showed improvements in the number of people who were able to do some types of exercise. None of the included in the trials looked at the cost of the treatment. The trials did not look at the impact of the therapy on overall healthcare costs. Overall, rhGH was not found to be more or less safe than no treatment, but the trials were too short to be sure that this was the case. Long-term, well-designed randomised controlled trials are required to establish whether rhGH is safe and safe for use in people with CF.
We found 26 non-randomized controlled before and after studies with 1,695 people who had worked in the same job for at least six months. We found that both removal from exposure and reduction of exposure may reduce the amount of the agent in the airways compared to continuing to use the agent. However, we found that there may be little or no difference in the number of people who did not have symptoms at the end of follow-up. We also found that people who were removed from exposure may be more than twice as likely to be free of symptoms compared to those who were not, and may also be more likely to have symptoms that did not go away. We did not find that there was a difference in quality of life, or in the risk of being able to work in the future. Removal from exposure, but not reduced of exposure, may improve symptoms and lung function more than continued use of the substance. The quality of the evidence is very low for all outcomes. The risk of unemployment may be increased after removal from the work site. Care providers should balance the benefits of removing from exposure or reducing the level of exposure with the risks of unemployment.
We found six randomised, quasi-randomized, double-blind, double blind, cross-over trials (RCTs) with a total of 1758 adults who had either milder or more severe forms of esophagitis. Participants were aged 48 to 57 years, except for one trial that had a mean age of 73 years. All participants were from the hospital setting and had either nonerosive reflux disease or milder grades of stomach ulcers (LA grade A or B). Five of the six RCTs looked at the use of PPI on-demand and one looked at people who stopped PPI use after six months. There was low quality evidence that people with milder forms of gastroesophageal reflux (e.g. 'disease of the esophagus' or 'piggy-back' symptoms) who stopped using PPI for six months or more may have been at increased risk of 'lack of symptom control' compared with those who continued to use PPI. People who stopped taking PPI may have had an increase in 'drug burden' (i.e. PPI pill use per week) and probably a reduction in pill use, but there was a drop in the number of people who were satisfied with their treatment. There were not enough data to make a conclusion about the long-term benefits and harms of stopping PPI, although two trials (one on-need and one on-use and one stop-use trial) reported endoscopy findings in their intervention groups at study end. None of the trials reported on the cost/resource use or positive drug withdrawal effects.
We found 13 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 905 people with a range of ages from 18 to 80 years of age. These trials compared social skills training versus standard care, or a discussion group. We found evidence in favour of social skills programmes compared to standard care on all measures of quality of life and relapse rates. We also found that rates of relapse and rehospitalisation were lower for social skills in the social skills group compared to the control group. People’s mental health was also improved in the group receiving social skills. However, when social skills was compared to a group of people with schizophrenia who were not in the intervention group, we found no differences in social functioning, relapse rates, mental health, or the participants’ satisfaction with their life and health. There was no evidence that social skills were any more or less good than a group who were in the usual care group. When we looked at social skills compared to discussion groups, we did not find that there was any difference in patients’ mental health or their satisfaction with life and the way in which they dealt with other aspects of their life, but again, the quality of evidence was very low. There is a need for a large, multi-centre, randomised trial to determine whether social skills can be used in a wide range of settings.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared pegloticase with placebo (a fake drug) in patients with tophi in gout. We found only one RCT that met our criteria. This was the pooled results from two RCTs (225 participants, 145 of whom had tophi at baseline) randomised to one of three arms; peglotoxan (an antimonial drug) given once a week (biweekly), once a fortnight (monthly) or once a month (searched twice a week), and a dummy drug (placebo) that was not a drug. The RCT was at low risk of bias (that is, there was a low chance of arriving at wrong conclusions because of the way the trial was run and the way it was run). The results showed that peglotics given biweekly may reduce the risk of tophi, but there was an increased risk of adverse events (adverse events may be due to the drug itself and may not be caused by the drug) and withdrawals due to adverse events. On the other hand, the number of people who withdrew from the trial due to side-effects of the drug was 7% more in the peglots group than in the placebo group. There was no difference in the severity of the side-effect rates. As 80% of the adverse events were due to flare-ups of gout, which were not related to the treatment per sepsis, this may explain the high rate of side effects in the fake drug group - who were not given the drug and were not in the study and were, therefore, not being treated. There is a need for more research in this area, and we need to know whether there is a role for other treatments, such as surgery to remove tophi.
We found three trials (2095 neonates) that compared the use of IgA alone or IgA in combination with IgG for the prevention of NEC. IgA did not reduce the risk of NEC, need for surgery or death from NEC. There are no trials comparing IgA with IgA given alone for the treatment of NEC in preterm infants.
Five RCTs were included in the meta-analysing of data from 2197 patients. Four of the five trials compared the use of platinum based chemotherapy in the postoperative phase after hysterectomy and radiotherapy with the addition of surgery and surgery alone. The risk of death was 0.85 (range 0.76 to 0.96) and the risk of being dead at any time was 1.4% (range 1.1% to 8%). This means that one out of 25 women would need to be added to the treatment group for one more person to be alive. The analysis of the number of women who had a recurrence of the tumour outside the pelvis was 5% and this means that five out of 100 women would be alive if their tumour was found to be in another part of the body (the pelvis) after the surgery and the surgery. This is a 5% reduction in risk of recurrence and the analysis of pelvic recurrence rates was not large enough to be able to draw conclusions about which was the best way to treat this type of tumour.
We included 35 studies, from a wide range of countries on six continents. Nineteen studies were from low- and middle-income settings, and sixteen from high-income countries. Some of the studies explored the views of people who had experienced the interventions, whereas others asked what people felt they would like from a digital health intervention. The studies covered a range of different types of programmes. Our results showed that clients' experiences of these types of programs were mixed. Some felt that these programmes provided them with feelings of support and connectedness, as they felt that someone was taking the time to send them a message. They also described sharing the messages with their friends and family. However, clients also pointed to problems when using these programmes. Some had poor access to cell networks and to the internet. Others had no phone, had lost or broken their phone, could not afford airtime, or had changed their phone number. Some clients, particularly women and teenagers, had their access to phones that were controlled by others. The cost of messages could also be a problem, and many thought that messages should be free of charge. Language issues as well as skills in reading, writing, and using mobile phones could be a concern. Clients dealing with stigmatised or personal health conditions such as HIV, HIV, family planning, or abortion care were also concerned about the loss of their privacy and confidentiality, and some clients suggested ways to deal with these issues, such as using neutral language and tailoring the content, timing, and frequency of the messages. They wanted messages at a time and frequency that was convenient for them. They had preferences for different delivery channels (e.g. short message service (SMS) or interactive voice response) and they had preferences about message content, including new knowledge, reminders, solutions, and suggestions about health issues. Clans' views about who sent the digital health messages could influence their views of the programme. For an overview of the findings and our confidence in the evidence, please see the 'Summary of qualitative findings' table.
Twenty-three randomised, double-blind, quasi-randomised and quasi-trials, involving 2467 people were included in this review. We found that methadone was no better or worse than any other drug in terms of the number of people who were still using heroin at the end of treatment (16 trials, 1381 people), number of participants who were free of drug use at the start of follow-up (three trials, 386 people), and the severity of withdrawal symptoms and adverse events, although it was not possible to pool data for the last two outcomes. These results were confirmed when we considered the single comparisons: methdone compared with adrenergic agonists (11 trials), other opioid agonists, other opioids (eight trials), an anxiolytic drug (two trials), paiduyangsheng (one study), and a placebo (dummy drug). However, in the placebo group there were more drop-outs and more people who dropped out of the studies.
The aim of this review was to assess the benefits and harms of this type of treatment. The review found that heavy sedation is no better or worse than light sedation in terms of reducing the number of patients who need to be put back into intensive care, but there is a greater risk of adverse events. The high cost of anaesthesia-based approaches, both in money terms and use of hospital resources, suggests that this form of treatment should not be pursued.
We found 14 small, short-term (10 days) and long-term studies of the intramuscular (intravenous) form of molindone, which ranged from three months to three years in length. Available data do not allow us to draw any conclusion on the comparative efficacy of molinone and placebo. When compared to other typical antipsychotics, we found no evidence that there was a greater or fewer side effects with this drug. However, it is no more or less likely than other typical drugs to cause movement disorders, but it does cause significantly more weight loss (2RCTs n=60 RR 2.78, CI 1.10 to 6.99, NNH 5 CI 2 to 77).
We found 20 studies with a total of 2125 adults and children with melasma of 23 different treatments. Each of these treatments involved a different set of treatments. They can be grouped into those including a bleaching agent such as hydroquinone, triple-combination creams (hydroquinone plus tretinoin, tretinin, and fluocinolone acetonide), and the use of other bleaching agents (e.g. azelaic acid, glycolic acid peels, rucinol, vitamin C iontophoresis, and Thiospot and Gigawhite), as well as skin-lightening compounds like Thiapot and GigaPlain. Triple-combine cream was found to be more effective at lightening melasma than the other treatments, but not when compared to 4% or 2% of the combined treatment. In the two studies where tretinosin was compared to placebo, participants rated their melasma as improved in one (RR 13, 95% CI 1.88 to 89.74) but not the other. In both of these studies by other objective measures tretinain treatment was significantly reduced the severity of melasma. The adverse events most commonly reported were mild and short-term such as skin irritation, itching, burning, and stinging. The quality of the studies evaluating melasma treatments was generally poor and available treatments were inadequate. High-quality randomised controlled trials on well-defined participants with long-term outcomes are needed.
Twelve trials, which randomised 1319 participants, were included in the review. All of the trials were at a high risk of bias, which means that their methods were not as good as they could be, and many were at risk of systematic flaws that could have led to bias. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2014. Postoperative 5-FU was found to be safe and well-treatable in all but one of the 12 trials, although only one of them reported low-dose postoperacy, and this was at high-risk of bias due to the lack of reporting of the methods used. No surgical failures were found in the trials that assessed combined surgery and low- dose postop surgery. No evidence was found of an increased risk of serious sight-threatening complications, but other adverse events are more likely to occur. None of the studies reported on the patients' perspective of care, which is a major omission for an invasive treatment such as this. Postoperacy is a short-term, low-cost, safe and convenient way to treat eye problems after surgery. Postop surgery is now rarely used as part of a routine package of postoperative care but is increasingly used on an ad hoc basis. This is an aspect of the treatment that is unacceptable to both patients and doctors. The quality of evidence varied between the trials, most of which were of low or very low quality. The combined surgery postoperation subgroup because no surgical failures have been reported and the sample size is too small, and the low-dosage group because of the small sample size (n = 76).
We found that long-term use of inhaled steroids (more than six months) did not reduce the rate of decline in lung function (measured by the lung rate in one second) in COPD patients. There was no difference between ICS and placebo in terms of the risk of dying from COPD. Long-term ICS use did, on the other hand, reduce the number of flare-ups (flare-ups are episodes in which a flare-up of COPD can lead to a worsening of the COPD condition) and quality of life in patients with COPD compared to those who did not use ICS. However, there was an increased risk of hoarseness and oropharyngeal (bronchial) candidiasis in the ICS group compared to the placebo group. The rate of pneumonia was also increased in the long term ICS groups compared to placebo in the studies that reported this as an adverse event. The studies that looked at the effect of ICS on bone health did not show that ICS had any effect on fractures or bone health over three years.
We found 80 randomised controlled trials (5820 women) comparing 20 different NSAIDs (18 non-selective and two COX-2-specific) with placebo, paracetamol or each other. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2014. We found that women with primary dysmenorrhoea who took an NSAID had more pain relief than those who took a fake drug (35 RCTs, 53,000 women). This means that if 18% of women on a fake medicine achieve good pain relief, between 45% and 53% of those on a real medicine will do so. However, there was a greater risk of side effects with the use of these drugs (gastro-gastric pain, diarrhoea, constipation, nausea, headache, headache and sleepiness). There was no evidence that any of the different types of NSAIDs were better than each other in terms of pain relief or side effects, but there were too few trials to be able to draw any firm conclusions about which was the best NSAID for this type of pain. When we looked at the effects of the drugs compared with each other we found that there was not enough evidence to be sure that any one type of NSAID was better than any other. There was also no clear advantage of one drug over any other for pain relief in this group of women. There is not enough information to say which (if any) individual NSAID is the safest and most effective for the treatment of women with pelvic pain. Most of the studies were conducted in the USA (59%), and a further 31% failed to state their source of funding. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for most comparisons, mainly due to poor reporting of the methods used in the trials.
We found that high levels of PEEP (compared with low levels) did not reduce the risk of death in the first few days after admission to the ICU, nor was there a difference seen in the number of patients who were ventilator-free days. The subgroup of people with ARDS who were in the high-PEEP group had a lower risk of dying in the intensive care unit (ICU), although it must be noted that in two of the three included studies, the authors used a strategy involving a low volume and high level of PEP. Oxygenation was improved in the group in which the high PEEP levels were compared with the low levels in both the high and low levels, although the results showed that the two groups did not differ in terms of quality of life. We did not find that there was a risk of barotrauma (shin bone) in people who were treated with high- or low-parenteral PEEP, but we did find that high-prenteral oxygenation improved oxygenation to the first, third, and seventh days after discharge from hospital. There was no difference in the total time spent on the ventilators in the low- or high-levels group, and there was no effect of high-level PEEP on the length of time that a patient spent in hospital.
We found 42 studies (11,399 patients) comparing HES with other types of fluid therapy in people with pre-renal or sepsis-associated AKI. The risk of AKI was increased in the HES group and the risk of RRT was increased as well. We found that all HES products increase the risk in AKI and RRT in all patients, and a safe volume of any HES solution has yet to be determined. In most cases it is likely that these risks are likely to outweigh any benefits, and other treatments should be used in place of HES. Overall, the quality of the studies was good.
We found nine randomised, double-blind, quasi-randomised, and quasi-blinded studies that enrolled 682 patients with CKD. Seven of the studies compared Rheum officinale with no treatment and compared it with captopril, an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACEi) inhibitor (a drug used to treat CKD), and the other two made a comparison with ACEi alone. We found that compared with no intervention, Rheomorinale had a positive effect on SCr and BUN levels. There was no difference in the levels of BUN and CrCl (a type of protein found in the blood) that could be used to assess patients' capacity to do work. No data were available on all-cause deaths or cost of treatment. Only minor adverse events were found to be linked to Rheamorinales. There is no evidence to support the routine use of this plant for the treatment of CKD patients with SCr or BUN.
We found that the IQCODE can be used to identify older adults in the general health care setting who are at risk of dementia and who may need to be assessed for dementia, but that it is better in a 'general' setting. This means that the tool is better than the short-term test (16-item) and the longer test (26-item), and that it does not affect the language of use of the tool. The language of the test did not change the test accuracy, which supports the cross-cultural use of this tool. However, there is a lot of variation in the way that the studies were done, which means that we cannot be sure of the accuracy of the results. There is a need for further research in this area.
We found three RCTs (RCTs) involving 91 adults with post-stroke spasticity, all of whom had been in hospital for at least six months. All three studies were small and had a high risk of bias, which means that their results may not be valid. The studies compared various types and intensities of treatment following BoNT in adults with a stroke. We found that there was 'low to very low quality' of evidence for the use of'mCIMT' (a type of movement therapy) in people with stroke who still had some function in their upper limb after BoNT, up to six months after the end of treatment. There was'very low to low evidence for dynamic elbow splinting and occupational therapy (e.g. using a brace to keep the elbow in place) in adults who had not been able to use the arm in the short term after treatment for upper limb spasm. No trials looked at the effect of MD treatment on 'passive function' (caring for the affected limb), caregiver burden, or the individual's priority goals for treatment. No studies looked at interventions after other types of intramuscular therapy, or after other forms of treatment for spasm in children with stroke. At best, there was low-quality, low-risk-of-bias, evidence that there is low-cost, high-risk of bias and low-to-very low risk of random error in the design of the studies. Further research is required to build evidence in this area.
This review could not derive clear evidence from randomised trials for the use of long-term (at least 12-month) treatment with lamivudine and HBIg in patients with chronic HBV after liver transplantation for preventing recurrence of HBV infection. Large, well-designed, randomised clinical trials are needed.
We found ten studies involving 1019 people with LADA who were followed up from three months to 10 years (1060 randomised) in a range of treatment groups. All studies had a high risk of bias (that is, there was a chance of arriving at wrong conclusions because of the way that the study was done). Sulphonylurea with insulin was not shown to be better than insulin alone at three months (one study, n = 15) and at 12 months of treatment and follow-up. Sups with or without metformin were found to be no different from insulin alone in terms of fasting C-peptide levels, but there was evidence that patients were more likely to be dependent on insulin (30% in the SU group compared to 5% in conventional care group) and to require insulin at two years (64% in SU group and 12.5% in standard care group). No effect was found on the amount of glucose in the blood in the short term (three months) and the longer term (12 months) in one study (n = 74) using Chinese remedies. There was no information on health-related quality of life, complications of diabetes, cost or health service use, death from any cause, or on adverse events. One study showed that GAD65 (glutamic acid decarboxylase formulated with aluminium hydroxide), a drug used to treat LADA, improved fasting and stimulation of the pancreas (stimulant) levels five years after the end of treatment. Vitamin D (vitamin C) with a low dose (0.07 µg/L) may protect pancreatic beta cells in LADA. However, there is no evidence for or against other lines of treatment of LADA treatment.
We found 70 randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, cross-over studies (R-RCTs; a type of study in which participants are assigned to one of two or more treatment groups using a random method) involving 44,958 college/universities students. A total of 63 studies (42,784 participants) met our criteria for inclusion in the meta-analysis. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2015. Overall, the risk of bias assessment showed that these studies were at a moderate or low risk of systematic error (ie, there was a chance of arriving at wrong conclusions because of the way that some of the studies were carried out). Outcomes at four or more months after the end of the study were of particular interest to assess when effects were sustained beyond the short term. We have found that there is no evidence that social norms interventions reduce binge drinking or reduce the number of binge drinkers in the long term. There is some low- to very low-risk of bias in some studies, but not all, and this could be due to the way in which some studies were done. There was no evidence of differences between groups in terms of binge-drinkers and those who were not binge drinkers. We also found that the effects were not consistent for all alcohol misuse measures, and that there was some heterogeneity in the ways in which the interventions were done, which means that it is not possible to conclude that one method is better than the other for all of these outcomes. We are not able to draw any conclusions about the long-term effects of social norms for preventing misuse of alcohol in the short-term.
We found three trials with a total of 492 adults who had received 530 THA. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. One study (81 adults) compared the number of hip dislocation events in the first 12 months after THA compared to no event. There were no incidences of dislocation or adverse events in either group during the initial 12 postoperative months. Due to the very low quality of the evidence, we are not sure if the use of hip precautions with or without the addition of equipment and restrictions improved function or health-related quality of life (HRQOL) compared to not providing this. The study did not measure pain, function, HRQOL, re-operation rates or total adverse events. One trial (265 adults; 303 THAs) looked at people who had had a THA and were discharged home from hospital to find out if they were able to carry on with their activities of daily life. There was no change in the rate of recovery in people who were not provided with hip precautions compared to those who were. We are uncertain if the risk of hip dislocations or re-operations was different in the two groups. The trial did not assess the impact of the interventions on pain score, global assessment of the success of the treatment or the re-operative rate. One of the trials (265 adult adults; 265 THAs), which was of very low risk of bias, found that there was no difference between those who received hip precautions and those who did not, in terms of the chance of a hip dislocations. This means that we are unable to draw any conclusions about whether hip precautions are effective in preventing dislocation and in those who have had aTHA. There is not enough evidence to support or refute the adoption of a post-THA programme that aims to reintegrate people back into the community by promoting a range of activities and activities of everyday life. The quality of evidence was very low. Further high-quality trials are needed to assess the outcomes of the effects of the different types of therapy for THA in both the short and longer-term for those who undergo THA, and to assess whether such interventions have an impact on pain and restriction on personal ADL, EADL and instrumental ADL.
This review found that LNG-IUDs reduce the recurrences of painful periods in women with endometriosis. There is not enough evidence to say whether or not this is true for other types of IUDs. More well-designed RCTs are needed.
We found 24 randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, cross-validation studies (studies in which participants are assigned to one of two or more treatment groups by a method similar to a toss of a coin) conducted in a range of high-income countries, mainly in the USA (14/24) and the UK (17/24). All of the studies were of food products; none were of alcohol or tobacco. The majority were conducted in laboratory settings, with adult (18/24), and used between-participants designs (19/24); all but one study was from the USA. Six of the 24 studies looked at the effect of reducing the number of foods available for people to choose from (e.g. from a list of healthy foods to foods with less healthy options), and most studies (4/6) looked at whether the foods were placed close to each other (neighbourhood-based) or in the same place on the street (place of home) as the food was placed in the study. Eighteen studies investigated the effects of changing the distance at which a snack food or drink was placed from the participant, and 18 studies changed the order of foods encountered along a line (line of sight). We found that people who were offered fewer foods were more likely to choose healthier foods, and were less likely to eat foods that were less healthy. We also found that those given fewer food options were more than twice as sure that they would choose the foods they were offered, and that they were less certain about which foods they wanted to eat. However, we are uncertain about these findings, as the certainty of the evidence is low or very low. The certainty of this evidence is due to issues with the way in which some of the research was done, and the fact that not all of the participants were aware of which group they were in, which may have led to imprecision in the results.
We searched for studies that compared PEP with other antiretroviral drugs in people who had been exposed to HIV. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of PEP on HIV seroconversion. We found that PEP is not 100% effective in the prevention of HIV infection. The use of occupational PEP to prevent HIV infection is based on limited evidence of effect. Only one case-control study was found that compared the rates at which patients were offered post-exposure prophylaxis with zidovudine. This study showed that HIV was not prevented by PEP, and that patients who received PEP were more than twice as likely to have HIV in the blood after four weeks compared to those who did not receive PEP. However, patients who had HIV were more likely to stop PEP and to be at a high risk of having HIV in their blood. We concluded that a four-week PEP regimen should be started as soon as possible after exposure to HIV, depending on the risk of developing HIV. There is no evidence to support the use of a three-drug regimen for PEP in patients who have been in contact with HIV. Due to the low risk of HIV serumoconversion, a very large trial would be required to have enough power to show an effect. It is unlikely that such a trial will ever be done, and, therefore, on the basis of results from a one-case-control trial, based on the evidence from a case-centre study, it is not possible to conclude whether PEP should be used in the following four weeks.
This is an update of a Cochrane review that was first carried out in 2004. The search is up-to-date as of March 2015. Behaviour therapy has been used to treat people with chronic pain for many years and has been compared with a range of other types of treatments, such as standard care and other forms of psychosocial care. The aim of the review was to assess the effects of CBT on pain, mood, disability, mood and catastrophising in chronic pain. The review found that CBT is a good way to treat chronic pain, but there is not a lot of data on the effect of treatment on mood, pain or mood. CBT has some effect on the way in which people cope with their pain and mood, but not on mood or pain, or on their mood or mood, when compared with treatment as usual/waiting list. There is a lack of good-sized, well-designed, long-term, randomised controlled trials that have looked at the impact of treatment with CBT for the management of chronic pain in adults. The quality of the trials has improved over time but the quality of treatments has not.
We searched for studies that had been carried out in any country in the world up to July 2016. We found 15 national initiatives, including more than 260,000 people, that met our criteria. None of the studies were from low- or middle-income or low-income countries. Ten of these had a large enough sample size (more than 64,000 participants) for us to be able to assess the impact of the interventions. Five of these showed a decrease in salt intake per person from pre-intervention to post-treatment, ranging from 1.15 grams/day less (Finland) to 0.35 grams per day less (Ireland). Five of the 10 interventions showed a mean increase in salt consumption from the time of the intervention to the end of the study (1.66 grams more per person in Canada and 0.80 grams more in Switzerland), but in both countries the data point was from several years prior to the start of the trial. The other three did not show a change in salt levels. Seven of the 15 interventions included in this review were multi-component (e.g. food product reformulation, food procurement policy in a specific setting). Of those seven, four showed a reduction in salt in the mean amount per person, and one showed an increase in the amount of salt per person. Nine of those 10 interventions provided data that could be used to compare salt levels by sex (for men and for both men and women). For men, five (Austria, China, Finland, France, the UK, the USA, the Netherlands and the UK) showed a drop in salt, four (Netherlands, Switzerland, the US and the USA) showed no change and one (Canada) showed an increased mean salt intake from the start to the finish of the trials. For women, three (Austra, China and France), four (Belgium, Denmark, the United Kingdom and the US), three (Niederkorn, the Czech Republic and the Czechoslovakia) and two (Canada, United States) showed reductions in salt. We identified no adverse effects of these interventions. We could not assess the quality of evidence for the main outcome of the review, change in mean salt levels, as there were too few participants and the results were not consistent across the studies. However, we found that many of the included trials had a high risk of bias due to the way in which the research was carried out and the fact that the trials were carried out. This means that we are uncertain about the accuracy of the results and that further research is likely to have an impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect. We rated the overall quality of the evidence as very low. This was due to differences in the design of the randomised controlled trials (i.e. trials in which people were put into groups at random) and the way that the outcomes were measured, as well as variation in the direction and size of the effect across the included studies.
We found only a few randomised, double-blind, cross-over studies that compared different drugs to treat sleep bruxism. The drugs were amitriptyline, bromocriptine, clonidine, propranolol, levodopa, L-tryptophan and tryptophan. All of the drugs were compared with a fake drug (placebo) that looked like the active drug but did not have the same effects as the real drug. We were not able to tell whether any of these drugs were better or worse than the other drugs in terms of reducing the number of episodes of sleep-bruxism episodes per hour, the amount of noise that was heard during sleep, or the intensity of the pain that was caused by the bruxist's movement. One of the amitripyline drugs (clonidine) reduced rapid eye movement (REM) sleep stage, which is the first stage of sleep, and increased the other stages of sleep. The use of other drugs (levodopa and bromoprofen) may have prevented any side-effects from the drugs. There was not enough evidence to know if any of the medicines were better than the others for the use of medicines for the treatment of sleep bruising. More research is needed.
We found 10 trials with a total of 1015 adults with ARDS who were in the ICU for at least 24 hours. All of the studies compared the use of omega-3 fatty acids and/or antioxidants in the treatment of ARDS. We found that immunonutrition may make no difference in the risk of death from any cause (longest time on the ventilator) or in the number of days spent on the breathing machine. We are not able to say whether people who are treated with immunonutritors have a better quality of life due to the very low quality of evidence. We also are not sure whether they have a greater chance of death due to any cause, or if they have more adverse events such as heart events, gastrointestinal events, or total adverse events. We assessed some of the trials as being at high risk of bias due to flaws in the way they were done. We rated the quality of the evidence as very low, which means that we are very uncertain about the results.
We found 33 randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, cross-over randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at whether the methods used to assess whether the AEs were caused by the drug were the same as if the drug was not taken. The RCTs were carried out in a wide range of countries and used a wide variety of methods to assess the effect of the methods. We found that there was a risk that the way in which people were asked about their AEs could influence whether they were found to have at least one AE. This could lead to under-detection of AEs in studies that used a more general question method compared to those that only asked about the drug. However, the impact on the nature of the AE detected by different methods is not clear. There was no evidence that one method led to more AEs than the other, but we could not tell whether one method was better or worse than the others in terms of identifying AEs. There is a need for more research in this area. Any chosen method needs to be easy to use by both staff and patients.
We identified 582 records from the databases and we found 10 further records by searching other resources (handsearching). We found 10 more records by looking at the titles and abstracts of full-text articles and found 381 records. We excluded 364 records based on the title and abstract and assessed 17 full- text articles. We found 15 studies: eight of these did not assess the use of interventions to prevent SUDEP; five of these looked at devices to detect GTCS but did not use them to prevent it; and two looked at risk factors for SUDEP but not interventions for preventing it. One study is awaiting classification. We included one case-control study of 154 cases of SUDEP and 616 people who did not die of it. This study found that the risk of developing SUDEP was reduced when a supervising person shared the same room with the patient and when a device, such as a listening device, was used to keep the patient awake at night. This effect was found when the patient also had a seizure control. The study did not report on the number of non-SUDEP deaths; changes to anxiety, depression, and quality of life; and the amount of time the patient spent in hospital. We judged the quality of the evidence to be very low. More research is needed to find out if there is any effect of nocturnal supervision in preventing SUDEP.
We found that there were only a total of seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 208 adults with cystic fibrosis aged from seven to 63 years of age. The age of people in the studies ranged from 7 to 7.5 years and the length of the RCTs ranged from four days to over two years. Six of the trials enrolled adults who were clinically stable, whilst one of the other trials enrolled participants who had been in hospital due to an infection. All of the studies compared autogenic drainage to one (or more) other recognised airway clearance technique. One study was of a cross-over (cross-over) design and the other six were of a parallel (crossing over) design. The number of participants in the trials ranged from 17 to 75 and the studies lasted between four days and over a year. There were no trials that looked at the use of exercise as an add-on to any of the techniques used to help open the airways. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. The main reasons for downgrading the level of evidence were the lack of blinding (i.e. not being able to see whether or not participants were aware of which technique was being used) and the fact that the trials were too short to be able to assess non-inferiority. The review's main outcome was the amount of sputum in the airway, which was reported by all of the included trials. Only three studies reported on the quality of life and only one study reported on adverse events and described a decrease in oxygen levels whilst performing an active cycle of breathing, which did not seem to be a problem with autogenoid drainage. Six studies measured forced vital capacity and three of the six used mid peak expiratory flow (per cent predicted) as an outcome. Six trials reported sputus weight. Other outcomes that were used to assess the effects of the treatments were oxygen levels, the number of days spent in hospital, the choice of which airway technique to use and the need for intravenous (intravenous) antibiotics. There was no clear advantage of autogenoids over any other airway-cleansing techniques in terms of any of these outcomes. In one study, autogenic drain was found to be the preferred technique of the participants in one study over postural drainage and percussion. The studies were not large and were not designed to assess whether any one technique was better than any other. The length of time that the studies were carried out and the different ways in which they were conducted made it difficult to combine the results of the different types of airway clearing techniques used. Therefore, we were not able to draw any firm conclusions about the benefits and risks of each method. Larger, well-designed studies are needed to evaluate the effects and safety of autogenic drains.
This review found that CBT was more effective than both in treating GAD in the short-term (i.e. for less than six months) and in the longer term (for at least six months). CBT appeared to be as good or better than TAU/WL in reducing the severity of anxiety, worry and depression symptoms. CBT is not as good as TAU or WL in the long-term, which is to say, over a longer period of time. The body of evidence comparing CBT with other types of therapy is small and heterogeneous, which means that it is not possible to draw conclusions about which CBT approach is better for GAD.
We found 12 trials (1,856 women) conducted in the UK, Jordan, the USA and the UK. The trials were a mix of multicenter and single-centre trials, conducted in India, the UK and the USA. In five of the trials women had had three or more consecutive miscarriages and in the other seven trials, women had suffered at least two or more miscarriages. The duration of progestogen treatment varied across the trials. The majority of trials were at low risk of bias for most of the outcomes. The evidence is up to date as of March 2016. The analysis of 10 trials (1684 women) suggests that there may be a reduction in the number of miscarriages for women who have had more than one miscarriage in the past. We are not sure about the effect on the rate of preterm birth or low birthweight due to the very low-quality of the evidence. None of the studies reported on any of the other outcomes for the babies, such as the risk of death of the baby or stillbirth or admission to a special care unit. There was probably a benefit for the live birth rate (a measure of the chance of a live birth) seen in the six trials (1411 women) of women who had had at least one miscarriage. There may be little or no difference in the rates of low birth weight and trials did not report on the secondary child outcomes of teratogenic effects or the need for the child to be cared for in a hospital. The overall quality of evidence was very low or very low.
We found 14 randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, and quasi-transfertile controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1298 women. Nine RCTs (704 women) looked at the use of psychosocial interventions to reduce pre-term birth rates and low birth weight (birthweight less than or equal to the birthweight of the baby within the first week of life), and five RTCs (594 women) compared MIB to a control group. We did not find any studies that looked at other types of psychological treatments. For the most part, it was not clear how well the studies had been done, and it was unclear if they had been conducted in a way that made it easy for them to detect any bias in the way they were carried out. We found that there was no difference between the groups in the number of women who were still using drugs at the end of treatment. There was no change in the numbers of babies who remained in the hospital for more days after birth in the MIB group compared to the control group, nor was there any change in women’s chances of being able to be discharged from the hospital on the first day of postpartum. There were no changes in the chances of women remaining clean after treatment in either group. Overall, the quality of the evidence was low to moderate. The evidence is up to date as of February 2016.
We found 31 studies (44 reports) including 27,071 patients. The risk of bias in the studies was low or unclear for several aspects. Compared to the transfemoral approach, the transradial approach reduced short-term net adverse events (NACE) (i.e. adverse events that occurred in the first 30 days of follow-up) and the risk of death, but was associated with a lower risk of all-cause death, heart death, bleeding, and access site complications. There is not enough information about the long-term effects of this approach. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at the use of palliative care in the care of adults with advanced dementia. We found one RCT (99 adults) that looked at the effect of a team of carers (carers are people who are not the carers of the carer) who work with the patient but are the main decision-makers in the person’s care. The other RCT was a cluster study (256 adults, each with a family carer). Both RCTs were at high risk of bias (that is, there was a chance that participants and carers knew whether they were in the same treatment group or the other) and both had a high number of events that could have had an effect on the results. One RCT reported that a palative care plan was more likely to be developed for participants in the intervention group (risk ratio (RR) 5.84, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.37 to 25.02), but the plan was only used for two of the 99 people in the group while in hospital. The palatives were more available on discharge from hospital in the control group. We did not find that the palates had an impact on the number of deaths in hospital, decisions to forgo cardiopulmonary resuscitation in hospital or the care that was provided during the time that people were in hospital but for the former, event rates were low and the results were not clear. The second RCT compared a decision aid on end-of-life feeding options with a clinician in a nursing home and found that in this group, carers were more likely than those in the non-carers group to discuss options with the clinician, but the study was small and imprecision of the results meant that we were not sure about both results. Very little high quality work has been done in this area of research. There were only two included studies in this review, with variation in the interventions and in the settings that made it impossible to combine the data for any outcome. Thus, we conclude that there is not enough evidence to assess the effects of pleative care for people with dementia. The fact that there are six ongoing studies at the time of this review indicates an increased interest in this field by researchers, which is welcome and needed.
We found three well-conducted randomised randomised trials (RCTs) that included 1166 randomised women with breast cancer who were followed up for at least seven months after surgery to find out which method was the best to use for treating the tumour. There were no differences in the time to death from breast cancer in any of the three comparisons. There was an increased risk of neutropenic sepsis in the RT group compared with CT before RT but other adverse events did not differ. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found nine RCTs (RCTs) involving a total of 622 overweight or obese adults. Three of the studies compared CrP plus resistance or weight training with a placebo (a substance that has no effect on the body weight or body fat). One of the other trials looked at the effect of CrP alone, and the other three studies looked at CrP given alone or in combination with a medicine (placebo). The trials were all conducted in the community setting, with interventions mainly delivered by health professionals, and had a short- to medium-term follow up (up to 24 weeks) follow up. We found no firm evidence that CrP was more or less effective than placebo for body weight, body mass index (BMI) (a measure of body fat), change in body fat, or change in waist size. Only three of the nine studies provided information on adverse events (side effects) and we found that there were three serious side events in the 1000 µg CrP group, and one in the 200 µg group. One person in the 400 µg dose group dropped out of the study due to adverse events. No study reported on all-cause deaths, morbidity, health-related quality of life or socioeconomic effects. We concluded that there is no evidence to guide us to make firm decisions about the effectiveness and safety of adding CrP to the diet of adults who are obese or overweight.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 886 adults and children who had had a range of surgical wounds treated by any antiseptic or antibiotics/antibiotics or both. Most of the RCTs were small and some did not use methods that could be analysed in a way that could help us to understand how the results might be used in practice. This means that we were not able to draw conclusions about the effectiveness of any of the antiseptics and antibiotic treatments in terms of the time taken for wounds to heal or the length of time it took for them to heal. Where some evidence for possible treatment effects was found, it was limited and came from only a few studies with small numbers of people. This makes it less clear how these treatments compare with each other. There is no evidence that any of these treatments are better or worse than any other for treating wounds in people with SWHSI. It is likely or very likely that further research will have an important impact on our confidence in the results and may change these results.
We found five randomised trials with a total of 1049 women who had undergone CVS or amniocentesis. There was no clear evidence of benefit for any of them. The same applies for terbutaline tocolysis and use of a 'vacuum ventilator' during CVS. Overall, the quality of evidence was not high enough to change current practice.
We found 10 randomised and non-RCTs (studies in which participants were assigned to one of two or more groups using a random method) and three non-randomised trials (where participants were not randomised or quasi-rCTs) of wheat flour fortified with folic acid alone or with other micronutrients compared to unfortified flour in a search of the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's database in May 2018. We found that wheat flour fortified with folate was not more or less likely to cause birth defects in the brain or in the spinal cord than unfortify flour. However, there was a higher serum folate and erythrocyte folate levels in the blood in the women who consumed folate-fortified wheat flour porridge compared to those who did not. There was no difference in haemoglobin or anaemia in the children who had fortified wheat flour flatbread, and there was no effect of the fortified flour on the number of children with anaemia compared to children that did not have fortified flour. None of the included RCTs assessed the risk of brain or spinal cord defects, and none of the non-experiments reported on the incidence of anencephaly (a condition in which the head of the brain is not formed at the time of birth). Women who had folate fortified maize porridge in their porridge were more than twice as likely to have a serum folate and serum serum folic acids in their blood (serum folate was 2.92 nmol/L, 95% CI 1.99 to 3.85; very low-certainty evidence) than those who had no fortified flour. Women of a certain age who had a porridge made from maize flour with added to their usual porridge did not experience a greater risk of having serum or blood folate concentrations than women who had unfortifier-free porridge. Adults who consumed fortified flour flour bread rolls had higher serum and blood folate levels than adults who had normal flour flour. We rated the certainty of the evidence as very low for all outcomes. The certainty of evidence ranged from low to very low. The main reasons for the very low certainty were imprecision and risk of bias, and lack of precision.
We found six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 1,124,483 neonates (210 with CF) with a length of follow up of 17 years. Two RCTs, one of which was from the USA and one from the UK, assessed the effects of screening in CF in the first year of life. Results showed that at age seven, 88% of screened infants and 75% of controls had lung function parameters that were at least 89% of the expected range. Severe malnourishment was less common in screened infants. In screened infants colonisation with Pseudomonas aeruginosa (a bacterium that colonised the colon in the gut) occurred earlier than in those who were not screened. Over time, chest X-rays were worse in the screened group. Results were no longer clear when we looked at the long-term prognosis of people with CF. Screening seems to reduce the cost of the disease by about 50% and to be less risky by about half.
We found five trials, with a total of 7314 people with high blood pressure (119.3/64.4 mmHg vs 133.5/70.5 mmHG) with a mean follow-up of 4.5 years. Only one of the trials (ACCORD) looked at the effect of 'lower' versus'standard' systolic blood pressure targets in 4734 participants. The trial found that aiming to lower blood pressure to less than 120 mmhg did not result in a reduction in the risk of stroke, myocardial infarction, heart attack or congestive heart failure. There was a trend to lower non-cardiac deaths in the group assigned to the'slighter' target, mainly due to a trend in the trend to less non-heart-related deaths. The number of people who had a stroke in the target group was 1.1% lower than in the control group, but the risk was 2.0% more than in people who achieved the 'normal' blood pressure target. The risk of death was 1% lower in the lower target group, and there was no effect on the risk in the other trials. The trials did not look at the effects of the target on the number of other serious adverse events. None of the studies looked at end-stage renal failure or death from any cause. There is a high risk of bias in the analysis of diastolic blood blood pressure in the DBP target group in the four trials that looked at this type of target in people with diabetes. The quality of evidence was low for all of the outcomes.
This review found that non-removable, pressure-relieving casts are more effective in the healing of plantar foot ulcers than casts, or dressages alone. Achilles tendon lengthening combined with a non-revolving cast resulted in more healed ulcers at 7 months in one study. More ulcers remained healed at two years in this group. Other comparisons of the use of non-reliable casts included surgical debridement of ulcers; felt fitted to the foot; felted foam dressings and none of these showed a clear treatment effect in favour of the non-regressive cast.
We found five RCTs (involving 235 women with breast cancer who had received cancer treatment for any type of cancer. All five of the studies had a high risk of bias (that is, there is a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way that the trial was run and the way the results were analysed) and were at a high to low risk of systematic error (ie, there was a chance of arriving at the wrong results because of play of chance). Three of the five studies (n = 100) looked at the effect of a type of training called 'compensatory strategy training' which involves training the brain to change the way it works. Two of the trials (95 participants) found that patients who received this training did not seem to have a greater effect on their quality of life than those who did not. One of the other trials (19 participants) compared a group of patients who were on a wait-list to those who were not, and found that people who received the training group did not appear to have as much mental well-being as the group that was not trained. One trial (47 participants) looked into the impact of meditation and found no clear effect of meditation on the way in which the brain works. One study (19 people) looked in the same way at the effects of the exercise group and did not find that it had as much effect on the brain as the control group, but found that it did not have as many adverse events as the other studies. We rated the overall quality of the evidence as low for all outcomes and, therefore, findings should be viewed with caution. There is a need to do more research in this area and to find out if there is any benefit for cancer patients other than breast cancer survivors.
We found six randomised controlled trials, all from the 1970s, involving 343 people with schizophrenia. We found that chlorpromazine and piperacetazine may have the same effect in terms of reducing the symptoms of schizophrenia, but data were based on very small numbers of participants and we can not make firm conclusions based on such data. Chlorpromazine was no more or less well-treatable than p Piperacetazine. In terms of side effects, around 60% of participants in both groups had some sort of side effect, with around 40% of these people experiencing some type of movement disorder. No clear difference was found in the numbers of people who dropped out of the trials for any reason. No study reported on the costs of the drugs or on any side effects. The quality of the evidence was very low due to the poor way in which the trials were run and the small number of people in the trials. More high quality research is needed before we can draw any firm conclusions about which is the best drug for schizophrenia.
We found five trials with a total of 207 participants, 102 to colorectal stents and 105 to emergency surgery. The use of stents seems to be as safe and as safe as the emergency surgery in the malignity of the colon in terms of the risk of death and complications. However, there was no difference in the 30-day death rate between the two groups. There was a greater chance of the stent being placed in the colon by emergency surgery than by stent placement in the colic stent group. The average time of clinical relief of the obstruction was 0.66 day in the hospitalised group and was 3.55 days in the other group. Stent placement was successful in 86.02% of the attempted stent placements. The complication rate was 39.22% in hospitalised groups and 45.71% in emergency surgery groups. The mean length of time spent in hospital was 11.53 days in hospitalized groups and was 17.15 days in those who had emergency surgery, the mean procedure/operation time was 113.93 hours in the emergency group and 143.85 in the group that had a stent inserted. The median blood loss was 50 ml in the treatment group and 350 ml in emergency group. Overall, the use of colonic stents in malignities of the bowel seems to have no advantage over emergency surgery as the clinical success rate was higher in the surgery group.
We found nine RCTs (1867 women) comparing human albumin, HES or HES, or mannitol, or both, with placebo or no treatment for prevention of OHSS in women at high risk for OHSS. The evidence was of very low to very low quality for all comparisons. The main limitations were imprecision, poor reporting of the methods used in the trials, and a lack of data on live birth rates. There was evidence that the use of intravenous albumin may have a beneficial effect on OHSS, though there was not enough information to be sure of this. This means that if the rate of moderate or severe OHSS with no treatment is 12%, it will be about 9% (6% to12%) with use of IV albumin. However, there was evidence of a detrimental effect on pregnancy rates. If the chance of pregnancy is 40% with no intervention, the chance will be 32% (27% to 38%) with intravenous or intracranial albumin and 52% (19% to 41%) with HES. The use of HES has not been shown to reduce the risk of pregnancy in high risk women with PCOS, but this is based on very few trials which need to be confirmed in large, well-conducted trials before they should be considered for routine use in clinical practice.
We found 10 studies involving 484 people with telangiectasias of the lower limbs. There was no evidence to suggest that any one sclerosant was better than any other, but there was evidence that sclerotherapy was superior to a placebo (fake treatment). There was some evidence that polidocanol (POL) was more likely to cause side-effects at a concentration of 1% compared with other agents, and that sodium tetradecyl sulfate (STS) was significantly more painful than other agents. However, there was no difference in the number of people who were satisfied with any of the drugs compared with placebo. The evidence did not show that any drug was more or less good than the others. The quality of the evidence was poor, and more research is needed to find the best agent(s) and the best dosing to achieve the best results.
We found that salbutamol and insulin-dextrose appear to be the drugs of first choice for the treatment of hyperkalaemia. There is not enough evidence to support the use of other drugs to reduce the risk of death or heart arrhythmias, but there is some evidence that some drugs, such as IV bicarbonate and aminophylline, may be helpful. The effectiveness of IV and nebulised treatment is not yet known. None of the included studies evaluated the effect of IV or IV calcium or potassium binding resins.
We found 39 randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, and quasi-transfertile controlled trials (RCTs) of the use of antimicrobials in the sealing of the CVC for HD. The RCTs compared the risk of CRI, catheter thrombosis, or both, to a control group that did not use the same type of locking solution. We found that antimicrobial lock solutions (antibiotic and non-antibiotics) used in the studies were as safe as the other types of locking solutions. Antibiotics probably lead to less CRI per 1000 catheter-days and less risk of catheters developing blood clots compared to the control group. The risk of developing a blood clot was uncertain for all types of antibiotic lock solutions. Other types of lock solutions did not seem to have an effect. We are not able to draw any conclusions about the safety and effectiveness of antimiotics in the treatment of HD due to the lack of data. The overall risk of bias was low or very low for most of the outcomes, and the majority of the evidence was of low to very low certainty.
We found 15 RCTs (1098 adults and children) that compared pre-emptive therapy to prevent CMV disease in people who had received a transplanted heart or lung transplant. Six studies looked at the treatment of CMV when the disease had occurred (standard care), eight looked at treatment with an antifungal drug (antiviral prophylaxis), and one reported on the use of intravenous (into a vein) versus an intravenous dose of the drug. Pre-emptives were found to be more than twice as likely to reduce the risk of developing CMV in the first six months after transplantation compared with placebo or standard care, but there was no difference in the number of people who died or were at risk of dying from any cause. The risk of leucopenia (scarring of the white blood cells) was less in the group of patients who had pre-etched transplants compared with those who had been on antiviral treatment. Other adverse effects did not differ significantly or were not reported. There were no differences in the risks of all-cause death, graft loss, acute rejection (when the transplants fail to heal) and infections other than CMV. The review found that there was not enough information to draw any firm conclusions about the best way to treat CMV infection in patients who have had a transplant. More research is needed.
We found three RCTs (RCTs) comparing the use of sweet potato for type 2 diabetes mellitus in a total of 140 participants. All three studies were performed by the same trialist and all three were performed in the USA. The mean age of participants ranged from 55 to 68 years and the mean duration of the trials ranged from six weeks to five months. The trials showed that sweet potato was better than placebo in terms of blood sugar control at three to five month. There were no major side-effects of the sweet potato treatment. The risk of bias of the included RCT was unclear or high and the quality of the evidence was not high. There is not enough evidence to make any firm conclusions about the benefits and harms of sweet potatoes for the treatment of type 2 diabetics.
We found 19 studies with a total of 440 adults with cystic fibrosis aged from six to 63 years old. The age of the adults ranged from six years to 22.33 years. Most of the studies were of cross-over (cross-over design) design, which means that people in the control group received both the treatment and the treatment group at the same time. The study size ranged from seven to 65 participants. The length of time that people were followed up ranged from one day to three years in most of the trials, but there were two long-term trials with a follow up of one to 10 years. The studies compared the active cycle of breathing technique with autogenic drainage, airway oscillation devices, high frequency chest compression devices, conventional chest physiotherapies, and positive expiratory pressure (where air escapes from the lungs into the lungs and is pumped back out through the nose). The results showed that there was no difference in lung function and the number of lung attacks (flare-ups) with the use of the treatment. There was also no difference between the treatment groups in terms of quality of life, sputum weight, exercise tolerance, lung function, or oxygen levels. There is not enough evidence to say whether or not the treatment is better or worse than any other airway clearance therapy. Due to the nature of the intervention, none of the patients or the personnel who administered the treatment were aware of which treatment was being used. Most studies did not report on key quality items, and therefore, there is an unclear risk of bias in the way that the study design was performed. However, most studies reported on all planned outcomes, had adequate follow up, assessed compliance, and used an intention-to-treat analysis.
We found eight RCTs with 733 women in total that compared brief co-incubation of sperm and oocytes with the use of overnight insemination for IVF. Live birth was not reported in any of the trials. The low quality of the evidence showed that there was an increase in the number of women who were still in the first trimester of pregnancy in the short-term (three trials) and a decrease in the rate of miscarriage in the longer term (two trials) in the brief-term group. However, there was no difference in the rates of live birth between the two groups in terms of the risk of miscarriage. There was no information on the clinical pregnancy rate. The evidence is up to date as of March 2015.
This review found that babies born with a long IT have a greater risk of air leaks and death than those born with short ITs. The risk of BPD was not reduced by the use of a short IT, but the risk of death was. Babies born to a newborn ventilator with an IT that was too long were more than twice as likely to die as those born to one that was short. The results should be taken in the light of the fact that modern neonatal intensive care has changed a great deal in the last 20 years, with the introduction of steroids, post natal surfactant and synchronised modes of ventilation.
We found 33 randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, cross-over trials (RCTs) of TFU in 5110 patients. The TFU has been applied in many patient groups. There is a large variety in the ways the TFU was carried out (the health professionals who carried out the intervention, the types of health professionals, the time of day, the length of time the intervention was done, the type of health care provided, etc.). Many different outcomes have been measured, but only a few were measured across more than one study. Overall, there was not enough evidence to conclude whether or not TFU is an effective intervention. No adverse effects were found. The low quality of the studies means that results must be considered with caution.
We found 38 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at ways to improve the number of people who came back to the study sites for follow-up. These trials were from all over the world, in a wide range of disease areas, countries, healthcare settings and in a range of health care settings. We found that people who were offered money for the return of a questionnaire were more than twice as likely to come back as those who were not offered money. There was no evidence that a questionnaire was more or less likely to be returned than a non-monetary incentive (such as a cash reward) or that a telephone survey was better than a questionnaire or a postal or electronic questionnaire. However, there was no good evidence that the use of a postal questionnaire format (e.g. electronic or postal) was any better or worse than using a questionnaire format, or that the length of the questionnaire was any less or no different from the length provided by the questionnaire itself. Some other strategies, such as using offers of charity donations, reminders to trial sites and when a questionnaire is sent, may need further evaluation. Behavioural strategies used to help people to return to the trial sites may also be of use.
We found eight RCTs that involved a total of 829 participants (416 and 413 in the pLMA and cLMA groups, respectively). We identified six cross-over (cross-over is a type of study in which participants are assigned to one of two or more treatment groups using a random method) studies that are still in progress. We are uncertain about the effects of either of the airway devices in terms of failure of oxygenation or ventilate because there were very few events. We found that the ProSeal laryngeal mask airway makes a better seal and therefore may be more suitable than the Classic airway for ventilating the airways. More time was required to establish an effective airway with the p-LMA. Peak airway pressure was lower in participants in the Classic group. There was a greater risk of leak in the larynx in those who were fitted with the proSeal airway. Data were insufficient to be able to draw conclusions about the risk of obstruction due to the device. None of the studies reported postoperative nausea and vomiting as an outcome. The quality of evidence for all outcomes, as assessed by the GRADE score, is low. This is due to issues related to blinding and imprecision. Data show no differences between the devices with regard to failure to insert the device, use of an alternate device, mucosal injury, sore throat, bronchospasm, gastric insufflation, regurgitation, coughing, and excessive leak. Results were not clear in relation to the number of complications. The overall. The results of this review do not show that one of the devices is better than the other for any of the outcomes.
We found 19 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 1453 children aged from four to 18 years from eight different countries. The mean age at the time of enrolment ranged from 6.3 years to 13.1 years. Girls outnumbered boys in most trials. Fourteen of the RCTs included in this update were of children with RAP or RAP, and five of these were of only children with irritable bowel syndrome. The other studies were of probiotics, fibre-based interventions, low FODMAP (fermentable oligosaccharide, disaccharides, monosacchides and polyols) diets, and the one of fructose-restricted diets. We found that children treated with probiotics were more than twice as likely to have less pain at three to six months after the end of treatment than those treated with a fake medicine (placebo) (odds ratio (OR) 1.63, 95% CI 1.07 to 2.47; 7 studies; 722 children). The number needed to treat for one child to have an improvement in pain was eight. We were not able to perform any meta-analyses for secondary outcomes, such as school performance, social or psychological functioning, or school attendance, as there were too few children in the studies. We also found that there was no reduction in pain in the probiotics group compared to the placebo group at the same time point. We judged the evidence for these outcomes to be of low quality due to an unclear risk of bias, imprecision, and differences in the way the studies were carried out. We did not find any evidence for the effects of the different types of probiotic treatments. We could not pool the data from the different ways that probiotics may have helped the pain of RAP in the first three months after treatment (GRADE) due to differences between the ways in which the trials were run and the way that the outcomes were measured. The quality of evidence was rated as low for all outcomes.
We found 22 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 4490 participants. All were from the USA, and 19 of the 22 included RCTs had outcomes that could be analysed. Seventeen of the studies had a mix of students and adults (students are the target group in most studies). Most of the trials had a high risk of bias (i.e. there was a chance of arriving at wrong conclusions because of the way that the trial was run) and were at risk of systematic error (ie, there was potential to arrive at the wrong conclusions by chance alone). Findings from the five trials (1196 participants) with the same outcome were mixed, with effects showing a reduction, increase or no effect. The three trials (n = 394) with continuous outcomes showed that mass media interventions may have a small to medium effect in decreasing prejudice, and are equivalent to reducing the level of prejudice from that of schizophrenia to that of depression. However, there is not enough evidence to be sure that this is the case. The studies were very heterogeneous, in their populations, interventions and outcomes, and only one meta-analysis within one subgroup was needed. Cost data were only available for three studies, which were very variable and did not address cost-effectiveness. Only two studies (involving 455 participants) reported on adverse events, and neither found any. Overall, the quality of the evidence was low to very low, which means that we are not able to draw any conclusions about the effectiveness of mass media programmes for reducing prejudice. There is a need for more high-quality, well-conducted, large-scale, long-term research on the use of mass-based programmes to understand which types of programmes work best, and to fill in the gaps left by the lack of research in this area. Our search is up-to-date as of March 2015.
We searched for evidence in April 2017. We found 85 studies, which took place in 41 countries, including eight high-income and 18 low-income countries, in rural, urban and semi-urban settings. Forty-six of the 85 studies looked at the views and experiences of healthy pregnant or postnatal women, 17 of these looked at women’s experiences of healthcare providers, and 22 looked at both the views of both women and healthcare providers. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. For women, whether or not to use ANC for the first time depends on whether they think that doing so will be a good experience. This is a result of the provision of good-quality, relationship-based, local services that are not dependent on the payment of informal fees (e.g. informal fees are fees that can be paid by people who do not have access to formal health services) and that allow staff to take the time they need to give the right support, information and safety for the woman and her baby, as and when they need it. Whether they use ANC or not depends on their experience of the way that it was designed and provided when they first use it. For healthcare providers to be able to provide the kind of high-good quality, personalised, care that is likely to be available to women, they need the resources and staff to do so, as well as the time to give them, and they must have the time and resources to do this. They need to have the right kind, caring staff who make good, culturally-appropriate links with the community-based links with women, who respect women‘s belief that pregnancy is a normal life event, but who can recognise and respond to problems when they arise, and who can help them when they do arise. They also need the right skills and skills to do their job well, and the right amount of money so that they do not need to ask for money from women and their families, to supplement their income, or to buy essential supplies. Whether or not women use ANC, and whether they continue to use it, will also depend on their perceptions of the value of using it, which are based on their beliefs about pregnancy as a healthy or a risky state, and on their reactions to the fact that they are pregnant. It also depends on local socio-cultural norms and values that favour the use of antenatal care for healthy pregnancies, and for those with complications. This review has identified key barriers and facilitators to the uptake (or not) of ANC services by pregnant women, and in the use and use of good quality ANC by health providers.
The aim of this review was to assess the benefits and harms of the use of these drugs in patients with aneurysmal SAH. Sixteen trials, involving 3361 patients, were included in the review; three of these were of a drug called magnesium sulphate in addition to nimodipine. Overall, the risk of 'poor outcome' was less than half that of patients with SAH who were not treated with the drugs, and there was a favourable trend for a lower risk of death in those who were treated with these drugs. For the other drugs tested, there was not enough evidence to say whether or not they were of any benefit. The results for 'poor outcomes' depend largely on a one large, well-designed, and well-travelled trial of the antiepileptic drug nimmodipine; the results for other drugs are unclear. Intravenous administration of the drugs is not recommended on the basis of the evidence.
We found three RCTs with a total of 739 patients. The age cut-off for diagnosis of high-risk neuroblastoma was one year and the age of one year was used for pre-treatment risk stratification in all three of the studies. All three studies used myeloablative therapy in the treatment of patients at high risk of this type of brain tumour. The results of the review showed that there was a benefit in terms of event-free survival (i.e. time from the start of treatment to the end of treatment) for patients who had received myelosuppressive drugs compared to those who had not received these drugs. There was no evidence of an effect on the time to death from any cause in either group. However, when we looked at the results of two of the other studies we found that overall survival was no longer different between the treatment groups. We also looked at secondary malignant disease and treatment-related death, but we did not find any difference between the two groups. All studies had some limitations in the way they were designed and all had a long-term follow-up time of at least three years. It should be kept in mind that the cut-point for high risk disease was changed from one year to 18 months, and it is possible that patients with what is now classified as intermediate-risk disease have been included in the high- risk groups. Therefore the relevance of the findings of these studies to the current practice can be questioned.
We found eight trials involving 632 people with unresectable hepatocellular carcinoma. The mean age ranged from 16 years to 78 years. The participants were followed-up for a mean of 12 months (range 2 months to 38 months). We found that TACE followed by 3-DCRT compared with TACE alone may have reduced the risk of death from any cause at three years' follow-up (low-certainty evidence). We also found that the proportion of patients with tumour shrinkage was increased in the TACE group, and that the tumour size was similar in both groups. We are uncertain about the effect of TACE on health- and non-serious adverse events (very low- and low- certainty evidence). None of the trials reported any serious adverse events. The results on non-harmful adverse events were not clear, and we are very much uncertain in the results of the results for leukopenia and serum transaminases (a type of protein found in the blood) elevation. The rate of participants with serum alpha-fetoprotein (AFP) (which is a sign of tumour growth) without decline or normalisation was also lower in participants who underwent TACE, but these data were from one trial only. We rated the certainty of the evidence as low to very low. All eight trials were at high risk of bias, which means that the results may not be valid and we cannot be sure that they did not have systematic flaws that could have led to bias.
No trials were found that looked at the effects of increasing the amount of energy given to preterm babies with CLD/BPD compared to the amount given to them as a newborn. One study showed that preterm infants who were fed formula enriched with protein and minerals had improved growth and lung growth up to three months of age. The other study looked at increasing the volume of milk feed and/or the milk feed itself, but found that both groups were unable to achieve the pre-designated feed volumes and that there were no differences in growth, lung function, oedema (swelling) and diuretic (diuretic) requirements. To date, no trials have been found that have looked at this topic.
We found 13 randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, double blind, cross-over, multi-centre randomised and quasi-transfertile (RCTs) controlled trials (2341 patients) involving 2360 catheters inserted in the subclavian vein and femoral vein. Most of the RCTs were at high risk of bias, which means that their results may be imprecise. The quality of evidence was very low or low for most of the outcomes, and was moderate for one outcome (femoral vein) and high at best for the other. The results for Doppler (two-dimensional) and anatomical landmark (three-doubling of the catheter) techniques were uncertain. For the sublavian veins, we found that there was a small risk of an arterial puncture and haematoma (blood-filled) formation with the use of ultrasound. No evidence was found of a difference in the risk of total or other complications, the number of attempts to insert the catheter, the first-time (US) success rate or the time taken to enter the vein (US). For the femoral veins, there was no evidence of a change in risk of a puncture or other adverse events, but success on the first attempt was found to be more likely with ultrasound, and a small increase in the overall success rate was noted. No data on death or participant-reported outcomes were provided. The evidence is up to date as of July 2013.
We found 15 randomised, double-blind, quasi-randomised trials of physostigmine for the symptomatic treatment of patients with Alzheimer's disease. Fifteen studies were found that used four different ways of administering the drug. Four studies, 29 people, used the intravenous method; seven, 131 people used a conventional oral form; four, 1456 patients, used a controlled-release oral form, and one study of 181 patients used a verum skin patch. The results from the trials of the oral form showed no benefit of the drug when compared with placebo. The best dose of this drug was 33 mg/day, and the lower dose 5.7mg/day. There were more people who dropped out of the trial due to side-effects at the higher dose (mean 33 mg a day) and were not able to take the drug due to adverse events than at the other doses (mean 5.0mg a day). There was no difference between the higher and the placebo dose for numbers improved (CGIC) at 24 weeks. The studies did not show that there was a difference in the numbers of people who improved on the ADAS-Cog score (which is a tool to assess the effects of treatment for Alzheimer’s disease) between the two groups treated with the drug and placebo at six, 12, or 24 weeks after the end of treatment. The trials did not report on the effect of the skin patch on the Cog score. The included in this review were of a type of patch that is thought to be used in the same way as the blood thinning cream, but the patch was not found to be of any benefit compared with the placebo. There is a need for further research in this area.
We found 13 trials involving a total of 16,112 participants. Eleven of the 13 randomised, double-blind, quasi-randomised, and quasi-transfertile (RCTs) trials were of the fibrate class, and the others were of other types of fibrates. We found that people who had a stroke were less likely to have a myocardial infarction (heart attack) than those who did not have a stroke. The risk of death from any cause was not reduced by the use of these drugs, and there was no increase in the risk of stroke or death due to any cause. The use of clofibrate (a drug that is used to prevent clots in the arteries of the heart) was found to be effective in the prevention of stroke, non-fatal heart attack, and death from vascular causes. There was no increased risk of adverse events with use of this class of drugs compared to placebo. The number of participants included in the analyses ranged from 11,719 to 16,064. The overall risk of bias of the trials was moderate. The meta-analysis (combine of all trials) showed that people with a history of stroke were more at risk of a heart attack than people with no stroke or no stroke. This was the case for all-cause deaths (death from all causes), stroke events, and stroke events. However, the analysis was not able to show a difference in the number of people who died due to all causes. The analysis showed that there was not enough evidence to say which type of blood clots were the most likely to cause a stroke, MI, or vascular death. The analyses showed that the remaining classes of drugs (clofibrates) were no longer effective in preventing stroke or heart attack. The quality of evidence was low to very low for all outcomes.
We found 12 trials involving 3285 healthy women undergoing elective CS (nine trials, 2453 women) or giving birth by caesarean birth (three trials, 832 women) who were at low risk of excessive blood loss after CS. All women received uterotonics in addition to TA or placebo or no intervention. The risk of blood loss greater than 400 mL or 500 mL and more than 1000 mL was less in the group of women who received TA than in women who had had CS, but there was an increase in the risk of greater than 500 mL loss in women having a vaginal birth. Mean blood loss (from the time of birth until the first meal of the day after birth) was lower in participants who had received TA compared with those who had not received TA (five trials, 1186 women) and this was the case in both women having CS and giving birth vaginine (two trials, 559 women). There was no difference in the number of blood transfusions. Mild side effects such as nausea, vomiting, dizziness and headache were more common with the use of TA. The effect of TA on death from any cause, severe morbidity and thromboembolic events (blood clots forming in the blood) is not known. There is not enough evidence to draw conclusions about serious side effects but there is an increased risk of minor side effects, such as dizziness, nausea, and dizziness.
We found 12 studies (2494 participants: 1586 children and 908 adults) that compared amantadine and rimantdine with placebo, paracetamol or zanamivir to treat influenza A in children and the elderly. We found no randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the use of amantdines in the children. The risk of flu was 10 per 100 people in the control group and one per 100 in the treatment group. The number of people at risk of influenza A was 38 per 100. In children, the risk of being at risk was 14 per 100 and the number of cases was 17 per 100 (range 5 to 34 per 100). There was no evidence of adverse effects caused by treatment with amantistine or rituximab in the adults. The quality of the evidence was low and the safety of the drug was not well known. For the treatment of fever on day three of the first day of treatment in children, amant darbepoetin was effective in reducing fever on the first three days of treatment compared to placebo. However, there was a lack of certainty about the safety and a high risk of bias of the study design. The results do not show that amantidine or rimantidine could be useful in preventing, treating and shortening the duration of flu in both children and adults.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that included a total of 1512 women. Most of these women were in their 20s and had not been able to get pregnant. In seven of the RCTs the women were undergoing IUI and in the other trials the participants were trying to get a baby from sex. Eight of the trials compared endometrial injury with no intervention or a'sham' (placebo) surgery. In one of these trials, women who had already had IUI in the cycle prior to IUI were compared to those who had had endometric surgery in the same cycle as the IUI. One of these two trials compared women who underwent IUI with those who underwent surgery to repair the endometrium in the menstrual cycle before IUI to see if there was any effect on the chances of pregnancy or live birth/ongoing pregnancy. We are not sure whether endometral injury improves the chance of live birth or pregnancy as the quality of the evidence was very low. When we only looked at studies at low risk of bias, the effect was imprecise and the evidence remained of very low quality. The main reasons for this were most of the studies had a high risk of systematic errors (bias) and had an overall low level of precision (i.e. there was a chance of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of the way that the study was done). When we looked at hysteroscopy only, there was no evidence of a difference in the number of women who were still in the womb after the surgery or had a baby when the surgery was compared to the number who were in the surgery alone. This study did not report the main outcome of pain during the surgery. When endometrics were used to assess the risk of miscarriage, ectopic (pregnant with a baby that has not yet been born) or multiple pregnancy, no effect was found. It is not clear whether or not endometrioskeletons are better or worse than those that are not done. The quality of evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. Further well-conducted studies with large numbers of participants are required to confirm or refute these findings.
We found four RCTs (3905 participants), all of which were at high risk of bias (ie, there was a potential to arrive at the wrong conclusions because of the way the study was run and the way that the results were analysed). The studies all looked at one comparison: professional oral care compared with usual care. We did not pool the results from one study (N = 834 participants), which was stopped at the time of analysis due to lack of a clear difference between groups. We were not able to determine whether professional care was more or less effective than usual care in reducing the number of first episodes of pneumonia in nursing homes. We found low- and very low-risk of death due to pneumonia in the first 24 months after the end of follow-up. There was low- risk of dying from any cause in the 24-month period after the start of the study. Only one of the four studies (834 participants) looked at the adverse effects of the interventions. The study found no serious events and 64 non-serious events, the most common of which was dental staining. No study looked at whether or not there was any difference between professional care and no care. Evidence for other outcomes is not clear and we found no high- or very-low-risk results. We could not draw any firm conclusions from the four small, high-risk-of-bias (high-risk) and low-quality (low risk of arriving at wrong conclusions) results. The evidence is up-to-date as of July 2018.
Five RCTs (149 participants) met the inclusion criteria. These studies assessed bismuth subsalicylate (nine 262 mg tablets daily for 8 weeks) and budesonide (9 mg/day for 6 to 8 weeks), mesalazine (2.4 g/day) and beclometasone dipropionate (5 mg or 10 mg per day) compared with placebo. Four of the studies were judged to be at high risk of bias due to lack of blinding (i.e. patients and their carers did not know whether they were in the treatment group or the placebo group). The other 3 studies were assessed to be of low or very low quality due to a lack of information. Bismuth (9 262 mg) was found to be as effective as placebo for the treatment of active lymphocytic colitis. There was no difference in the number of patients who were in clinical remission at 8 weeks and 12 months after the end of treatment. Adverse events in patients who took bistuth were reported as nausea, sleepiness and change of mood. Nausea and skin rash were reported in the mesalazepine study. Side-effects in patients in the other studies were nausea, vomiting, neck pain, abdominal pain, rash and headache. Side effects in patients taking mesalamide with or without cholestyramine (4 g a day) were noted in 85% of participants in the study in which patients were enrolled and in 86% of those who were not. Side effect reports in patients treated with mesalizepine with or alone with cholestramine were nausea and rash. Side events in the beclocetine study were described as sleepiness, dizziness, headache and dizziness. No side-effects were found in the placebo-controlled study. The only side-effect reported was a change in mood in one of the patients who had a sleepiness-like feeling. The other side-side-effects reported were headache, skin rash and nausea in one patient who had sleepiness. The evidence is up to date as of March 2014. The quality of the evidence was low to very low due to the lack of data and the very small size of the included studies. This means that further research is very likely to have an effect on our confidence in the results.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) including 3259 people with type 2 diabetes who were randomly assigned to self-monitoring of blood and urine blood glucose or to usual care. The duration of follow-up ranged from 6 months (26 weeks) to 12 months (52 weeks). Nine of the 12 RCTs compared SMBG with usual care, one RCT was a three-armed study, one was a one-armed trial, one study was a two-armed randomised trial and one trial had three arms (two arms each) with a control group and a group with both SMBG and SMUG. In one study SMBG was compared with SMUG and in the third arm with a standard care group. We found that SMBG may reduce HbA1c in patients with a duration of one year or more, but the effects were not clear up to six months after the start of the trial. There were few data on the effects on other outcomes and these effects were also not clear. None of the studies reported on the risk of death from any cause. We concluded that when the duration of the study was over one year, the overall effect of self-medicine-free self-metering of blood glucose on glycaemic control in the blood of type 2 diabetics who are not on insulin was very small. This effect was seen up to one year after the end of the intervention and subsides after 12 months. Furthermore, based on a best-evidence synthesis, there is no effect of SMBG on well-being and general health-related quality of life. There was no effect on satisfaction, general well-health-based well-ness or health-based health- and well-quality of life, as well as on hypoglycaemia (low blood sugar) and diabetic complications. More research is needed to explore the psychological impact of the SMBG approach and its impact on patients' well- and health-being, and to assess the impact of this approach on diabetic complication rates.
We found 11 randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, cross-over trials of a range of treatments for adults with AsPD. Eleven studies involving 471 adults with AsPD met the inclusion criteria, although data were available from only five of these, with a total of 276 people with asperger's syndrome. Most of the trials were of interventions that had been developed for people with substance misuse problems. Only a few of the studies addressed the main outcomes of this review (aggression, reconviction, global functioning, social functioning, adverse effects). Three of the interventions (contingency management with treatment as usual; CBT plus maintenance; and the ‘Driving Whilst Intoxicated’ program) were found to be better than the control group in terms of at least one of the main outcome measures, and all three had been designed to treat substance misuse. There was no evidence that any of the other treatments had any serious side effects. Overall, there is not enough evidence to support the use of any of these treatments. More research is needed.
We found 11 randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, cross-over trials that assessed the effectiveness and safety of the use of antibiotics for the common cold or for persisting acute purulent rhinitis in adults and all ages. Six of the 11 trials contributed to one or more of the meta-analyses, with up to 1047 participants. Five of the six trials had a combined total of 791 participants. One of the trials was at a high risk of bias, which means that it may have been influenced by the way in which it was carried out. There was a moderate risk that some of the studies did not report methods that could be analysed, which could have led to bias, and that it was not clear how many participants were likely to have chest or sinus infections. We found that there was no evidence of any benefit from antibiotics for common cold in adults. There is evidence that there is a greater risk of side-effects in adults when they are used for the treatment of common cold and in all ages when given for acute purulence. Routine use of antibiotic drugs for these conditions is not recommended.
We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 162 adults (aged 12 to 77 years) with psoriasis who had been treated with antibiotics for at least six months. Three of the RCTs were conducted in a hospital skin care department, and the other three were in a dermatology department. We did not perform a meta-analysis due to heterogeneity of participants' characteristics and interventions. The mean PASI score at the end of treatment ranged from 5.7 (i.e. mild) to 23.7 points in four of the five trials. Only one trial assessed the effects of the antibiotic penicillin (50,000 international units (IU)/kg/day in three doses) versus erythromycin (250 mg four times per day) compared with no treatment. At six weeks (short-term) follow-up, no adverse events were observed in either group, and there was no difference in the proportion of participants with clear or almost clear skin. One trial assessed rifampicin (300 mg twice a day) versus placebo (14 days of treatment) and six weeks after the start of treatment. One study assessed long-term azithromycin treatment (500 mg daily dose) versus vitamin C. Adverse events occurred in 10 out of 30 participants in the azithomycin group (nausea and mild stomach upset), but not in the vitamin C group. The number of participants who achieved clear or clear skin was not assessed. One of the trials assessed the effect of tonsillectomy (an operation to remove the tonsils) versus no surgery. At eight weeks (longer than six weeks), no side-effects were reported in either treatment group. One participant in the tonsilectomy group had minor bleeding after surgery. None of the studies assessed our primary outcome, time-to-resolve, or our secondary outcome, risk of having at least one relapse at long- term. We rated the quality of the results as very low, due to high risk of bias (absence of blinding of participants and caregivers, and high risk reporting bias) and imprecision (a low number of events). Hence, we are very uncertain about the results presented.
We found 12 RCTs involving 933 people with MS. Eleven of the 12 trials tested vitamin D₃, and one trial tested the same type of vitamin D, but with a different dose and duration of treatment. Fourteen of the trials were at high risk of bias, which means that their results may not be generalisable to other types of MS. Vitamin D was not shown to reduce the risk of relapsing (recurrence) of MS, and there was no difference in the number of people who had a relapse at 52 weeks of follow-up. There was no effect on the rate of relapse, the severity of disability, or the amount of damage to the brain caused by MS, as assessed by the Expanded Disability Status Scale (EDSS) and MRI lesions. One trial found that people who took vitamin D were less tired than those who took placebo at 26 weeks of treatment, but the other found no effects on fatigue at 96 weeks of therapy. Seven studies reported on the effects of the vitamin D treatment on the body’s immune system, and found no clear pattern of change in the levels of some of the most well-known biomarkers (cytokine levels, T-lymphocyte levels, and matrix metalloproteinase levels), but again, no clear patterns of change were found in these results. The trials did not report on the time to first MS relapse, number of patients who needed to be treated in hospital due to progression of the disease, percentage of participants who were free of MS relapse-free, or who did not have symptoms of MS at the end of the treatment period, or cognitive function. The quality of evidence was very low for all of the outcomes. This means that we are uncertain as to whether or not vitamin D is of benefit for patients with MS and that further research is likely to have an impact on our confidence in the results.
We included 62 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 4241 people with cancer aged 18 years or over. The trials compared morphine in a variety of forms with each other or with other drugs, or with non-opioids (such as non-steroidal anti-cancer drugs), or with no treatment. The evidence is up-to-date as of July 2015. The main outcomes were the number of people who had pain that was no worse than mild, and the time that it took to achieve this level of pain relief. Eighteen of the 62 included RCTs achieved this, and no study found that good levels of pain control were not achieved. Morphine is an effective analgesic for cancer pain. A few trials did not report how many people had good pain control, but where it was reported, over 90% had no worse-than-mild pain in a short period of time, and over 6% of people stopped treatment with morphine due to adverse events. The review shows the wide dose range of morphine used in the trials, and that a small percentage of people are not able to take the medicine at the recommended dose. The quality of the evidence is generally poor. Most of the trials were old, often small, and were only designed to show that the same medicine was given to the same group of people at the same dose for the same length of time. It was not clear if these trials were large or large enough to be able to tell whether one type of morphine was better than any other, or vice-versa. Most trials had a cross-over design, which means that participants were put in one group and then swapped over to the other group at the end of the trial.
We found 14 trials, with a total of 1260 adults and 1361 people with trigger fingers. The age of participants ranged from 16 to 88 years; and the majority of them were women (around 70%). The participants had symptoms for three to 15 months, and the follow-up after the surgery ranged from eight weeks to 23 months. Most of the trials had flaws in the way they were done, which could have led to bias and imprecision in the results. The main comparison was open surgery compared with steroid injections, as open surgery is the oldest and the most widely used treatment method and considered as standard surgery, and is often used as first-line treatment in clinical practice. We are uncertain whether open surgery improves the risk of recurrence of symptoms in the six to 12 months after the treatment, and we are not sure whether there is an increased risk of adverse events (incidence of infection, tendon injury, flare, cutaneous discomfort and fat necrosis) from the use of open surgery. Evidence was of low to very low quality, mainly due to flaws in how the studies were done and the few events that we found.
We found three RCTs, with 931 participants, that tested three types of neoadjuvant treatments: RT alone, RT and procarbazine, lomustine and vincristine (PCV) chemotherapy, PCV chemotherapy alone, and temozolomide chemotherapy alone. None of the studies blinded participants or personnel, and, therefore, the studies are at high risk of bias. The studies were otherwise of high quality. One study, the European Organisation for Research and Treatment of Cancer (EORTC) trial, showed a benefit for RT plus PCV compared with RT alone. The average time to death was 3.5 years in the RT alone arm compared with 2.6 years for the RT group. This result was reported 10 years after the conclusion of the enrolment, and was not found in the original 2008 Cochrane review. Furthermore, with the use of biomarkers, we found that the IDH-1 or -2 mutation and codeletion of the 1p and 19q gene were independent prognostic factors for OS in two of the trials (RTOG) and EORTC), and were also found to be a prognostic factor in one of the other trials. The third trial (NOA-04) evaluated these biomarkers prospectively and found them prognostic for survival. Early PCV, either before or after RT, appears to improve OS of participants with AO or AOA. The use of the biomarkers identified a subset of people with increased sensitivity to combined PCV and RT. The important role of biomarker-based biomarkers was found in all of the three trials examined, and future studies should assess the role of this in the treatment of AO and AOA patients.
We found five trials with a total of 240 children aged one to 18 years with mild to moderate OSA (AHI 1 to 30 per hour) who were followed-up for six weeks to four months. Three RCTs (n = 137) compared intranasal corticosteroids (medicine injected directly in the oesophagus) with a fake medicine (placebo) and compared it to a dummy medicine (sugar pill) that looked the same as the medicine but did not have the same effects. We are uncertain about the difference in AHI (which is a measure of the amount of oxygen in the blood that can be reached during sleep) and AHI between the two groups. In contrast, we are also uncertain about whether there is a difference in the number of apnoeas (short-term episodes of short-term breathlessness, shortness of breath, and coughs and wheezes) and oxygen levels (which are signs of OSA) in the first few hours of sleep between the treatment groups. We also have concerns about selective reporting in one of the studies, which we thought might have led to bias. We found that the use of montelukast (an anticholinergic drug) may reduce the need for nasal bleeds in otherwise healthy, non-obese, surgically untreated children with OSA who are not suffering from OSA. In the short term, we found that it may have a short-lived effect on reducing the need to breathe in the same way during sleep in children without OSA, but we are not sure about the effect on AHI, desaturation index (a measure of how hot and dry the blood is during sleep), as well as on the levels of oxygen and the level in the airways, which is a sign of the body’s response to oxygenation. There was no evidence that children who were treated with the drug had any more or less sleepiness than those who were not given the drug. Adverse events were assessed and reported in all trials and were rare, of minor nature (e.g. nose bleeds), and evenly distributed between study groups. No study looked at the risk of avoiding surgery for OSA as an outcome. The certainty of the evidence was low for the AHI and the other outcomes due to imprecision of the results and heterogeneity in the way that the results were measured. We rated the certainty of evidence for the other outcome of AHI as high for the corticostimulant effect and moderate for the effects on the desaturation of the blood and the oxygen levels of the lungs. There is not enough evidence to say whether there are any long-term benefits or harms from the use or use of corticogenic drugs in OSA in children.
We found six randomised and quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs/CCTs) and three non-rCTs (CTs) with a total of 1291 children with CVCs. All six RCTs and three CCTs investigated the prevention of VTE (low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) n = 134, antithrombin (AT) supplements n = 37, low-dose warfarin n = 31, cryoprecipitate and/or fresh frozen plasma (FFP) supplementation n = 240, AT supplementation and LMWH n = 41). Of the six studies, five compared the treatment with no intervention (n = 737), and one CCT compared AT supplements with AT supplements (n= 71). All studies had a low risk of bias (i.e. there was a high risk of arriving at wrong conclusions due to the way that the studies were done). We found no effect of any of the interventions in preventing VTE. In one study, we found that the addition of LMWH to AT supplements resulted in a reduction in symptomatic VTE, which is when blood clots form in the brain but are not caused by a blood clot, compared with no treatment. We did not find any differences in the occurrence of other adverse events (such as bleeding episodes) or in the risk of death due to VTE between the groups. None of the studies reported thrombocytopenia, HIT, HIT, death as a result of Vte, removal of CVC due toVTE, CVC-related infection or PTS. These were not assessed in the studies. In the experimental group, 1/68 (1.5%) of children were diagnosed with symptopic VTE as were in the control group, as were 4/114 (3.5%), which was the best case scenario. These studies also assessed asymptemic VTE: 22/68 children (32.4%) of the group in the treatment group had no VTE and 35/114 children (30.7%) in the group without VTE; these were the best-case and worst-case outcomes, which were that children had VTE but were not affected by VTE or had no adverse events. One participant had an ischaemo-haemorrhagic stroke (stroke) in one study and none in the other. One study reported on other side-effects: None occurred. We concluded that there is no evidence that any intervention is better or worse than no intervention in preventing (a)symptomised VTE in children with a CVC in terms of reducing the number of episodes of bleeding. However, this could be a consequence of the low number of patients included in the trials, which could also be due to limitations in the way the trials were done. One CCT, which compared one systemic treatment with the other, found that adding LMWH supplements to AT supplementation reduced the incidence of symptomized VTE without any adverse events, but this was not found in all patients. We conclude that there are no clear benefits or harms of any intervention in the use of systemic treatments to prevent VTE for paediatric oncology patients with CVs.
We found three trials with a total of 287 adults who had either a TAAA or TAAA repaired with CSFD in thoracic and thoracoabdominal aneurysm surgery for TAAA. In the first trial of 98 adults, there was an 80% reduction in the rate of neurological deficit in the first 24 hours after surgery in the CSFD group compared to controls. The second trial of 33 adults used a combination of CSFD and intrathecal papaverine. It showed a similar result. The third trial of 145 adults had TAAA repair performed on 145 adults. Paraplegia or paraparesis occurred in 12.2% of participants in the control group and 2.7% in those who received CSFD. There is a need for further research in this area.
We found 13 RCTs, with a total of 662 people with CPP or GP, that compared NB-UVB with PUVA and other phototherapeutic agents for the treatment of CPP and GP. We found that in one RCT of NB-uvB compared to PUVA, there was no difference in the amount of skin that had been cleared from the skin in terms of the Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) 75 (which is a tool that rates how well the skin has healed) and the number of patients that dropped out of the RCT due to side-effects (withdrawal due to adverse events). In three other trials, the clear-up rate (the percentage of the skin that has been cleared) between the PUVA group and the NBUVB group was not clear. In one trial, the clearance rate in favour of PUVA was similar in all three groups. We also found that there were no differences in the numbers of people who were able to reach the PASI 75 and the numbers that were no worse than or more than 75% better after the end of the study. We did not find any studies that looked at the use of NBUVBs in people with GP or CPP compared with other phototherapy agents. We are not able to draw any conclusions about the effectiveness and side-effect rates from the different phototherapies that have been used for PPP. The quality of the evidence was low for all of the outcomes, which means that we are uncertain about the results and that further research is likely to have an effect on our conclusions.
This is an update of a review that was first published in 2004. We found 21 trials with a total of 1525 people with faecal incontinence of which only a few were of high quality. The review found that biofeedback and the use of an implanted sacral nerve stimulator (stimulator is a device placed in the anal canal to stimulate the nerves) may improve the outcome of treatment. There was not enough evidence as to whether there was a difference in outcome for any method of biofeed back or exercises. There is a suggestion that some of the techniques used to help people to achieve full continence may have a therapeutic effect, but it is not certain as there were only a small amount of trials and many of the trials were of poor quality. Exercises appear to be less effective than an implantable sacral nerves stimulator.
We found 39 randomised and quasi-randomised controlled trials that compared the use of catheters (catheters are tubes that go down the urethral canal and into the bladder) versus not using them following surgery. They were all small and of low or very low risk of bias. We could not draw conclusions about whether or not to use a catheter after surgery due to the small size of many of the trials and their poor or very poor reporting of results. We found that there was a greater risk of recatheterisation (removal of the catheter) if a catheter was not used after surgery. In six trials, a greater number of men had to have a cathetter placed in their urethra rather than a suprapubic catheter after surgery if they had surgery to open up the ureter. In 11 trials, fewer men had a urinary tract infection when a cathinger was removed earlier (for example 1 to 3 days) and there was no clear pattern in how long it took for it to return to normal size. There was no difference between groups in terms of the risk of re-catheterisation. There were no clear benefits or harms of clamp-and-release policies.
We found 10 studies (3340 adult and child/adolescents with mania that compared aripiprazole with placebo (dummy drug) or other medicines to treat mania. A high dropout rate from most trials (> 20% for each intervention in eight of the trials) may have had an impact on the results and may have led to imprecision in the results. The overall risk of bias was not high, but the quality of the evidence was low to high. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2015. Arizonazole was found to be an effective treatment for mania in a population that includes adults, children and adolescents, although its use leads to symptoms of mania, such as headache, dizziness, tiredness, and sleepiness. It caused more movement disorders than other medicines, with more people requiring treatment with anticholinergic drugs (such as lithium and haloperidol), and caused more people to have a prolactin (a protein in the blood that causes mania) level that fell below the lower limit of normal. It was not possible to draw conclusions about the effects of other medicines other than haloprofen and lithium, and so it is not clear whether or not arizonzaole should be used as an add-on to these medicines.
We found three RCTs and one CCT on the use of antibiotic lock in the treatment of CVC-related infections in children with cancer. We found no effect of urokinase or ethanol lock on the number of participants cured, the need for CVCs to be removed, the occurrence of further CVC infections, the time to the first negative blood culture, or the time until the first CVC was found, on the need to have a CVC taken out, or on the admission of a child to the ICU. No adverse events occurred in the five publications of cohort studies (one cohort was included in only one of the five studies assessing this outcome). CVC malfunctioning was reported in three out of five studies assessed this outcome. No trials were found on antibiotic lock treatment alone. More well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to further explore the effect of antibiotic or other lock treatments in the care of children with CVC infection.
We found 15 randomised, double-blind, quasi-randomised controlled trials (studies in which participants are assigned to one of two or more treatment groups using a random method) that looked at a wide range of interventions to help adults with neck pain caused by whiplash. We found that a short-term video on how to get the neck pain to go away by focusing on the patient's hands and feet (advice to 'listen to the pain' and 'feel the pain') was more helpful than no treatment for people with acute to chronic neck pain. However, the video did not reduce pain or the severity of neck pain at long-term follow-up. There is low- to very low-quality evidence that self-care strategies (e.g. self-help leaflets) may not be helpful for neck pain in the short term (i.e. for up to three months) or the long term (more than three months). Advice on stress-coping skills and workplace ergonomics did not help people cope with work-related neck pain, and there was no difference between groups in terms of how well they were able to cope with their work. There was low-to-very low-risk of bias in three of the 15 studies.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at the best ways of informing and supporting those at risk of CJD or vCJD. We did not find any RCTs that met our criteria, but we found 49 studies and pieces of literature that did. The results of the Cochrane review show that the best way to do this is to have a long-term, multi-layered programme of communication, in which notification and support are coordinated, communication is tailored to the need of the person concerned, and activities to support the person at risk are in place. The thematic synthesis shows that poor communication practices may cause harm, such as bias in accessing health care. However, there is not enough evidence to show that this is the best approach.
We found only one randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial (N = 304 randomised patients with RLS and a high dropout rate) that compared oxycodone and naloxone for 12 weeks. After 12 weeks, RSL symptoms had improved more in the drug group than in the placebo group. More patients in the treatment group were drug responders (i.e. those who improved more than those in the control group) and the number of remitters (patients whose symptoms did not improve at the end of the 12-week follow-up). Quality of life and sleep were better in the opioid group, as was sleep adequacy (the amount of sleep that a person can get at night), and sleep quantity (the number of hours that a patient can get a good night's sleep). There was no difference between groups for daytime somnolence (sleepiness during the night), sleepiness at night, or naps during the day. More adverse events were reported in the group treated with the drug. The major side effects were stomach upsets, tiredness, and headache. The evidence is up to date as of March 2014.
We found 15 trials, involving 1022 adults with these fractures, which were of the distal radius (distal radius is the radius from the top of the neck to the front of the body) of the radius (the radius of the wrist) and involved a wide range of patients. All of the trials were of high risk of bias and had weaknesses in the way they were carried out. There is some evidence to support the use of surgery to treat these fractures in adults. Although there is not enough evidence to show that surgery is better than immobilising the fracture with a plaster cast, it does reduce the risk of late collapse and malunion (collapsed bones that have not yet healed) compared with immobilisation in plaster cast. Most of the complications, such as pin-track infection, are minor and most of these could have been avoided if the surgery had been done with a different type of pin.
We found five studies (1127 patients) comparing early removal of ureteric stents with late removal of stents. It is uncertain whether there is a greater risk of MUC in the early removal group compared to the late removal group. The risk of UTI may be reduced in the earlier stent removal group, but this may not be the case if the stent was placed in the kidney by a stent that was inserted through a hole in the wall of the kidney (known as a peritoneal blockage (PU stent). It is not clear if there is an increase in MUC with the use of a PU stent. Data on health economics and quality of life were not available.
We found five studies that looked at three types of crowns and compared them with each other or with fillings. Four of the five studies compared crowns with fillens; two of them used PMCs fitted with the Hall Technique, which is a technique that is used to fit crowns to teeth, and there were no RCTs comparing crowns fitted using the Hall technique versus fillens. One of these included a third arm, which allowed the comparison of PMCs (fitted with the hall technique) with non-restorative caries treatment. In the other studies, all teeth had undergone pulpotomy prior to the crown being placed. The study in the third arm used a different type of crown: a stainless steel crown with white veneers. We found that crowns placed on primary molar teeth with carious lesions, or after pulp treatment, are likely to be less likely to fail or have pain in the long term compared to fillings, and may be less painful at the time of treatment. The risk of gingival bleeding (blood in the gums) was lower when crowns were used rather than fillens in the short term (less than 12 months) or long term (12 months or more), but we are not sure whether there is a difference in the risk of bleeding when using crowns or fillens, and we are uncertain about the long-term risk of pain and discomfort. The amount and quality of evidence for crowns when used to treat tooth decay is very low. There are no randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that have looked at the use of the Hall method to fit a crown to teeth.
We found 28 studies (involving 788 adults and children with cystic fibroids of both sexes) comparing PEP with other methods of airway clearance. These studies compared PEP to ACBT, autogenic drainage (AD), oral oscillating PEP devices, high-frequency chest wall oscillation (HFCWO) and BiPaP. We did not find any evidence that PEP was better than other techniques in terms of lung function, but did find that there was a reduction in the number of lung attacks (exacerbations) in the PEP group when used with a mask for at least one year compared to other techniques. There was limited evidence on side effects; these were measured in five studies, two of which found no events. In a study where infants performed either PEP or PDPV, there was some gastro-oesophageal reflux (flutter in the esophagus), this was more severe in the paediatric group. In PEP versus oscillation PEP, adverse events were reported in the flutter group (five patients complained of dizziness, which improved after further instructions on how to use the device). In one long-term high-quality study (107 adults) there was little or no difference in effect between PEP and other techniques for up to three months on forced expiratory volume in one second (the amount of air that can be passed through the airways in a person with CF), but there were more adverse events in the lower airways with PEP (high-certainty evidence). Many of the studies had a risk of bias as they did not report how the randomised people to one of the treatments or to the other. Most of the trials did not use a mask, and in 10 of the 28 studies people with CF had a preference for PEP. This was reported in 10 studies and in all studies with an intervention time of at least a month, this was in favour of PEP using a mask. The quality of evidence provided by this review is variable, but suggests that all techniques and treatments described may have a place in the treatment of CF.
We found four studies involving 1485 adults with a mean age of between 18 and 45 years of age. Most of the participants had Crohn's disease and were adults over 18 years old. The mean dose of CZP was 100 mg to 400 mg every 2 to 4 weeks and the dose of the drug was between 250 mg and 400 mg per day. One of the studies used a non-identical placebo (fake drug) and the other three used a placebo with the same dose as the active drug (100 mg per week). The mean time to the end of treatment was eight weeks in three of the four studies and six weeks in the fourth. All four of the trials were at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions due to play of chance) due to the use of a fake drug and one of the other two were at low risk of systematic error (ie, there was an overestimation of the true effect of the treatment). We found that participants treated with CZp were more than twice as likely to be in remission at week 8 compared to those treated with a placebo. The risk of being in remission was 26.9% (225/835) and 19.8% (129/650) in the placebo groups, and 40.2% (336) (336 to 835) (with a mean of 30.9%) in the active CD group. Serious adverse events (side effects) occurred in 8.7% (73 out of 835 and 6.2 out of 650) and were similar in the two groups (8% to 6% in both groups, with a risk of 6% to 8% in each group, with an effect of 6%) and were not seen in the other way around in the included in the analyses. Serious side effects were reported in 8 out of 100 (73%) and 6 out of 50 (both with a range of 0% to 10%) of participants in the treatment groups and in the control groups. It is uncertain whether the risk of serious adverse events differs in participants who are treated with the active drugs or placebo as the 95% CI (range 1% to 95%) of events was too wide for us to be able to tell. Overall, the quality of the evidence was rated as moderate due to imprecision due to limitations in the design of the one study that used a fake medicine and the fact that it was not identical to the real medicine.
We found 112 randomised, quasi-randomised, and quasi-experimental controlled trials (RCTs) that met our criteria. Of these, 31 RCTs (23,762 participants) with data on CKD patients met our requirements for our review. The risk of bias in all 112 trials was high or unclear, and the risk of systematic errors (ie, there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way that the studies were done) was often high or very low. In total, 26 studies (19,612 participants) reported on at least one outcome of interest for our meta-analysis. In acute heart failure, the effects of adenosine A1-receptors, dopamine, nesiritide, or serelaxin on death, hospitalisations, worsening heart failure or kidney function, low blood pressure, and quality of life were uncertain due to lack of data or were not reported. In the subgroup of CKD subgroup, angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACEi) or angiotENSin receptor blockers (ARB) had uncertain effects on death (any cause), aldosterone antagonists, and vasopressin receptors. Treatment with beta-blockers may decrease the number of people who die from any cause compared to no treatment, and treatment with ACEi or ARB may reduce the need for hospitalisation for heart failure. We were not able to assess the risks of hyperkalaemia due to the paucity of studies. We found that treatment with aldrogens may lead to an increased risk of high blood pressure compared to placebo or no treatment. We also found that patients who received sinus node inhibitors may be at a greater risk of low blood pressures compared to those who did not receive treatment. The effects of anti-arrhythmic agents, digoxin, phosphodiesterase inhibitors, renin inhibitors, sinus nodes inhibitors, vasodilators, and venopressins were not clear due to a lack of evidence. The evidence is up to date as of March 2018. The quality of evidence was low to very low for all outcomes. The main reasons for this were the lack of precision and imprecision of results.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1945 women. The trials compared the use of tocodynamometrics (where a machine is placed in the mother's womb to measure the health of the uterus and blood vessels) with other types of monitoring (such as ultrasound, forceps or forceps). The women were followed for at least 24 hours from the start of the trial to the end of the follow-up period. The studies did not show that one method was better or worse than the other for any of the outcomes for the mother or her baby. There was no difference in the risk of a caesarean section, ventouse and forceps extraction, or admission to hospital for more than 48 hours. Hyperstimulation was reported in two studies (n = 489) but there was no evidence of a difference between the groups. Overall, risk of bias across the three trials was mixed. No babies were born with low Apgar score less than seven at five minutes, umbilical artery pH less than 7.15, cord blood pressure less than 8.0 mmHg, and admission to the neonatal intensive care unit. The pooled risk for instrumental delivery (including caesaran surgery and ventouse extraction) was not different between the two groups. No deaths of the baby or the mother were reported in the trials and no neonatal or maternal deaths occurred.
We found that there is not a lot of evidence to assess the effect of exercise in people with CVI. We found only a small number of randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and they were all at high risk of bias, which means that we were not able to be sure that their methods were as good as they could be. Also, we could not tell whether or not there were any serious side effects of exercise. We are not sure if there is any difference in the number of venous leg ulcers, incidence of surgery to treat symptoms related to CVI or in the amount of time it takes for the blood to return to the leg after an episode of CVI (venous refilling time). We are uncertain about the impact of exercise on quality of life or range of motion due to the lack of information in the RCTs. We judged the quality of the evidence to be very low. There is a need for more research in this area.
In this Cochrane Review, the aim was to assess the effectiveness and safety of the HA class of products in the treatment of knee OA of the knee. Fifty-six randomised, double-blind, quasi-randomised and quasi-blinded (R-R) controlled trials were included in the review. Forty-eight of these trials compared hyaluronan/hylan with a 'placebo' treatment (saline or arthrocentesis) and compared this to a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAIDs) or to a corticosteroid (intra-articular (IA) corticostimulant) drug. Ten of the trials were of intra-articoid drugs (IA corticopressors), six were of nonsteroid drugs, three were of other types of drugs, and the other 15 were of different types of products. The length of follow-up varied from one day after the day of the last injection to 18 months after the end of the trial. The results of the analyses showed that viscosupplements were as good as or better than other forms of treatment for OA and were as effective at the 5 to 13 week post injection time point (ranging from 28 to 54% for pain and 9 to 32% for function) as well as in the longer term (18 months or more) for pain, function and global assessment. In some of the comparisons, the HA products had more long-term effects than the IA corticogenic drugs (i.e. longer than six months). There were few adverse events in the HA group of products and no major adverse events were found in the 40-year-old studies. However, there are few randomised head-to-head comparisons of the effects of the different visosupplements and readers should be cautious, therefore, in drawing conclusions about the relative value of different products. It is of note that the magnitude of the effect, as expressed by the RevMan 4.2 output, is not the same for all the different products, comparisons, timepoints, variables and trial designs. Overall, the analyses performed are positive for the HA and HA-type products and, in some cases, positive for some of them, such as pain on weight bearing at some timepoints. In general, sample-size restrictions preclude any definitive comment on the risk of serious adverse events.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 4052 participants. Four RCTs (1881 participants) compared misoprostol with a placebo (fake medicine) given in addition to the uterotonics. The trials did not find that giving the drug to women who had been on uterotonic drugs did not help them to respond to uterotomy. Women who received oxytocin were more likely to have a blood loss of at least 1000 mL with the use of this drug compared with those who did not, and the risk of death or the need for a hysterectomy was the same in both groups. The risk of side effects of the drug, such as shivering and vomiting, increased with the dose of 600 to 1000 mcg. The role of tranexamic acid and other drugs and techniques for the treatment of uterotomies and/or haemostatics is not yet known. We did not identify any trials that looked at surgery for women who were not able to be treated with uterotone drugs or other drugs. We found no trials that assessed the effects of other drugs or methods for the management of women who are unable to be helped with uterotonic treatment. The included trials were too few to be able to assess the impact of these treatments on the outcomes we were looking for.
We found six RCTs that compared short-term N-acetylcysteine supplementation of cysteine-free PN in preterm preterm infants. Five of these trials were conducted in the USA, one in the UK, and one in Brazil. The trials showed that the use of N- acetylcyteine did not reduce the risk of death by 36 postmenstrual weeks, bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD), death or BPD, retinopathy of prematurity (ROP), severe ROP, necrotizing enterocolitis requiring surgery, periventricular leukomalacia (pulmonary haemorrhage), intraventricular hemorrhage (IVH), or severe IVH. Nitrogen was maintained in the blood by the administration of low-level cysteines (31 mg/kg/day, 95 preterm babies, including 73 preterm newborns). There was no evidence of any adverse events in the studies.
We found 77 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 6287 people with NAFLD. Forty-one RCTs (3829 participants) were at low risk of bias (i.e. there was a low chance of arriving at wrong conclusions because of the way that the trial was run) and all other trials were at high risk of systematic error (ie, there was potential to arrive at the wrong results because of play of chance). Thirty-five of the 77 trials were of non-alcohol related steatohepatitis (NASH) (based on biopsies of the liver) and the other five were of diabetes mellitus. The follow-up in the trials ranged from one month to 24 months. Antioxidants and thiazolidinediones were not shown to reduce the risk of death or the occurrence of serious adverse events. Bile acids and bile acids did not cause harm. Thiazolidine (a type of amino acid) was not found to cause harm, nor was thiazolic acid. Source of funding Twenty-six of the trials were partially- or fully-funded by the drug companies that would benefit, based on the results of the trial. Twelve trials did not receive any additional funding or were funded by parties with no vested interest in the results. The source of funding was not provided in 39 trials. Due to the very low quality of the evidence, we are very uncertain about the effectiveness of drugs for the treatment of NAFLd, and we are uncertain about whether drugs can be used in the long-term. Further well-planned, large-scale, well-designed, and well-conducted trials are necessary.
We found 15 randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, cross-over studies of 1282 participants with MCI. Of these, 1172 had data that we could use in our analysis. We found that the CSF t-tau test may be better than the other CSF tests at identifying Alzheimer’s disease as the cause of cognitive impairment. It may also be better at finding out whether or not an individual has Alzheimer's disease. The accuracy of these tests for ‘other dementias’ had not been assessed in the studies we looked at, so we could not draw any conclusions about their use in this area. We also looked at the accuracy of CSF testing for other forms of dementia, but we did not find any studies that looked at these tests. We concluded that these tests might be useful in the early stages of the disease, when there is a high risk of misdiagnosis and over-diagnosis of dementia. However, we are not sure that they are as good as the other tests we have looked at. We are uncertain about the use of CSFs for the diagnosis of Alzheimer's and other types of dementia due to the lack of good-quality research to date.
We found three RCTs (RCTs: a type of study in which a group of people are put into one of two or more treatment groups at a time) with a total of 170 adult men. All of the men were male and were undergoing surgery to remove the prostate from the prostate using a robot. The men were aged 50 to 75 years of age and were between 50 and 75 years old. We found that the use of propofol (tricyclic intravenous anaesthetics) in the short term (one to six hours after surgery) did not reduce postoperative pain when compared with inhalation of sevoflurane and desflurane. Propofol may prevent an increase in eye pressure (pressure in the eye) after surgery using a technique known as'steep Trendelenburg' (where the surgery is performed on the top of the head). However, it is not clear whether avoiding eye pressure in the first 30 to 60 minutes after surgery with this technique translates directly to a reduced risk of eye problems. No studies addressed the secondary outcomes of adverse events, all-cause deaths, lung and circulatory problems, brain problems, cognitive problems, length of time spent in hospital or costs. Overall the quality of evidence was low to very low, as all studies were small, single-centre trials and the methods were not described in a way that we could understand. It is unclear which anaesthetic technique is better - TIVA or inhalation - for transabdomineal robotic surgery in urology, gynaecology and gastroenterology, as the existing evidence is scarce, is of low quality and has been generated from only male patients. An ongoing trial, which includes both men and women, might have an impact on future evidence on this topic.
We found 14 randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, cross-over studies (RCTs) with 1,601,515 women who were followed-up for at least 12 months. Most studies found no evidence that the use of corticosteroids of all potencies was related to the risk of low birth weight, preterm birth, congenital abnormalities, orofacial cleft or cleft palate and hypospadias (where the urethral opening is on the underside of the penis), or death of the baby. However, there was a decreased risk of foetal death in the group of women who used mild to moderate corticostimulants, but we did not find this effect in the subgroup of mothers who used potent to very potent corticopressors. Three of the included RCTs showed that there was an increase in the number of newborns with low birth weights in women who had been given a high dose of either mild or a low dose of topical steroids. We used the Grades of Recommendation, Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) method to rate the quality of the evidence. We found that the evidence was of low or very low quality for all of the outcomes, and that we could not be sure that the effect was due to the way the studies were done. We rated the evidence as low to very low in quality because of imprecision in the estimate of effect for the outcomes and inconsistency in the numbers of babies that died before or soon after birth.
We found four RCTs that met the inclusion criteria of this review. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, India, and South Africa. The largest trial was the Steroids for Corneal Ulcers Trial (SCUT), which had 611 patients. The other three trials had follow-up times ranging from one month to one year. One of the three smaller trials was a pilot study of the largest trial, and the other three were from the same group as the SCUT. The total number of participants in the trials was 611 (612 eyes), ranging from 30 to 500 participants per trial. All trials compared the treatment of bacterial keratitis with topical corticosteroid and no corticostoid and had a duration of treatment of at least one month. The trial in the pilot trial found that the time to re-epithelialization (the growth of new epithelium in the cornea) was 53% faster in the steroid group than in the control group. However, the trial did not find any differences between the two groups in the time taken for the corneal ulcers to heal. For adverse events, none of the trials found any differences in the number of adverse events between the treatment groups. The study in the largest study reported that more patients in the treatment group had an increased risk of IOP (eye ulcers) and one of the other trials reported quality of life. We did not found any reports on the cost of the treatments. Although the four trials were generally of good methodological design, all were too small and had too few patients to detect a difference between the groups. Further, three of the four studies were too few to be able to show that there was a difference in treatment effects between groups. There is not enough good-sized, well-conducted, randomised, and well-designed randomised trials to know whether the use of corticotrophics is beneficial or not.
We found four RCTs with a total of 450 adults with ischaemic stroke of any cause. Three of the trials compared percutaneous interventions with the use of intravenous thrombolytic drugs (drugs that are passed through a vein and bypass the blockage of blood flow to the brain), and the fourth trial compared intravenous treatment with percutaneously injected blood. We found no difference between the groups in terms of the number of people who had a good quality of life, but at the end of follow-up there was an increase in the risk of death in those who had had a stroke that was not caused by blood clots in the brain. There was no difference in the proportion of patients who had symptomatic intracranial haemorrhages (blood in the blood vessels of the brain) between the intervention and the control group. We rated the quality of evidence from the four trials using four levels: very low, low, high, or high. Very low-quality evidence means that we are very uncertain about the accuracy of the results. High-quality research is needed to answer this question.
We included in the review one study with a total of 120 families and 143 children aged from five to 18 years of age. The study compared centre-based day care with no day care (care at home) for children from low-income families in high-income countries. There was a high risk of bias, as 63% of children in the control group had access to day care services that were not part of the day care provided within the intervention. The evidence is up to date as of March 2015. No evidence was found that centre- based day care, rather than no care, improved or worsened children's cognitive or psychosocial development, employment of parents, or household income above £200 per week. This study did not report on long-term outcomes for children (high-school completion or income).
The aim of this review was to determine the best histogram to use to assess the extent of healing in patients with ulcerative colitis. The objective was to find out which histogram is the best to use. We found that 11 of the 30 scoring indices have undergone some form of testing. The Nancy Index and the Robarts Histopathology Index have undergone the most testing in that they have been tested for the most aspects of their function. None of the other currently available histologic scores have been fully tested. In order to find the best score, more research is needed.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing the use of nail versus plate surgery in 213 adults with these fractures in the distal tibial metaphyseal fracture in the heel of the foot. The age of participants ranged from 41 to 44 years. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2015. The three included trials were at high risk of bias, which means that we are uncertain about the accuracy of the results. The pooled results of the trials showed that there may be a benefit from nail surgery in terms of function and pain, but that there was no difference in the need for re-operations or risk of adverse events between the groups. There was no clear advantage of nailing over plate surgery, but there was a possibility of a benefit after plate surgery. There were no trials comparing surgery with non-surgical treatment. The quality of evidence was rated as very low for all outcomes. There is either no or very low evidence to draw any conclusions about the best type of surgery or the best surgery for this type of fracture in adults. The available evidence, which is of very low quality, found no differences in function or pain, and did not confirm a difference between nail and plate surgery between the two groups.
We found 11 studies involving a total of 38,742 people with stroke or TIA. Eight studies (35,110 people) compared BPLDs with no treatment (placebo or no treatment), and three studies (3632 people) looked at a systolic blood pressure target. The risk of bias in the trials ranged from low to high. The pooled risk ratio (RR) of BPLD for recurrent stroke was 0.81 (95% CI 0.70 to 0.93; 8 RCTs; 35,110 patients). The pooled RR of intensive blood pressure-lowering for the risk of recurrence of a stroke was 1.80, and the pooled RR for major stroke event 0.58. We found that participants who used an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor or a diuretic were at a lower risk of having a new stroke than those who did not use these drugs. The evidence is up to date as of March 2016. The quality of evidence was rated as high for all outcomes.
We found four small, short-term trials (4 to 26 weeks) comparing B-sitosteryl-B-D-glucoside (B-sitosterol) with placebo. Three of the four trials used a non-glukosidic form of the drug and one used a form that contained 100% B-staining acid. B-Sitosterols improved urinary symptoms and urine flow and did not reduce prostate size compared to placebo. Withdrawal rates for men treated with B- sitosterol and placebo were 7.8% and 8.0%, respectively. The long-term effects of these drugs are not known.
We found 26 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing salmeterol to placebo (fake medicine) and eight RCTs comparing salmetamol to salbutamol (a corticosteroid). These included 62,815 adults and 2,599 children. The risk of death from any cause was not greater with salmetemol than with placebo, but there was an increase in the risk of non-fatal (where the cause of death was not known) and fatal (where death was caused by a cause other than an asthma attack) side-effects of salmetomol compared with placebo. There was an increased risk of serious side-side-effects with the use of inhaled corticostoids in patients who were not on inhaled steroids compared to those who were taking inhaled steroid drugs. There is not enough evidence to assess whether the risk in children is higher or lower than in adults.
This is an update of a Cochrane review that was first published in 2004. In this update, we found that there is no evidence from randomised controlled trials that postnatal treatment with L-triiodothyronine (L-thyroxine 50 μg/day) reduced the risk of death in preterm infants with RDS. However, there is a need for further research in this area.
We found 38 RCTs with a total of 1828 participants. Eight trials had a low risk of bias in the assessment of the risk of death. All the other trials had high risks of bias. We found that the use of non-absorbable disaccharides in the treatment of hepatocellular encephalopathy may be related to a reduction in the number of people who died compared with those who received a placebo or no intervention. We also found that there was a beneficial effect on the severity of hepatic encephalitis when we combined the results from all the RCTS with extractable data (24 trials; 1487 adults) and in the eight trials with a low-risk of bias (705 adults). When we pooled the data from the eight studies, the results showed that the treatment did not seem to cause harm compared with placebo/no intervention. However, when we did not have the data, we found that it may have caused harm. We were not able to draw conclusions about the effect of the treatment on quality of life because the data were not large enough to be able to include in an overall meta-analysis (very low quality evidence). We found no differences between lactulose and lactitol for the remaining outcomes. The evidence is up to date as of March 2017.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in adults and children (aged 18 years and above) who received a kidney transplantation for any cause. We found 65 RCTs (involving 3598 participants) that met our inclusion criteria. Treatments included bisphosphonate drugs, vitamin D compounds, teriparatide, denosumab, cinacalcet, parathyroid surgery, and calcitonin. The average age of participants ranged from 11 years to 18 years. Most of the studies were conducted in adults, but a few studies included only children and young adults. The length of follow-up ranged from three weeks to 12 months. The studies were not designed to measure treatment effects on the risk of death from any cause, heart attack, stroke, myocardial infarction, heart failure, or graft loss. Compared to a dummy drug (placebo) that did not have any effect on bone disease, surgery, or death, surgery-free graft loss was lower in patients who had received a transplanted kidney from a donor. It was uncertain whether any other drug class had an effect on graft loss (low or very low certainty evidence). It was unclear whether any drug group had an impact on death, heart problems, or loss of the transplants' bone. Bone disease may be caused by a wide range of causes, with the most well-known of these being heart problems and stroke and heart failure. It is not known whether any one drug group is more or less likely to cause graft loss than any other. Bone treatment may reduce fracture and bone pain in children and adults who have had a kidney transplanted from a non-sclerotic donor. The risk of bone pain may be less than half that of the risk for patients who have received a transplant from a kidney donor. Bone pain is a chronic, long-term problem that can last for a long time after kidney transplants. The effects of bone treatment for children and adolescents after a kidney surgery are uncertain. Risks of bias were high or unclear, leading to less certainty in the results. A one-centre randomised, double-blind, quasi-randomised, placebo-controlled, and quasi-transplantation-free study of 60 participants (outcomes only) reported outcomes for all but one of the treatments (bisphosphosphonates) reported for all patients in this review. The evidence is up-to-date as of February 2019.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 317 participants. Three of the four trials studied the use of magnesium in the control group (medicines ranged from 12.5 to 20.5 mmol/day). One of the trials (16.24 mEq q6h for 24 hours) used parenteral magnesium. Each of the studies had a high risk of bias in at least one aspect of the way it was carried out. We found no study that measured all of the outcomes that we set out to measure. Only one of the RCTs measured the clinical symptoms of seizure, delirium tremens or components of the CIWA (Cochrane Withdrawal Assessment for Alcohol (CIWA) score. The other three trials measured handgrip strength, which is a measure of the strength of the grip used by the patient to hold a drink in a cup. There was no clear benefit or harm of magnesium for the treatment or prevention of alcohol withdrawal syndrome. There is not enough evidence to make any conclusions.
We found 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 3057 people with acute rhinosinusitis. Ten of the 15 RCTs appeared in our 2012 review, and five (631 people) are from our 2012 update. No new studies were included from searches for this update. Overall, the risk of bias was low. Antibiotics can shorten time to cure, but only 5 to 11 more people per 100 will be cured faster if they are treated with antibiotics instead of placebo or no treatment. About 5% of people will not be cured by the end of one week if they do not receive antibiotics, and about 5% if they have a brain abscess. The risk of side effects (such as fever, headache, and rash) is the same whether or not antibiotics are used. We could not draw conclusions about children, people with suppressed immune systems, and those with more severe sinusitis, because these populations were not included in the available trials. The quality of the evidence was high for all outcomes, except for the number of people who were cured, which ranged from 5% to 64% after 14 days. A disease-related complication (brain abscess) occurred in one patient (out of 3057) one week after receiving open (antibiotic-free) therapy (control group), but the risk was very low.
We found eight RCTs (enrolling 2515 patients) comparing D2 to D1 lymphadenectomy in patients with tumour of the stomach who had a tumour that had spread to other parts of the body. Three trials (all from the USA and one from the UK) compared D3 with D2 lymphaden surgery and found no difference in OS and DFS between these types of surgery. Data for DFS were available from one trial and for no trial were DSS data available. Five trials (involving 5 European and 2 Asian patients) found no differences between D2 and D1 surgery in terms of OS or DFS, but D2 surgery was found to be associated with a significantly better DSS than D1, with an increased risk of dying after the surgery. The quality of the evidence was moderate.
This review found that naltrexone was no better than placebo or no medication in terms of the number of people who were re-incarcerated (re-arrested for any reason) during the study period. When compared with other drugs that are used to treat opioid dependence, such as benzodiazepine and buprenorphine, no difference was found. The number of patients who were still in treatment after the end of treatment was low (28%) and there were too few studies to be able to draw any conclusions about the long-term effectiveness of this treatment.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) on the use of fluids to improve the amount of fluid that can be swallowed in the mouth in adults with dementia. We found two RCTs, both of which were part of the same large multicentre trial. Both were from the UK and both were carried out in the same centre in the Netherlands. The first was a cross-over (cross-over means that both the treatments are given at the same time) randomised, double-blind trial and compared the effect of two viscosities of fluids (nectar thick and honey thick) and a chin down head posture (shoulder to chin up posture) in 351 people with dementia during videofluoroscopy. Regular liquids with a chin up head posture, as well as regular liquids with no intervention, were also compared. The second was a parallel-design RCT (a type of RCT in which both the treatment and the control group are treated in a way that is not controlled for chance) and involved 260 people with a total of three months of treatment. Both trials compared honey thick liquids with nectar thick liquids and regular liquids without any intervention. There were no deaths classified as 'definitely related' to the type of fluids prescribed. Neither of the studies addressed quality of life. We are uncertain about the immediate and long-term effects of changing the consistency of fluids for the treatment of swallowing problems in dementia as too few studies have been done. There may be differences in outcomes depending on the grade of thickness of fluids and the sequence of interventions trialled in videoscopy for people with Alzheimer's disease. Honey thick liquids, which are more consistent with descriptors for'spoon thick' or'very thick' fluids, showed a more positive impact on the elimination of aspiration of fluid from the mouth during video fluoscopy, but this consistency showed more adverse effects in the follow-up study. In the first three-month-long RCT, there were a greater number of episodes of pneumonia in the honey thick fluids group than in the nectars thick liquids group or the regular liquids group. The quality of evidence is low. The risk of bias for both studies is high. Clinicians should be aware that while thickened fluids may have an short-term benefit on the amount that people can eat and drink, the long term impact of thickened fluid on the health of the person with dementia should be considered. Further high-quality trials are required.
We found six randomised trials with a total of 788 women. The largest of these trials included 396 women eligible for this review. The evidence is up to date as of July 2013. No evidence of a difference was found in rates of live birth rates between IVF and IVF in women with a live birth rate of 53% or more. For a woman with a 53% chance of livebirth with IVF, the chance using IVF would range from 34% to 53%. However, there was no difference between the groups for rates of OHSS, OHSS and clinical pregnancy. There was no data to draw any conclusions about rates of treatment cancellation. One trial found that the number of eggs retrieved from the ovary was lower in the IVF group. One of the largest trials has not yet completed follow up, though data have been reported for over 95% of women. Findings on treatment costs were inconsistent and more data are awaited. The quality of evidence was limited by imprecision.
We included a total of 984 people with COPD aged from 10 to 206 years of age, and mean age ranged from 61 to 74 years. Programmes lasted for six weeks to one year. We included only those involved in Tai Chi and the control group (i.e. the group that did not take part in the Tai Chi programme) in the analysis. We found that Tai Chi may improve lung function and lung function was found to be improved in the six-minute walk distance and forced expiratory volume in one second in the post-programme data for Tai Chi compared with usual care. However, the effects of Tai Chi in reducing dyspnoea (shortness of breath) and quality of life were not found. No adverse events were reported. When Tai Chi was added to other interventions (e.g. breathing exercise or exercise) compared with other interventions, Tai Chi did not show superiority and showed no benefit on symptom improvement nor on improvement in symptoms nor on physical and psychosocial function. No side effects were found in the studies. Tai Chi is safe to practise in the short-term and long-term in COPD. With the diverse style and number of forms being used in the trials, it is not clear which Tai Chi style and form is best in practice.
We found 72 trials that involved 2470 people with stroke who had been in hospital for at least six months. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. This is an update of a review that was first published in 2010. This review includes 35 new trials that were added to the 35 that we found in the first version of this review. We found that the use of a computer program to play games on the upper limb (e.g. video games) did not improve the function of the arm in terms of strength, range of movement, or quality of life. However, when the computer program was used in addition to the usual care (providing a higher dose of therapy for those in the intervention group) there was a benefit in improving upper limb function and activities of daily living function when used as an add-on to the standard care. There was not enough evidence to reach a conclusion about the effect of the intervention on gait speed, balance, or participation in daily life. There were few adverse events and those that were reported were generally mild. There is a trend that higher dose (more than 15 hours of total intervention) was better than usual care, as were customised video games, but these findings were not found to be significant. The risk of bias present in many of the studies was unclear due to poor reporting. Thus, while there are a large number of randomised controlled trials, the quality of evidence was low.
We found five RCTs (1330 adults and children) that compared fluoroquinolones with either ethambutol or isoniazid in the first-line treatment for drug-sensitive TB. Three trials (723 adults and 723 children) found that the addition of fluoroxacin to the first line of treatment did not reduce the risk of death or relapse from TB. For death, sputum conversion, and adverse events we do not know if there was an effect (very low to low risk of bias). There is not enough evidence to be clear whether the use of fluoquinolone drugs to add to the drugs used for treating TB in people who are not drug-resistant to drug treatment has an effect on death or relapsing from TB, or on the rate of re-infection at eight weeks. There is also no evidence that the treatment effect of adding a new drug to the drug treatment is different from that of the first drug to treat TB in those who are drug- resistant to drug treatments. Much larger, short course (four months or less) trials are currently in progress.
