This review found that children and their carers who are educated about asthma can reduce the number of times they need to go to hospital for an asthma flare-up compared with those who do not receive this type of education. There is not enough evidence to say whether this has a long-term effect on other markers of asthma illness such as quality of life, symptoms and lung function.
We found 130 randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, and quasi-blinded studies of ketamine in 8341 adults who had had surgery for any type of surgery. We found that ketamine given to 4588 adults before surgery reduced pain at rest and pain during movement by 5 points on a 100-point scale at 24 hours and 5 points at 48 hours after surgery, and reduced pain by 22 points at 24 and 48 hours, and pain by 6 points during movement, and by 16 points after surgery. Ketamine also reduced the amount of painkillers (morphine-like painkillers) that were consumed over 24 hours by 8 mg and 13 mg, and the need for painkillers by 13 mg over 48 hours. About 5 in 10 (55%) of those who received ketamine and 4 in 100 (32%) of the people who did not had ketamine had a side effect. Overall, 187 out of 3614 (5%) of people who had surgery and 122 out of 2924 (4%) of participants who had no surgery had at least one side effect from ketamine. The risk of having a stroke was similar in the ketamine group and the control group, and there was no difference in the risk of stroke in the two groups. About 1 in 20 (11%) of patients who had a stroke with ketamine compared with about 1 in 30 (7%) with placebo. The time for the first analgesic request was increased from 37 to 71 minutes after surgery to a mean of 39 minutes after giving the analgesic. The area of postoperative pain was reduced by 7 cm² (range −11.9 to −2.2 cm²) when ketamine was used compared with no painkillers. About 2 in 10 people had a hyperalgesia (an area on the top of the head where the pain is worse than or worse than the other side of the body) after taking ketamine, compared with 1 in 10 with placebo (range 0.95 to 1.4 cm² to 7 in 100 mm²). About 3 in 10 had a hypoxaemia (fluid in the blood) after the surgery, which is thought to be caused by the lack of oxygen in the brain due to lack of blood flow to the brain, which can cause a drop in blood pressure. About 4 in 10 patients had a high fever after ketamine treatment, which was similar to that experienced after surgery in both groups in the control groups. The overall risk of developing a fever was about the same for both groups. There was no evidence that nitrous oxide (a drug that is used to relax the body’s blood pressure) was more likely to cause a stroke in people receiving ketamine than for those not receiving it. The quality of evidence was high for most of the main outcomes. We downgraded the quality of the evidence once if numbers of participants were large but small-study effects were found, or twice if there was a risk of bias due to the small size of the studies.
This review found that the MSP/RESA (combination B) vaccine reduced the number of episodes of malaria in children who had not been pretreated with an antimalarials drug (sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine) but not in those who had been pretreated with antimalaria drugs. However, the effect of the vaccine was based on a specific type of MSP2 parasite (MSP2 variant 2) and not on the other main subtype (FC27) of this type of parasite. There was no difference in the numbers of children with malaria with or with the other subtype.
We found four randomised studies, with a total of 125 participants, that looked at the effectiveness of electromagnetic field stimulation in the treatment of delayed union and non-union of the long bones in people with a long bone fracture of the tibia (shin bone) or femur. Three of the studies used pulsed electromagnetic fields and one used a type of field known as a 'coupled' field. All of the participants were adults, and most of them had a tibia that was not joined to the bone at the top of the bone (non-union). Each of the four studies had limitations in the way it was designed and run. There was no reduction in pain found in any of the trials. No study looked at whether people had more or less pain at the end of treatment. One study found that there were no side-effects. One of the included trials found that people who had electromagnetic field treatment had less pain than those who did not receive treatment. There were no reports of any side-effect of the treatment. The results of this review are not strong and need to be viewed with caution. Further well-designed, well-conducted randomised controlled trials are needed to answer this question.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing drain versus no drain in a total of 1831 adults who had had laparoscopical cholecystopoeia. Nine of the 12 RCTs were of high risk of bias (low risk of play of chance) and the other six were of low risk of systematic error (low chance of arriving at wrong conclusions because of the way that the trial was run). The average age of participants in the trials ranged from 48 years and 63 years in the 10 trials that provided this information. The number of females ranged from 55.0% and 79.0%. There was no difference between the drain group and the 'no drain' group in short-term mortality (deaths in the first 24 hours after surgery) or in the percentage of patients who died after the surgery. There was also no difference in the risk of death in the hospital between the two groups in the time from the time of surgery to the time that the patients were discharged from the hospital. The length of time that patients spent in hospital was similar in both groups in five of the included trials. The operating time was longer in patients who had drain surgery than in those who had no drain surgery in one of the trials, and the time taken for patients to return to normal activity and to go back to work was the same between the groups in one trial. The quality of life of people in the drain and no drain groups was no greater or worse than that of those in the no drain group in the same study. The percentage of people who were discharged as day-procedure laparopoietic surgery seemed to be similar in the groups. There is currently no evidence to support the routine use of drain after laparoscopic cholecoplasty.
We found 39 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 3639 participants. All trials were conducted and published in China. Thirty-eight different herbal medicines were tested in these trials, including four single herbs (extracts from a single herb), eight traditional Chinese patent medicines, and 26 self concocted Chinese herbal compound prescriptions. The trials reported on global symptom improvement (including improvement in numbness or pain) and changes in the speed of blood flow to the affected part of the body. There was no evidence to show that any of the herbal medicines used in the trials were effective in reducing the symptoms of diabetic peripheral neuropathy. Eighteen of the trials found no adverse events, and the other 29 trials did not mention whether they monitored adverse events. Based on this review, there is not enough evidence to support the use of Chinese herbal medicines for treating this type of disease in adults. No well-designed, randomised, placebo controlled trial with objective outcome measures has been conducted. Most of the studies were of very low quality and the interpretation of any results for the efficacy of the included herbal medicines should be made with caution. Conclusions cannot be drawn from this review about the safety of herbal medicines, due to lack of reporting.
We found five RCTs comparing IAS to CAS in a total of 1382 men with prostate cancer aged over 40 years of age. All the studies were of short duration (less than three years). Few events were reported and did not assess the effect of IAS on the time to death from prostate cancer or the risk of metastasis to other parts of the body (metastasis). Only one study (77 men) compared IAS with CAS and found that IAS was as good as CAS in terms of potency (the amount of prostate cancer cells that can be removed with IAS and CAS) but had a lower risk of impotence in IAS patients. There were no data for the effects of either IAS or CAS on the length of time patients lived. One trial (43 men) found no difference in side effects (gastrointestinal, gynecomastia and asthenia) between IAS ( two events) and CAS (five events), with the main side effect in the IAS group (impotence) being significantly less than in the CAS group (5 events). Overall, IAS appeared to be as effective as CAS for potency, but was superior during the interval of cycles (96%).
We found 12 trials with a total of 7,119 women. Five of the 12 trials compared the use of an IUD with either immediate or delayed insertion of IUD. One of them showed that the IUD that was compared to the one that was delayed was the Copper 7, which had a higher risk of expulsion than the other two IUDs. However, the risk of pregnancy was less for the Lippes Loop IUD and the other IUD was less likely for the TCu 220C. The other three trials showed that IUD use was higher immediately after an abortion than after a delay of at least six months. The evidence is up to date as of March 2015. The quality of evidence was moderate for the use and use of the levonorgestrel IUD or the Nova T IUD, and was downgraded to low for the other comparisons due to risk of bias.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at the effectiveness of meditation in patients with blood cancers. We found only one RCT with a total of 42 participants. The RCT was not large and had a high risk of bias, so we were not able to draw any conclusions from it. The one included RCT did not provide any information about the age or sex of the patients. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. There was not a lot of information on the quality of life of patients in the meditation group compared to those in the 'usual care' group (low quality of evidence). There was some improvement in levels of depression for those who practised meditation in both the'spiritual-framed' group and the'secularly-focused' group, but there was no change in depression levels in the control group. We did not find any evidence on the effect of meditation practice on the risk of death, fatigue, anxiety, quality of sleep and side effects, as these outcomes were not assessed in the RCT. The quality of the evidence was very low due to the lack of data and the small size of the study. More high quality RCTs are needed.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 110 healthy children who had been in contact with a case of varicella and received PEP or placebo (or no vaccine) or both. We found no RCTs for adolescents or adults. Overall, 13 out of 56 (23%) of the children who received the PEP vaccine (vaccine administered within three days post-exposure to the case) and 42 out of 54 (78%) of those who did not receive the vaccine (placebo or no vaccination) had a mild (less than 50 skin lesions) form of the disease. In the three trials, most of the participants had PEP given within the first three days after the case was found. However, too few participants were vaccinated four to five days after exposure for us to be able to assess whether or not the vaccine was more than three days in the long term. We did not find any information about side effects of the vaccine.
We included 12 RCTs, with 4704 participants, in this review. All the trials were at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions due to play of chance) and all were at risk of systematic error (ie, there was potential to miss results because of the way that the trial was run). Eleven of the 12 trials compared the use of prophylactics (antibiotics to reduce the risk of MRSA infection) with no treatment. In the 15 comparisons that compared one treatment with the other, there were no differences in the number of people who developed MRSA infections. The risk of death from any cause was 1.0% in four of the trials that reported deaths. There were no deaths due to any cause in any of the 561 people randomised to the antibiotics in the other four trials. None of the studies reported quality of life, the length of time spent in hospital, or the amount of money spent on healthcare. In one of the included trials, people who were not malignant or who were allergic to penicillin received co-amoxiclav (or cefotaxime if they were malignant) compared with those who were. In this trial, 5.5% of the participants had MRSA in their nose and 1% in their chest. There was no difference between the groups in terms of risk of developing MRSA at any other body site. There is currently no other evidence to suggest that using a combination of antibiotics or a higher than one or more is of benefit to people undergoing surgery.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared planned home care with care at home for PPROM in mothers and babies. We found two RCTs (116 women) that were too small to be able to make any firm conclusions about whether home care was better or worse than care in the long term for any of the outcomes that we were concerned about. There was no difference in the risk of death of the baby between the groups in one trial and there was no evidence that there was a difference between the numbers of women who died in either group in the other. However, there was some evidence that women in the home care group were more likely to have a caesarean birth and were more satisfied with their care compared to those in the hospital group. The number of days spent in hospital was 9.60 days less for the mothers in the group that received home care and they spent 10 days fewer days as inpatients. Home care was associated with reduced costs. There is a need for more research in this area.
This review found that staples and sutures are similar in terms of wound infection, pain and cosmesis, and these two are the most used methods for closing the skin after caesarean section. However, for both of these outcomes (wound infection and wound complication), staples may have a different effect depending on the type of skin incision, i.e., Pfannenstiel or vertical. Compared with absorbable subcutaneous suture, non-absorbable staples are associated with an increased risk of skin separation, and the need for reclosure. If staples are taken out on the first day after birth, there is an increased chance that the skin will break down and the stitches will need to be put back in.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 821 participants. Seven RCTs compared green tea to black tea and four to other types of tea. Dosage and form of both green and black tea used in the trials differed, as did the amount and type of green tea and the amount of black tea that was consumed. The results showed that green tea had favourable effects on cholesterol and blood pressure. Green tea was found to reduce the risk of heart disease and stroke by 0.43 and 0.64 mmol/L, and blood blood pressure by 3.18 mmHg, when analysed alone or in a group of tea types. However, the results were not stable over six months, as only a small number of trials contributed to each analysis and some of the results may be at risk of bias. Black tea also had favourable results on blood pressure and cholesterol, but only a few of the included studies were of high quality. Adverse events were measured in five trials and included a diagnosis of prostate cancer, hospitalisation for flu, appendicitis and retinal detachment, but these were unlikely to be due to the use of green or black tea. There are very few long-term studies to date that have looked at whether green tea is a good choice for the prevention of CVD. The evidence is up to date to August 2013.
We found that there was a lack of evidence to support for the use of azathioprine in the treatment of patients with chronic asthma. There were only a total of two randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled studies that met the inclusion criteria for the review. Both of these were of short-term (less than one month) and small size, and both had a high risk of bias in terms of the way in which they were run and the way they were analysed. Due to this, we are not able to draw any conclusions about the best way to reduce steroid use in the long term. Large, long-term, well-designed, and well-conducted studies are required before any firm conclusions can be made.
We found 56 randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effect of exercise on cancer-related tiredness in adults (aged 18 years or over) who had received cancer treatment for any type of cancer. A meta-analysis of all the RCTs, which is a type of RCT, showed that for people with cancer who received an exercise intervention, their tiredness was less than for those who did not. This was seen in people with breast cancer, prostate cancer and prostate cancer, but not in those with blood cancers. We also found that people with solid tumours were more than twice as likely to be tired when they did exercise compared to those who were not tired. We did not find any difference between groups in terms of age, sex, body mass index (kg/m²) or body weight. We found no difference in the number of people who were found to be fit and healthy at the end of the two-year follow-up in people who did or did not have cancer. We concluded that exercise can be regarded as beneficial for those with cancer-based tiredness during and post-cancer therapy. More research is needed to determine the best type, intensity and timing of exercise.
We found five trials with 3427 adults (aged 16 to 65 years of age) who were followed up for at least five years from the start of treatment to the end of follow-up. All five trials were co-ordinated in Germany, the HD2000 and the GSM-HD and the EORTC 20012 were performed in Belgium. The overall risk of bias was low for overall survival (OS), but was high for other outcomes, as patients and their carers were aware of the type of treatment received and this might have led to bias in the analysis of OS and PFS. We found that patients who had their treatment increased to a higher dose of BEACOPP after five years lived longer than those who had only ABVD. This means that only 90 (70 to 117) out of 100 patients in the ABVD arm would die from any cause compared to 120 in the beacopepine arm. There was no difference between the two groups in terms of the number of people who had a second solid tumour (MDS or AML) or in the risk of dying from the tumour or from any other cause. However, the observation time of the studies included in the review is too short to be able to show differences with respect to other types of solid tumours, which would not be found until around 15 years after treatment. We are not sure how many women will be infertile due to chemotherapy and which arm might be favoured, as the age of the patients was not reported. Only one of the five trials assessed quality of life, however, no results were reported. The evidence is up to date as of July 2015. The quality of the included in this review ranged from moderate to high.
We included 15 RCTs with a total of 1835 cancer patients in this review. All included studies were conducted in high-income countries and most of them were aimed at breast cancer or prostate cancer patients. We found that patients with cancer may be more or less likely to have a reduction in their risk of death from any cause if they have received a medical intervention compared to those who have not received one. We did not find any studies on the effectiveness of any other type of treatment. In all of the studies a less radical or 'functioning conserving' treatment was compared with a more radical treatment. Results showed that patients who received less radical, 'behavioural' (e.g. self-care) treatments had a lower risk of dying from their cancer than those who received more radical treatments. However, we found that people who received a multidisciplinary intervention had a higher risk of having a decrease in their cancer risk than people who had a care as usual. We also found that participants who were offered a physical intervention did not have a greater chance of improving their quality of life than patients who were not offered one. Five of the 15 studies were of high risk of bias and we judged them to be at low risk of systematic error (ie, there is a chance of arriving at wrong conclusions because of the way that the study was done). We found no evidence of bias in any of the other three types of studies. The evidence is up to date as of July 2013.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving more than 13,000 women in the UK and Ireland. The evidence is up-to-date as of July 2013. The trials compared the use of CTG with intermittent auscultation in women who were not at high risk of having a caesarean section. We found no difference between the groups in the number of babies that died before birth or in the time from birth to 12 months of age. The number of caesar sections was likely to be 20% more in the group of women who had CTG compared to the group that had a normal birth. There was no difference in the numbers of babies who died in the first month of life. The studies did not have the power to show whether or not there was a difference in perinatal deaths between groups. There were no differences between groups in other outcomes, such as the risk of brain injury and seizures in the neonatal age of one month of age and there were no data available for severe brain problems in the newborn. The quality of evidence ranged from moderate to very low, with downgrades due to imprecision, inconsistency and a lack of blindness for participants and staff. The findings of this review support the recommendation that the CTG should not be used for women who are low risk on admission in labour. Women should be informed that admission CTG is likely to lead to an increase in the rate of cephalic birth without benefit.
We searched for all randomised and quasi-randomised trials that compared the use of embryo culture mediums in IVF or ICSI treatment. The evidence is up to date as of March 2014. We found 32 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that randomised a total of 3666 women to one of three randomised trials (total 1018) and twelve to a randomised trial of oocytes (over 15,230). It was not possible to pool any of the data from the data because each of the RCTs used a different culture medium. Only a few of the studies reported live birth or ongoing pregnancy rates. Four of these studies found no evidence of a difference in embryo transfer rates for either day three or day five embryo transfer. Six of them found that for cleavage-stage embryo transfer, one of the mediums (Quinn's Advantage) was found to be better than G5 (G4) at increasing the chances of a clinical pregnancy. None of the other comparisons found any difference between the two mediums. With regards to side-effects, three of the trials found that women were more likely to have more than one pregnancy in the medium they used, but none found that one medium was better than the other. The quality of the evidence was very low for most of the comparisons. The main limitations were imprecision and poor reporting of the methods used in the studies. Most studies (22/32) failed to report their source of funding and none described their methods in a way that was clear enough for us to be able to assess them.
This is an update of a review that was first published in 2004. The search was carried out in 2008 and the search is still up to date as of March 2013. The review found no randomised trials of methods of communicating a diagnosis of breast cancer to women. The authors have considered the possible reasons for the lack of research studies in this area and have considered that it is perhaps unethical to randomise women at such a vulnerable time such as while they are still waiting for a diagnosis. The design of ethically sensitive research to examine this topic needs to be explored to help guide future practice. As some of the papers reviewed by the authors were related to the first consultation visit, where treatment options are discussed, perhaps a review which focused on the methods of communication at the first consultative visit would provide more evidence for the effectiveness of communication and overcome the ethical dilemmas.
We found 17 RCTs with 1006 people with a mean age of over 40 years of age. Most of the people in the studies had had chest pain for at least six months. They had been suffering from NSCP for more than six months and had been in the chest pain area for a long time. All of them had received some form of psychosocial treatment for NSCP. The results showed that in the first three months after the intervention, people had less chest pain and more days with no chest pain. There was also an increase in the number of chest pain-free days up to three months following the intervention. This was not found in the longer term. There were no clear differences in the severity of the pain in the short and long term. However, there was high risk of bias in many of the results and caution should be used in interpreting these results. This Cochrane review shows that there may be a small to moderate benefit for psychological treatments for NSCP, but the results are based on only a few small, short-term, and not long-term studies. There is a need for longer-term research in this area.
We found 30 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 4344 participants. All trials compared antihistamines and mast cell stabilising drugs with placebo (dummy drug) for at least one week. There was some evidence to show that the use of azelastine, nedocromil sodium or sodium cromoglycate, olopatadine, ketotifen, emedastine (or levocabastine), mequitazine, bepotastine besilate, the combination of antazoline and tetryzoline, and the combined treatment of leocvabstine and pemirolast potassium. However, there was no long-term data on their effectiveness. The quality of the studies and the way they were done was variable, but overall the risk of bias was low. There were no major side-effects.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at the effectiveness of programs aimed at preventing the uptake of tobacco use in Indigenous and non-Indigenous youth. We found one RCT from the USA and one from the UK. Both RCTs were based in the US and recruited a total of 1505 participants. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2014. The studies were conducted in the USA, the UK and the UK, and both were of high risk of bias (high risk of systematic errors and imprecision (ie, there is a chance of arriving at wrong conclusions because of the way that the study was run and run and the way in which the results were analysed). We found that there was no difference between the groups in terms of weekly smoking at 42 months follow-up. There was also no difference in weekly use of smokeless (smokeless) tobacco at 42 weeks, but there was a difference in smoking at six months between those in the group receiving the intervention and the group in the control group. Whilst the first study found positive changes for the use of tobacco in the intervention arm at post test, this was not maintained at six month. Both studies were rated as high or very low quality. Based on the available data, we are not able to draw conclusions as to whether or not there is any benefit of any of these programmes. There is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) on the use of prophylactic blood transfusion for the treatment of sickle cell anaemia in pregnancy. We found only one RCT with a total of 72 women. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. The included RCT was at high risk of bias and had few events for most of the outcomes and the results were imprecise. The RCT did not find any difference between the groups in terms of the risk of death of the mother or her baby, or in any of the other outcomes that we had planned to look at. Prophylactical transfusion did not result in any difference in the number of maternal deaths, perinatal deaths or in the occurrence of the most severe complications for the mother (pulmonary embolism (no events), heart attack, congestive heart failure, acute chest syndrome and haemolytic crises) between the treatment groups (prophylacic and selective transfusion, one trial, 72 women, very low- or low-quality evidence). Low- or very low quality evidence showed that the risk for pain crises was lower in the group of women who had pre-pregnant women who received pre-preventive transfusion compared with those who did not, but there was no clear difference in other adverse events (such as bleeding in the brain or the blood vessels) or between the comparison groups. Other outcomes we planned to report, such as the length of time spent in the hospital, postpartum haemorrhage and iron overload, and infant outcomes, admission to neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) and bleeding of the newborn, were not reported by the RCT. Currently, there is no evidence from randomised or quasi-randomised trials to guide on the best way to give blood transfusions to pregnant women with other types of sickled cells in the blood (HbSC and HbSβThal).
We found 67 randomised trials involving a total of 6197 participants. All the trials were at high risk of bias (ie, there was a chance of arriving at wrong conclusions because of the way that the studies were done). A total of 5771 participants from 64 trials provided data for one or more of the outcomes in this review. There was no evidence of differences in most of the comparisons, and where there was, these differences were in single trials, which were mostly of small size. We summarise only the evidence that was available in more than one trial below. Of the main outcomes, liver resection using a radiofrequency dissecting sealer may be associated with more adverse events than with the clamp-crush method. The proportion of people requiring a blood transfusion was higher in the low central venous pressure group than in the acute normovolemic haemodilution plus low (normal) blood pressure group (low- and very low-pressure) and in the fibrin sealant group (very low- and low-blood loss, blood loss, hospital stay, and operating time), and there was no difference in the other comparisons. None of the trials reported health-related quality of life or time needed to return to work. There is no evidence that any of the included trials were of high quality, and we were not able to assess the quality of evidence for most comparisons because of a lack of data. When data were available, we found that network meta-analysis (a method of combining the results of many of the different comparisons) could be used to estimate the effect of one treatment over the other. However, the paucity of data was too great for us to be sure that the results were valid. Low- or very low quality evidence was found for all comparisons except for the number of adverse events, which was found to be higher with the radiofibre sealer method than with clamping sealant method. Very low- or low-quality results were found for the other outcomes, and these results were based on only a few small trials. The evidence is up to date as of March 2018.
The aim of this review was to determine the best way to treat PPP. Twenty-three randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled and quasi-randomised trials were included in the review. There is evidence to suggest that the use of PUVA and retinoids is better than any of the other treatments. The use of a steroid under hydrocolloid occlusion is beneficial. It would also appear that low dose ciclosporin, tetracycline antibiotics and Grenz Ray Therapy may be useful in the short-term. Colchicine has a lot of side effects and it is not clear if it is effective or not. No evidence was found for the long-term use of hydroxycarbamide (hydroxyurea) in the treatment of PPP, and there was no evidence to show that any treatment was effective for the short term.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the blood pressure-lowering effect of five drugs within the loop diuretic class (furosemide 40 mg to 60 mg, cicletanine 100 mg to 150 mg, piretanide 3 mg to 6 mg, indacrinone enantiomer -2.5 mg to -10.0/+80 mg, and etozolin 200 mg) in 460 adults with a baseline blood pressure of 162/103 mmHg for a mean duration of 8.8 weeks. We found no differences between the drugs in terms of blood blood pressure reduction. The best estimate of systolic/diastolic blood blood pressures were -7.9 (-10.4 to -5.4/ -4.4 (-5.9 to 2.8/4.0/2.8) mm Hg, which is likely an overestimate. Withdrawals due to side effects and serum changes did not show a difference. The quality of evidence was low due to the high risk of bias of the trials and the high likelihood of publication bias.
We included 58 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in this review. Most of the RCTs were at high risk of bias (ie, there is a chance of arriving at wrong conclusions due to play of chance) and were at risk of random error (ie there is potential to arrive at the wrong results by chance). The evidence is up to date as of March 2017. We found 48 RCT with 2849 adults who had had planned laparoscopic cholecystoid surgery for gallbladder removal. Most participants were low anaesthetised and had planned to have the surgery by laparoscopy. There were no deaths in either group in the eight trials that reported deaths (0/236 (0%) in the local anaesthetic group and 0/210 (0% in the control group; very low risk of death). Only one person in each group had a serious complication (446 (0.4%) people in the treatment group and 1/236 in the no-surgery group; RR 3.00; 95% CI 0.13 to 67.06). The length of time spent in hospital was 0.04 days. The pain scores as assessed by the VAS (a chart that rates the amount of pain on a scale of 0 to 10 cm) were lower in the group that had received the injection at four to eight hours and at nine to 24 hours after the surgery. There was no difference between the groups in the number of people who were discharged as day surgery and in the length of stay in hospital. None of the trials reported on quality of life, return to normal activity, or time to return to work. No serious side effects were reported in any of the 715 people who had received local anaesthesia. There is very low quality evidence that it reduces pain in low anaesthetic risk adults who have planned elective laparopoietic gallblad surgery for the removal of the gallbladders. The size of this reduction in pain is likely to be very small. The quality of evidence was very low for all of the outcomes because of the small size of the effect and the imprecision of the results. Further large, well-designed, and well-conducted trials are needed to assess the effectiveness and safety of the use of this type of injection.
We found 74 randomised controlled trials (RDTs) of RDTs that looked at the antigens of P. falciparum malaria. We grouped them according to the type of antigen they looked for (type 1, type 2, type 3, type 4, and type 5) and compared them to each other or to microscopy (X-ray). We found that the sensitivity and specificity of all RDT types is such that they can be used to determine whether or not a patient has malaria. The pLDH antibody-based RDT tended to be sensory and disease-free, but it was not susceptible to light. The HRP-2 RDT was sceptical and specific, but not specific. If the point estimates for Type 1 and Type 4 tests are applied to a group of 1000 patients where 30% of those presenting with symptoms have malaria, Type 1 tests will miss 16 cases and a Type 4 test will miss 26 cases. The number of people wrongly diagnosed with malaria would be 34 with types 1 and 2 tests, and nine with types 4 and 5 tests. For the other two types of test, the pLH-antibodies (type 4 and Type 5) tend to be more sensitive but less specific than the other types of tests.
We found five trials, all from the UK, that tested short-term changes in the time allocated to each patient. All were conducted in the UK. We are not sure whether altering the length of the time spent in the doctor's office can improve the health of patients. Most of the results were based on very low-certainty, which means that we cannot be sure that the results are accurate. It is possible that these findings may change if high-quality trials are published in the future. None of the studies reported on the effects of altering the time doctors spend in the office or on the use of time and resources.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing high dose and low dose of stavudine. All three RCTs were from the USA, one from Italy and one from the UK. A total of 157 participants were recruited to the trials. The studies were at a high risk of bias due to the way they were designed and the way the results were reported. There was no difference in virologic suppression between the low dose and high dose groups at the end of treatment. However, there were differences in blood lipids (triglycerides) and body mass index (BMI) in the high dose arm of the Milinkovic 2007 and in the McComsey 2008 and the Sanchez-Conde 2005 study. The high dose group had higher BMI and triglycerides than the other groups. None of the studies showed that any of the participants stopped the drug due to adverse events. The included studies did not show that there was a clear difference in the effect of high dose or low dose on the amount of virus that was left in the blood or in the body. There is a need for further research in this area.
We found 10 trials with 1658 adults with ARDS who had been in the ICU for at least 28 days. We found five of the trials to be at low risk of bias and five to be of moderate risk. Six trials (1370 adults) compared an open lung ventilator with control ventilators who did not undergo recruitment manoeuvres. The other five trials (1450 adults) used a different type of open lung airway ventilation (called a 'co-ventilator' or 'open airway co-expirator'), which means that both groups received the same type of ventilation, but differed from each other in aspects other than the recruitment manoeuvre (such as mode of breathing, different modes of ventilation and a change in the pressure of the airway that was not related to the ventilation, e.g. tidal volume or plateau pressure). We found that the use of the open lung ventilation co-interventions may have had an effect on the number of deaths at 28 days in the intensive care unit (ICU) and in the hospital. We also found that there was no difference in the risk of barotrauma (a head and neck wound that is caused when a bone breaks away from the body and falls on top of the lung) between the two groups. We rated the quality of the evidence to be low, as most of the studies provided co-intravenous co-treatment as part of an 'open lung' ventilation strategy, and this might have influenced the results of the outcome. The evidence is up to date as of March 2017.
We found 15 studies, with a total of 687 patients, which were of poor quality. However, some results were found when we combined the results of the studies. The use of 'as needed' medications was reduced in two studies, (47 patients), by relaxation therapy. There was no difference in lung function (measured by peak airway pressure) in four studies of 150 patients, but there was a positive effect on quality of life in two of these, (48 patients), which suggests that these techniques may be useful in the treatment of adults with asthma. Two of the trials, (51 patients) used bio-feedback therapy, which is a form of cognitive-behavioural (thinking) therapy, and showed that it may be able to increase the amount of air in the lungs. Two trials (51 adults) used CBT, which showed that CBT may improve peak airways flow in favour of relaxation therapy, but this was not found in all studies. Two studies (51 adult adults) found that relaxation therapy may be effective in reducing the risk of depression, but the findings were not consistent. This may have been due to the different types of treatments used and the lack of consistency in the way that the studies were carried out. This review was not able to draw firm conclusions for the role of these techniques in the management of asthma due to lack of evidence base. Larger, well-conducted and well-reported trials are needed in this area.
We found 35 randomised, double-blind, quasi-randomised and quasi-trials of antidepressants and benzodiazepines compared to each other in a total of 6785 adults with a mean age of 18 years and a mean duration of six months. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. We found low- and very-low-quality evidence that there was no difference between the two treatments in terms of the proportion of people who improved in the short-term (i.e. six weeks or less) and those who did not improve at all (response rate) or who dropped out due to any cause (very low- or low-quality data). We found some low- to very low-risk of dropouts from treatment with either drug (7 in 100 people) and one in 100 dropouts with both drugs (14 in 100). We did not find any difference in the number of patients who improved or did not respond to treatment with the drugs, but we did find that there were more dropouts in the group of people with depression who took benzodiazapine (9 in 100) compared to those who took antidepressants (2 in 100 patients). We also found that serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) were better than tricyclic-tricyclic antiepileptic drugs (TCAs) for reducing the risk of side-effects. We were not able to draw any conclusions about which drug was the best to use in the long-term for the treatment of panic disorder. The quality of the evidence was very low or very low. This means that we are uncertain about the accuracy of the results and that the choice of which drug to use can not be made on the basis of this review and should be based on evidence of the effectiveness and tolerability of both of these drugs.
Twenty-nine trials, that enrolled over 1,700 adults with pancreatic carcinoma, were included in this review. Three of the included trials compared plastic stents to surgery. The risk of death from any cause was lower in patients who had a stent placed in their bile duct. There was a trend towards a lower risk of dying within 30 days of surgery in these patients. One of the trials found that there was a greater risk of a new blockage in the bile after the stent was placed than in those who had surgery, but the risk of the blockage recurring was similar in both types of stent. Nine trials compared metal to plastic stent and found that metal stents were associated with a less risk of recurrent bile blockage than the other types. One trial found that patients who received a metal stent had lower costs and better quality-of-life than those who received surgery. In patients with short predicted survival, their patency benefits may not be realised. Further RCTs are needed to determine the best stent type for these people.
We found five RCTs reporting 444 arterial cannulations in paediatric participants. All of the studies compared ultrasound guidance with other types of guidance, such as palpation or Doppler sound. We found that the first attempt at cannulation was more likely to be a success with the use of ultrasound guidance than with other methods. We also found that first-time success rates were higher in infants and small children, in whom arterial line cannulation is more difficult, than in older children. We did not find any difference between the first and the second time, but we did find that there may be a greater chance of success at the first time with ultrasound guidance. There was no information about the rate of adverse events. We rated the quality of evidence for all outcomes as moderate owing to imprecision due to wide risk of bias and small numbers of events. It was not possible to blind practitioners in all of the included studies; this added a bias that is inherent to the type of intervention studied in our review.
We found only one RCT (involving 80 male students in the Netherlands and published in 2009) and three ITSs (three ITSs conducted in the 1970s and 80s in the general population in Canada. The RCT found that young men were less likely to drink alcohol if they were exposed to a low-alcohol content film compared with men exposed to one with a high-amount of alcohol content. The ITSs found that there was no difference in the amount of alcohol consumed between men who were and those who were not. The results from the three ITS studies were inconsistent. A meta-analysis of the two ITSs showed that the number of people who drank more or less than 1.10% of those who did not drink alcohol after the lifting of the total ban on all forms of advertising showed an increase in beer and wine and a decrease in spirits and other forms of alcohol consumption. No other prespecified outcomes (such as economic loss or harm due to decreased alcohol sales) were reported in any of the studies and no adverse effects were found. None of the included studies were funded by the alcohol or advertising industry. The quality of evidence was very low due to a high risk of bias and imprecision in the results.
We found eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing high MCT and low MCT formulas in a total of 182 infants. There was no difference in short-term growth, length gain, head growth, or incidence of necrotizing enterocolitis between the two types of formula. However, there was some evidence of a possible benefit of the high-MCT formula in terms of the amount of weight gained in the first month of life. There is conflicting data (two studies) as to how well the infants were able to cope with the use of the MCT formula. There were no data on the long-term development of the infants in the RCT group or on the effects of the different types of MCTs on growth, development, or stomach ulcers. More research is needed to find out which type of formula is best for babies from birth to three months of age.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of transcervical amnioinfusion to treat chorioamnionitis in women after birth. We did not find any RCTs that used transabdomine (through which fluid is passed down the pelvis from the uterus to the cervix) or transcervical (down the other side of the body, through the vagina or through the urethra (shin bone) to the uterus) as the treatment option. We found one RCT with a total of 34 women. The study was at a high risk of bias, which means that the results may not be reliable, and there was a lack of information about whether or not women were aware of which group they were in. The trial did not report on the incidence of postpartum endometritis (inflammation of the lining of the uterus (endometritis) after birth) or infection of the baby. There was no clear difference in the rate of caesarean section between the groups. The time spent in hospital was the same in both groups, nor was the time spent on antibiotics (antibiotics are drugs that help the body to clear the bacteria from the blood). The study did not provide any information about how many babies had a low Apgar score at five minutes after birth, or about the risk of perinatal death or severe illness (such as brain injury or brain haemorrhage) or admission to intensive/high care. The quality of the evidence was low due to the small size of the study and issues with the way in which it was done. We were not able to draw any conclusions about the safety of this treatment or about women’s quality of life because of the lack of data. The evidence in this review is up to date as of July 2018.
In this review, the Mini-Cog was used to assess whether or not people in the community could be screened for Alzheimer's or other forms of Alzheimer's in order to determine if they might be at risk of being affected by Alzheimer's disease or other types of dementia. Three randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled studies were found with a total of 1620 people. The Mini-cog was well-tried and well-reported in all three of the studies, but there were problems with the way in which each study was carried out. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found 19 randomised, double-blind, cross-over, and quasi-randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that compared amphetamines with placebo (a fake drug) or with other types of drugs. We included 2521 adults with an average age of 35.3 years. Most were middle-aged, and most were Caucasian males (57.2%), with a combined type of ADHD (ADHD and ADHD combined) (78.8%). Eighteen of the RCTs were from the USA, and one was from both Canada and the USA. We found that all three types of amphetamine (dexamphetamine, lisdexamfetamine, and mixed amphetamine salts (MAS; 12.5 mg/d to 80 mg per day) were efficacious in reducing the severity of ADHD symptoms as rated by patients. However, we found no evidence to suggest that dexamphetamine was better than the others. We did not find that any type of amphetamine was any better than any other for keeping people in treatment. We also found that people who took an amphetamine were no more or less likely to drop out of treatment because of side effects than those who took a fake drug. We rated the quality of the evidence as low to very low, mainly due to the lack of precision of the methods used in the studies, and because we could not rule out the possibility of a carry-over effect from one study to the next in terms of the number of people who dropped out due to side effects.
We included 10 studies with 811 adults (aged 18 years and over) with a mean age of about 40 years. The age range of participants was 18 years to 75 years. Most of the participants had a range of ages from 18 to 80 years old, and most of them had been suffering from chronic pain for at least six months. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. We found that there was no evidence that the use of vitamin D for chronic pain was better than placebo in any of the chronic pain conditions we looked at. Adverse events and drop-outs due to adverse events were very rare, and no difference was found between the vitamin D group and the placebo group. Based on this, it is not clear whether or not vitamin D is helpful for the treatment of chronic pain.
Forty-one studies were found, involving more than 200 health care providers and more than 48,000 people with diabetes. The studies were heterogeneous in terms of interventions, participants, settings and outcomes. In all studies the intervention strategy was multifaceted. In 12 of the studies the interventions were aimed at health professionals, in nine they were targeted at the organisation of care, and in 20 they targeted both. In 15 of the 15 studies, nurse education was added to the professional and organisational interventions. A combination of professional and patient-oriented interventions was found to improve the performance of health care staff. The effect on patient outcomes was less clear as these were rarely assessed. Arrangements for follow-up (organisations of care) also showed a favourable effect on patients' health outcomes. Multiple interventions in which the role of the nurse was enhanced, such as those in which patients were taught about diabetes care, had favourable effects on the health of patients.
We found five randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials (RCTs) that included a total of 1503 women aged 25 years and younger. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. The trials compared the use of hormonal and intrauterine methods for birth control in 25 to 34-year-old women. The methods included the LNG-IUS, transdermal contraceptive patch, vaginal contraceptive ring, or levonorgestrel. The studies were conducted in the USA, the UK, France, the Netherlands, and the Czech Republic. The mean age of the women ranged from 24 to 36 years old. The included trials compared hormonal birth control methods with each other or with other types of birth control. The results did not show that one method was better than the other for contraception or for the number of women who continued to use the method for at least three years. However, there were more women in the COC group who stopped the birth control method for 'other personal reasons' compared with those in the group that received the lower dose. In three of the trials that looked at different doses of the same type of hormonal method, at least 75% of women continued the method at least six to 36 months. In one of the other trials, women who received the higher dose of the hormonal method were at least as likely to stop the method after three years as those who were given the other method. In the trial comparing the different types of hormonal birth-control method, there was no difference between the groups in the numbers of people who stopped for any reason. The other trial showed that the birth-birth rate was the same for both methods at six to 12 months after the end of the trial. The study comparing the two types of method did not find that the groups were any more or less likely to have the same birth-rate over the three-year period. The trial comparing different LNGs showed that birth-rates were the same after one and three years for the different methods. We considered the quality of evidence to be moderate to low. Limitations were due to trial design or lack of reporting.
This is an update of a Cochrane review that looked at the effectiveness of immunotherapy for allergen-based treatment of asthma in adults (aged 18 years or over) with asthma. The evidence is up to date as of March 2013. The review found that immunotherapy reduced the use of asthma medicines and the severity of asthma symptoms and increased the amount of air in the bronchus (bronchus is the part of the lung in which air escapes from the lungs and returns to the body at the same rate as the rest of the body). It would have been necessary to treat four out of six patients with immunotherapy to avoid one worsening of their asthma symptoms. There was no difference in the number of patients who had an anaphylaxis (aphysemia) from those who had not been treated with the treatment. There is a need to be aware of the risk of side-effects from immunotherapy.
We did not find any new studies for this update. We found six randomised trials involving 1297 patients. Five of the six trials had a low risk of bias. One of the trials had an unclear risk of systematic errors (bias) and one had a high risk of random errors (play of chance). All of the patients in the control group received standard ventilator ventilators and all were alive at day 28 and at the end of the hospital stay. There was no difference between the groups in terms of the risk of death at the 28th day after admission to the hospital. The risk of dying in hospital was reduced by half in the group of patients who were ventilated with a lower tidal volume. The effects on long-term deaths are not clear, although the possibility of a benefit could not be ruled out.
We included 15 RCTs with 1833 participants. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. The intravenous technique is comparable with the inhalation technique of using sevoflurane to provide early emergence from anaesthesia. The time to emergence from the anaesthetist's room was longer (by three to four hours) with isofluroane than with propofol, and the time to re-emerge from anaesthetic was not longer with sevoprofen (by one to three hours). The risk of side-effects with both techniques is the same. There was no difference in the risk of shivering or pain with either technique. Pooled results from four trials showed that the time taken for a patient to come out of anaesthesia was 0.28 to 0.56 hours longer with is ofluran than with a patient given a dose of propoflure. The number of side effects with both drugs was the same with both types of drugs. The quality of evidence was low because of the lack of precision of the methods used and imprecision of the results.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 15,936 people with high blood pressure in late-life. The average age of the patients was 75.4 years. Mean blood pressure at entry across the studies was 171/86 mmHg. There was no difference in the number of people who developed dementia between those who received the drug and those who did not receive the drug. However, there was some evidence that there may be a reduction in the risk of changes in quality of life in those who took the drug but did not have a history of stroke or stroke-like symptoms. The number of patients who dropped out of the trials due to side effects was not clear. There were problems with analysing the data due to the large number of participants lost to follow-up and the fact that many of the people in the control groups received antihypertensive drugs.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials (involving 3474 patients) comparing PTCRA versus angioplasty alone in patients with in-stent re-stenosis. There was no difference in the risk of death or major adverse cardiac events (myocardial infarction, heart attack or stroke) between the groups. However, there was a higher risk of developing a spasm (spasm is a contraction of the artery wall that causes it to open up and bleed out) and a perforation (hole in the stent) in the artery during the first six months after the procedure. In patients with more than one stent, the risk was four times that of those who had a stent placed on their stent and about twice that of patients whose stent was left in place for less than six months. There were no clear differences between groups in terms of the number of patients who had to have a new stent put back in after the first one had been removed. The risk of dying from any cause was the same in both groups. In people with more complex or difficult-to-treat stents (e.g. those with arterial stents that do not fit well in other parts of the body, or those whose stents have failed and need to be replaced) there was no improvement in patient outcomes compared to those with a simple stent. There is currently no evidence to support the routine use of PTCA in re-stents in patients who have had a previous stent removed.
We found three RCTs (333 participants) comparing nebulised rhDNase with placebo in children under 24 months of age hospitalised with acute bronchiolitis. All three studies used 2.5 mL (1 mg/mL) of nebulising rh DNase daily or twice a day. Adjunctive therapy was given with salbutamol, steroids, supplemental oxygen, nasal wash, nasal decongestants, nasal drops, nasal sprays and antibiotics. The results of the studies did not support the use of this treatment in children younger than 24 months old. In these patients, treatment did not shorten the length of time spent in hospital and did not lead to any improvement in clinical outcomes. In one trial, four out of 11 patients in the treatment group had atelectasis (hole in the bronchial wall of the lung caused by a virus). Two of these patients showed improvement after treatment. There was no difference in adverse events between the two groups. These were reported in a total of 11 children from both treatment groups. The review did not find any difference in the number of children who were admitted to intensive care units (ICUs) or who were discharged from the ICU on the first day of follow-up.
We found that there was no difference between the percutaneous approach and cut-down femoral artery access in terms of short-term (less than 24 hours) or long-term complications (more than six months after surgery) death, aneurysm exclusion, bleeding or haematoma, surgery time, or length of time spent in the intensive care unit (ITU) or in hospital. There was a difference in the number of wounds that developed after surgery in both groups, but only one of the two groups had a wound infection. We found that surgery time was faster in the pneothoracic approach. We rated the quality of the evidence from studies using four levels: very low, low, moderate, high, or high. Very low-quality evidence means that we are very uncertain about the accuracy of the results. High-quality results mean that we can be very confident in the findings. The quality of evidence ranged from very low to high.
This review found that the spermicides sponge was less effective than the diaphragm in the USA and the UK in preventing pregnancy. The sponge was more likely to cause allergic-type reactions and to stop using it for any reason. The numbers of women who stopped using it altogether were more than twice as high as those who used it for pregnancy. No new trials have been identified since the initial review.
We found six randomised and quasi-randomised studies that looked at the use of drugs or other non-drug treatments in adults with brain tumours who had had brain surgery to treat the tumour in the head and neck. We did not find any studies looking at the amelioration of the brain tumour. There were a number of problems with the design of some of the studies, which meant that it was not possible to combine their results. We found that two of the drugs (memantine and d-threo-methylphenidate HCL) may help to prevent cognitive loss in adults who have had brain metastases caused by brain surgery. One drug (turbine-based drug called donepezil) may have a role in the treatment of people with brain metastasies who have been treated with cranial irradiation. There was no strong evidence to suggest that any other drug or non-medicine was effective in the prevention or treatment of cognitive loss. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found that there is a need for more research in this area. We found that the quality of the evidence was very low as a result of limitations in the conduct and reporting of the studies, indirectness of the data and the imprecision of the results. There is a high risk of bias in the way that the studies were done and a lack of precision in the estimates of the effects of laser treatment. More research is needed to find out if there is any benefit from laser treatment for patients with this type of injury. This review is up-to-date as of March 2015.
We found that combined oestrogen and progestogen was no more or less safe than no treatment for all our main outcomes (miscarriage, perinatal death, preterm birth and low birthweight of less than 2500 g) and there was no difference between the groups for any of our other outcomes. However, there was an increased risk of a type of cancer in the reproductive system in mothers in one of the trials. In the other, the risk of cancer other than that of the uterus or ovary was no greater in the treatment group than in the no-treatment group. There is not enough evidence from randomised controlled trials to assess the use of the hormones oestrogens and progesterone for preventing miscarriages. We strongly recommend further research in this area.
This review found that both TCAs and SSRIs are safe and well-treatable for depression in adults treated in primary care. The numbers of people who dropped out of the studies due to side effects from either drug were between 4 and 30 for TCAs, and 20 to 90 for SSIs.
This review found that ibuprofen 400 mg was better than 200 mg for relieving the pain and headache in about half of people with acute migraine headaches, but it was no better than rofecoxib 25 mg for pain-free relief or 24-hour headache relief. The higher dose was also better than the lower dose for headache relief at 2-hour, but not for longer than that time. About the same number of people had side effects, which were mostly mild and short-lived. Ibuproen was no more or less effective than rofen 25 mg at relieving acute migraine headache pain for any of the outcomes. Adverse events occurred at the same rate as with placebo.
We included 43 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 3497 adults with dry eye. The trials compared OTC artificial tears with each other or with placebo (fake tears). We found that, in general, it was not clear whether the different types of OTC tears were better or worse than each other in terms of reducing the signs and symptoms of dry eye when compared with no tears or a fake tear. However, we found that 0.2% polyacrylic acid-based artificial tears appeared to be better than 1.4% polyvinyl alcohol-based tears at reducing dry eye symptoms in two of the 43 RCTs. All other types of artificial tears were either no better or no worse than the other. We also found that OTC (non-steroidal) tears may be safe, but not without side effects. We assessed the quality of evidence as low due to high risks of bias in the design of the trials and poor reporting of outcome measures which were used in the trials. Furthermore, we identified 18 trials that were reported only in clinical trial registers with no published results or results. Such lack of reporting of trial results is a high risk of publication bias.
We found one randomised trial in 136 HIV-1 patients that looked at whether or not patients maintained their first-line treatment with lamivudine in second-line regimens or not. There was no difference in the proportion of those with HIV who had no virus in their blood after six months and time to viral suppression (the time from the start of treatment to the time that the virus is no longer in the blood) in the group who did not stop the drug. However, there were no differences in the percentage of patients with HIV that were still free of HIV virus after the end of treatment. There were no trials comparing boosted protease inhibitors (PIs) or combinations of PIs and nucleosides with other antiretroviral drugs in patients who had failed with HIV with the World Health Organization-recommend regimen. There is not enough evidence to draw any conclusions about the best treatment for HIV patients who fail with HIV treatment.
We found 133 studies involving 844,206 adults who had been placed on a ventilator for any length of time. All of them had been in the airway for at least 24 hours and had been on a breathing tube (laryngoscopy or tracheal intubation) for more than 24 hours. We found that all of the tests could be used to assess the condition of the airways, but only a few of them were used for this purpose. For the tests we used, we found that the upper lip bite test was the best test for the diagnosis of difficult face mask ventilation and the most accurate for the other tests, but that the tests were all very variable in their accuracy. The tests were used in the same way in adults with no signs of an airway blockage, and in adults whose airways were not blocked by a blockage. We also found that there was a wide range of results for the tests in terms of the distance to the sternum (chest) and the trachea (tracheal incision) and that the mouth opening test provided the best results. We could not draw any conclusions about the use of these tests for other types of airway tests, such as the bedside airway examination tests, as they do not appear to be very good screening tests. Given the paucity of data, it is not clear whether or not these tests can be used. We recommend that more research is done to find out which tests are the best to use in the most often.
We found 63 randomised, double-blind, quasi-randomised, and quasi-trials of probiotics in 8014 children and adults with diarrhoea. Probiotics are bacteria that live in the gut that help the body to break down the faeces and can be passed from the gut to the blood. We found that probiotics reduce the length of time people have to spend in the toilet and reduce the number of times they need to go to the toilet each day. We did not find any evidence that any of the probiotics caused any side effects. However, the trials were done in a wide range of countries and in a range of age groups. Therefore, we are not sure if probiotics are best used in children or adults. More research is needed to find out which probiotic regimens are best for which patients.
We found only one randomised, double-blind, placebo-based, 18-month-long study that compared nidotherapy-enhanced standard care with standard care alone. This study was classified by its authors as a 'pilot study' and had a short-term (up to six months) and a medium-term follow-up (between six and 12 months) duration (18 months and up to 12 months). We found that people in the control group were more likely to leave the study early and to engage in non-inpatient services in both the short term and the medium term. People in the intervention group were also more satisfied with their care in terms of engagement with other services, mental state, service use, and the cost of care. We found no difference in the numbers of deaths or events of death at 12 months between the groups, but this was not clear in the short or the long term. Overall, the quality of the evidence was very low, and we were not able to draw any conclusions about the long-term effects of this new form of therapy.
We found eight randomised, double-blind, controlled trials (studies in which people are put into one of two or more treatment groups at random) of pregabalin 300 to 600 mg (150, 300, 450, or 600 mg daily) for 12 to 26 weeks. We found five studies with 3283 adults with back pain that were of 'old-style' or'strange' studies, in which participants were randomised at the start of the study to pregalin or a fake medicine (placebo), with assessment after 8 to 13 weeks of stable treatment. Five of the studies (1874 adults) had a ‘strange’ design, which means that people were not aware of which group they were in. Studies had low risk of bias, except that the last observation carried forward (LOCF) imputation method used in analyses of the main outcomes could overestimate treatment effect. Pregabalin was found to reduce back pain by 50% or more in about 2 in 10 (22% to 24%) more people than placebo (low to high) after 12 or 13 weeks. About 1 in 5 (1 in 10) more people had a reduction in back pain of at least 50% with pregalapate compared with placebo, and about 1 in 10 had a 50% reduction in pain with either pregabline or placebo (high quality evidence). Pain was reduced by at least 30% in about 3 in 4 (30%) more of those who took pregbalapate (high or very low quality evidence. Pain was also reduced by about 11% in 11% more in people who took a medicine compared with a dummy medicine (moderate or low or no effect) (high and high and very low and low and high quality evidence, respectively). Side effects were more common in the medicine group than in the dummy medicine group. Withdrawals due to side effects were about 10% more common with the 600 mg dose than with the 300 mg dose, but were about 6% less in the placebo group (high, very low, and low quality of evidence). About 10% of people who had good pain relief after the first dose were able to continue at the same dose for 13 or 26 weeks, compared with either a placebo or a short down-titration to placebo. Of those who did not need to stop the medicine, about one in five (10%) had a long-term improvement in their back pain. The quality of the evidence was high or very high for most of the outcomes, except for'very much improved' and'much or very much improved', which ranged from very low to high.
We found one randomised controlled trial (involving 135 women with mild pre-eclampsia at term) that was at a low risk of bias (low risk of play of chance). The trial did not report any of this review's prespecified primary outcomes. There was no difference between the groups in Apgar score less than seven at five minutes, nor gestational age at birth, nor in the rates of postpartum haemorrhage or caesarean section. There were more maternal side effects (feeling warm and flushed) in the treatment group than in the placebo group. However, no differences in adverse effects severe to stop treatment was observed. There is not yet enough evidence to assess the efficacy and safety of the use of magnesium sulphate when administered to women for the protection of the preterm brain of the term fetus. As there has been a large body of research in this area, high-quality randomised trials are needed to determine the safety profile and outcomes for the term baby.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, double blind, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed whether or not a stop-addition or stop-compulsory intervention was used to help people to stop or stop smoking. We found four RCTs that met all of the criteria for inclusion in the review. Three of the studies used a combination of a drug treatment and a form of cognitive and behavioural therapy (CBT) in the form of counselling, one used text message support and the other was delivered via clinic doctors trained in the use of CBT techniques to help smokers to quit. The results of this review show that there is evidence that CBT can help some non-Indigenous people to quit smoking. However, there is a lack of good quality, well-conducted and well-reported research to support this. There is a need for more research in this area. This review highlights the paucity of evidence available to evaluate the effectiveness of smoking cessation interventions, despite the known success of these interventions in non-indigenous populations. A significant health gap exists, whereby Indigenous populations, a minority, are over-represented in the burden of smoking-related morbidity and death.
We found 13 studies (5686 adult patients) that evaluated the use of a PAC in adults in the ICUs. All of the patients were critically ill and had been in ICUs for at least 28 days. We found that PAC did not change the risk of death or the length of time spent in ICU or in hospital. We also found that there was no effect on the time patients spent in hospital or ICU, or on the cost of care. We did not find that PAC changed the number of patients who died or the time they spent in intensive care. There was no difference in the time that people spent in general ICU (28 days, 30 days, 60 days or 90 days) or in the hospital. However, we found that patients in the high-risk surgery group had a lower risk of dying than those in the other groups when we looked at this group of patients. We are not able to draw conclusions about the value of PAC in terms of reducing death or hospital length of stay because of the lack of data. There is a need for more research to find out if there are ways of using a PAC that are safe and can be used in the long-term. Newer, less-invasive monitoring tools need to be tested against PAC before they are used in patients.
This review found that venepuncture is the method of choice for blood sampling in term neonates and that the use of a sweet-tastes solution (sugar solution) prior to the application of the tip of the probe reduces the amount of blood that can be collected and the number of skin punctures that need to be made.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials on the use of sutures to repair broken down perineal wounds following childbirth. We found only a total of two studies with a combined total of 52 women with a dehisced and/or infected episiotomy wound at point of entry. Both of the studies were of poor quality and had a high risk of bias. Only one study reported on wound healing at less than four weeks. There was a trend to favour this outcome in the resuturing group, but there was not a clear difference between the two groups at this time point. Similarly, there was no difference in the rates of dyspareunia (scarring) at two months and six months with no difference between both groups at these time points. Neither of the other studies reported on pain at any time interval; the woman's satisfaction with the results of the suturing procedure; the number of times the wound had to be re-sutured; the amount of time it took for the wound to heal; exclusive breastfeeding; or the effects on the health of the mother. Based on this review, there is not enough information to decide whether sutured wounds heal more quickly or take longer to heal. There is an urgent need for a large, well-designed, and well-conducted randomised trial to assess the effectiveness and safety of both treatment options.
We found 18 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 2521 participants. Most of the RCTs were of poor quality and compared medicinal herbs with antiviral drugs (antiviral drugs are drugs that kill the virus that causes the flu). Only three of the 18 RCT studies showed that compared with the use of an antiviral drug, some of the herbs may be effective in preventing flu and in alleviating flu symptoms. 'Ganmao' and 'E Shu You' capsules were found to be more effective than amantadine in treating flu in one RCT, but no data were found for the other trials. There were no differences in side effects between the herbs and ribavirin, nor were there differences in the occurrence of side effects. Most Chinese medicinal herbs in the included trials showed the same effects to the drugs used to treat the flu. No obvious side effects were found in the studies. The quality of the included studies was poor and more high-quality research is needed.
We found eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 558 adults with a mean age of over 60 years of age. All participants had an HD catheters that had been cuffed or tunnelled and had been in place for more than six months. All of the patients had an angioplasty to remove the blockage and were followed up for at least 14 days. The review found that thrombolysis, fibrin sheath disruption and over-the-wire catheter exchange may be the best ways to restore catheter patency. There is not enough data to show which is the best medicine to use in terms of the amount of time that the catheter can be left in place or the risk of adverse events. Catheters can become clogged and leaky and need to be re-stitched or exchanged. Cathetes can become blocked and may not be able to be used for up to a year after the catheter has been removed. The risk of a blockage of the sheath can also be increased by the use of a drug to stop the blood clot from clotting. There was no evidence that any of the methods were better than the other. The studies included in this review were judged to be at a high risk of bias due to the way they were done and the fact that they were funded by the drug industry.
We found 17 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 2674 patients. Fifteen of these RCTs (20 treatment comparisons) looked at the effect of adding a drug to the treatment on tumour shrinkage and 11 of the trials looked at time to event (i.e. the time from the start of the trial to the time of death) and found no difference in the time taken for the tumour to progress. The addition of one or more drugs to the regimen was found to increase the number of breast cancer cells that had shrunk in women with metastatic breast cancer but did not reduce the risk of death or the time it took for the cancer to spread to other parts of the body. The risk of side effects such as alopecia (scarring of the head and neck), nausea and vomiting and leucopenia (inflammation of the white blood cells) were more common with the addition of a drug.
This is an update of a review that was first done in 2004. Ten randomised trials with a total of 1896 patients were found. There was no difference in the number of deaths in the first year after discharge from the NLU or in the length of time spent in the ICU. However, there was an increase in the risk of death in patients who were discharged from a NLU. The risk of readmission to ICU was lower in patients discharged from an NLU but this may be due to an increased length of stay in hospital. No adverse events were noted. The cost of care was higher in the UK and lower in the US.
We found 11 randomised, quasi-randomised, and quasi-blinded controlled trials (RCTs) with 414 adults with CTS. All participants had CTS of at least two years of age with a mean age of over 60 years. The evidence is up-to-date as of December 2014. The review found that there is not enough evidence to support the use of one type of therapy over the other or to show that one therapy is more effective than any other. Only one of the studies looked at the short-term effect of the treatment and found that patients were more than twice as likely to be found to be satisfied with their treatment when compared with those in the control group. There was no difference between groups in terms of symptoms, function, and neurophysiologic (mechanical) signs and signs of CTS, but this may have been due to the fact that people in the comparison group were not aware of which group they were in. One of the RCTs also found that people who received a splint and ultrasound may be more satisfied than those who had the splint alone, but the chance of improvement was less than in the group that had low-level laser therapy plus splint. The risk of bias was low in some studies and high in other studies, with only two of the 11 studies reporting that participants were aware of the group to which they were assigned and six reporting that they were not blinded (i.e. that is, they did not know which treatment they had been put in). The quality of the included in this review was very low to low. This means that we are very uncertain about the accuracy of the results and that further research is very likely to have an effect on our confidence in the results.
We found eight randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials (RCTs) involving more than 10,000 adults with a history of stroke or ischaemic stroke or TIA. We found that the risk of stroke recurrence was reduced by 50% in those who had a previous stroke or had had a stroke in the first year after the stroke. There was no evidence that such patients had a lower risk of dying from any cause or of sudden death. Three of the included RCTs showed that patients who had been treated with a statin had fewer heart attacks and strokes after their stroke than those who did not have a stroke. However, there was no difference in the number of people who died of any cause. There is evidence that statin therapy in patients with a recent stroke or stroke in which the stroke was caused by a blood clot (stroke ischaemia) does not result in a recurrence of the stroke but in those with a prior stroke (ischaemic or stroke-caused heart attack or stroke of the heart). It is not clear whether statins should be started immediately after stroke or later.
This is an overview of the evidence from a wide-ranging review of the effectiveness of mass-based campaigns to reduce the use of tobacco in adults in the USA. The aim of the review was to assess the impact of such campaigns on the number of adults who smoke and the amount of tobacco they use. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2013. We found 11 large-scale, state-wide, multi-centre and multi-municipal campaigns to change people’s use of cigarettes and other forms of smoking in adults. Studies differed in design, settings, length of follow-up, methods of evaluation and measures of smoking behaviour used. Overall, we found that smoking rates in adults who were not already smokers or had quit smoking were lower in the programs compared with the rest of the USA, but this was not found in all of the studies. There was no difference between groups in terms of age, education, ethnicity or gender. However, there was some improvement in the rates of quit and quit rates in four of the eight studies, although in one of them the effect was measured for quit and cut down rates combined. Six of nine studies carried out in communities or regions showed some effects on smoking behaviour and at least one significant change in the smoking rate (Sydney). There is evidence that programs to change adults’ use of smoking habits can be effective, but the evidence comes from a heterogeneous group of small, low- to medium-sized studies of variable quality.
We found 24 studies with a total of 2166 adults with an age range from 18 to 80 years of age. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. We found that yoga can improve health-related quality of life and reduce tiredness and tiredness, as well as depression, anxiety and fatigue, in the short term. Yoga does not appear to be as good as other forms of exercise, but it might be used as an add-on to other types of exercise. We did not find any evidence that it was as effective as psychosocial/educational therapy or that it had more adverse events than other kinds of treatment. The quality of evidence was low or very low for most of the outcomes, which means that we are uncertain about the accuracy of the results and that further research is likely to have an effect on our confidence in them. We rated the quality of the evidence as low to very low. The main reasons for this were imprecision (ie, we could not tell whether or not the results were true) and impreciseness (i.e. there was a chance that the true results might be very close to the truth but we were not confident in the estimate of the true effect).
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in adults and children with brain tumours of any age and any type of glioma. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. We found one RCT of 125 adults who had surgery for glioblastoma (a type of tumour in the brain that is not confined to the brain but can spread to other parts of the body, such as the brain and neck) who had brain surgery to remove all of the tumour and were followed by radiotherapy and temozolomide (a drug used to treat tumour shrinkage) after surgery. All of the people in the study had a tumour that had been surgically removed from their brain. They were followed up for at least one year after surgery to find out if there was any remaining tumour when they were discharged from the surgery. The results from this RCT showed that there may be little or no difference in the length of time patients lived after surgery between those who had early post-operative brain imaging and those who did not have surgery. There was no difference between the groups in terms of the risk of death at one year or at two years after surgery, nor was there any difference between groups at either time point. No other results were available for other types of brain imaging. We did not find any information on the effectiveness of other imaging schedules. We also found no evidence on the cost-effectiveness of any of the methods used to determine the best time points for the use of imaging in brain tumour surgery in adults with GBM.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing chlorpromazine with metiapine in 161 people with schizophrenia. There was no clear difference between the two drugs in terms of improvement in quality of life, but the numbers of participants with parkinsonism at eight weeks were similar. There were no useable results for the other key outcomes of the review, such as improvement in mental state, readmission due to relapse, satisfaction with treatment, aggressive or violent behaviour, or cost of care. Chlorpromazine has been the mainstay treatment for schizophrenia for decades, yet there is a lack of evidence to show whether this drug is more or less good than other drugs.
Twenty-three studies were identified for inclusion. The use of nitroimidazole antibiotics, mesalamine and immunosuppressive therapy with azathioprine/6-MP or infliximab all reduce the risk of post-operative recurrence of Crohn's disease. The risk of recurrence was reduced with the use of these drugs compared to placebo. However, these drugs were associated with a higher risk of adverse events and a greater risk of any endoscopy recurrence. There was no difference in the number of people who had a serious adverse events. There is a need for further research in this area.
We found that there is no difference in the effectiveness of psychosocial interventions to help people who use drugs to stop or reduce their use of drugs. We found low to very low-quality evidence to show that brief interventions are no better than treatment as usual, and that brief treatment is no more likely to help than other types of treatment. There was no difference between groups for retention in treatment, or for any of the other outcomes that we looked at. There were no data for alcohol-related harm, which is a measure of harm that is caused by misuse of drugs and is thought to be caused by the use of illicit drugs. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all of the main outcomes. This means that we are very uncertain about the results and that further research is very likely to have an effect on our conclusions.
We found 23 trials with a total of 1586 participants. Fifty-eight per cent of these participants were from five trials that had not been published yet. The most commonly used quinine dosage was 300 mg/day (range 200 to 500 mg). We found no new trials when we last searched for them in 2014. The risk of bias in the trials varied. All 23 trials claimed to be randomised, but some trials did not make it clear how participants were allocated to treatment groups. Quinine reduced cramp numbers by 28%, cramp days by 20%, and cramp severity by 10% when used up to 60 days. There was no difference in the number of cramps that people had over the course of a week or in the amount of time it took to get to the cramp site. A greater number of people had side effects on quine than on placebo (3% to 6% of the total), but these were mostly mild, and were mostly caused by stomach pain, headache, and tiredness. One person had a thrombocytopenia (blood clots in the veins) after taking quine. A combination of theophylline (an amino acid found in the blood of the gastrocnemius muscle) combined with quine improved cramps more than quine alone, and the effects of xylocaine injections into the stomach muscle did not differ from those of quine across all outcomes. There is no evidence to judge the best dosage or length of treatment for any of these other than 300 mg per day. The quality of evidence was low or very low for the use of 200 mg-500 mg daily for muscle cramp. This means that we are very uncertain about the effectiveness of this dose. It is likely that some people will have a cramp at some point in their life, but we do not know how often or for how long.
We found that for idiopathic cramps (mostly older adults presumed to have nocturnal leg cramps) there was no difference in the number of cramps per week between those who received magnesium and those who did not in terms of the severity of cramp or the length of time it took for the cramp to recur. There was also no improvement in cramp severity or in the amount of time that the cramps took to heal. For those with rest cramps and for those with no known cause, the results were mixed. It is not possible to draw conclusions about the effects of magnesium for these types of muscle cramps. However, for those suffering from rest cramp during pregnancy or for people with ALS/MS/MND the results are conflicting and further research in this patient group is needed. We did not find any randomised controlled trials of other types of exercise- or disease-based cramps such as those caused by ALS or MS.
We found one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared a six-month, home-based, combined muscle strength and recumbent cycle ergometrics (ECG) training program with usual care in 14 adults with SMA type 3. The age range of the participants was from 10 years to 48 years. The study was at a high risk of bias, which means that participants and their carers could not be aware of the type of training provided. People in the training group walked about one-tenth of a mile farther than those in the usual care group (9.4 m) from the end of the six-minute walk test. The change from baseline to six months' follow-up was not different from the change in the people in the group that did not do the exercise. Cardiopulmonary (blood flow in the lungs) quality of life was the same in the groups that did and did not exercise, and there was no difference in peak oxygen uptake (how much air there is in the blood taken in at one minute) between the groups. The quality of evidence was very low because of limitations in the design of the study and imprecision of the results. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. The trial did not assess the effects of exercise training on physical activity levels. It is not clear whether combined strength and exercise training is beneficial or harmful in SMA types 3 and 4. We need well-designed, large, well-conducted, and well-reported RCTs in this area in order to improve our understanding of the effect of exercise in this group of people.
We found that surgery may be better in the short-term for pain, weakness or loss of sensation in patients with cervical radiculopathy and mild myelopathy, but there is no difference in the long-term. There is no evidence that surgery is better than physiotherapy or hard collar immobilization for patients with spondylitis or myelitis. Both small trials were at high risk of bias and do not provide reliable evidence on the effects of surgery for either myelopathies.
The aim of this review was to assess the impact of the use of the telephone in health care on patient care and health service use. We found nine randomised controlled trials and one non-randomised controlled trial. Six of the nine studies looked at the effect of the phone service on the number of visits to GP's and other health care providers. There was no difference between the groups in terms of the amount of time patients spent in the GP's surgery or in the out-of-hours in the emergency room. However, there was an increase in the numbers of GP's who called back for a follow-up call. In general at least 50% of calls were handled by telephone advice alone. There were no differences between the telephone service and the other types of health care workers in the way they dealt with the calls. There is a need for further research in this area.
We found 84 randomised, double-blind, quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 22,872 adults (aged 18 years and over) who had been in the MI program for at least four months. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. We found that MI was no more or less effective than other types of control groups in reducing the amount of alcohol consumed, the number of days/week that alcohol was consumed or peak blood alcohol concentration, or BAC, or any other alcohol-related risky behaviour. We also found that there was no difference between MI and other groups in terms of the risk of drink-driving, binge-drinking or other risky behaviours. None of the RCTs reported harms related to MI. The results of this review indicate that there are no substantive, meaningful benefits of MI for preventing alcohol use, misuse or alcohol-based problems. Although we found some effects, the effect sizes were too small, and the quality of evidence was not strong, to be of relevance to policy or practice.
We found 29 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 2210 adults and children. All participants had asthma, and follow-up ranged from 2 to 26 weeks. Most of the RCTs were at high risk of bias, which means that we could not be certain that their results were valid. Most studies were at low or unclear risk of selection bias and of bias in the way they were carried out. We considered most of the evidence to be of low quality owing to these risks of bias and to imprecision in the estimates of effect. We found that people who received enhanced face-to-face or multi-media-delivered training improved their inhaler technique in most studies, but the types of checklists used meant that this was difficult to assess. For both adults and adults, how and when an asthma flare-up was assessed also seemed to have an effect on whether the person's technique improved and by how much. Analyses of the numbers of people who showed that they had used the correct or 'good' technique appeared to be more useful than the number of points on a score called a 'checklist' (i.e. a list of questions that can be used to assess how well someone has used an inhaler, such as 'what is the best way to use your inhaler' or 'how good is your technique'). However, we did not find that people in the control group improved as much as those in the training group. We also found that when we looked at people who had feedback devices, which are devices that give feedback on how well they did with their inhalers, there was no difference between the groups. We were not able to draw conclusions about harms from studies that used these devices. Inhaler technique training may help in some people with asthma, but we do not know if it will have a clear impact on clinical outcomes. We are not sure if it is safe to use it in children, and we cannot be sure that it is effective in adults. We rated the quality of evidence for most of our outcomes as low or very low. This is due to problems with the way that many of the studies were done, and to differences in the ways that some of the outcomes were measured.
We found three randomised trials, with a total of 226 patients, that compared mannitol with placebo or no treatment in people with an ischaemic stroke (stroke caused by a blood clot in the brain that did not break away from the brain and did not bleed out) or with people who had had a stroke caused by ischaemia (a blood clot that is not in the blood and does not clot, but that forms around the edge of the brain but does not break free from the blockage). None of the three trials were large or of high risk of bias, and none of the trials were long-term. The evidence is up to date as of March 2013. The change in clinical condition was not clearly reported in any of the studies, and the percentage of those with a worsening or not improving condition did not differ significantly between the group of people who were treated with and those who were not. There is not enough evidence to support the routine use of mannolitol in patients with an acute stroke.
This review found that D-penicillamine appears to be a safe and well-treatable drug for patients with rheumatoid arthritis, but with a higher risk of side effects than other disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drugs.
We included four studies in this review. All of them used a decoction of Huangqi compounds (Huangqi compounds, Astragalus spp.) as the intervention with chemotherapy. Three of the four studies were of low quality and one of them was of high risk of bias. Due to the low quality of the studies, we were not able to draw conclusions about the effectiveness of the use of Chinese herbs in the treatment of patients with cancer. We found that patients treated with Huangqi decoctions did not have more side effects than those who received chemotherapy alone. There was a decrease in the rate of leucopenia (low white blood cell count) and an increase in the proportion of T-lymphocyte subgroups (cells that make up the body's white blood cells) in the patients who received the treatment. We did not find any evidence of harm. We need more high quality randomised controlled trials to determine the effects of using Chinese herbs to treat the side effects of chemotherapy.
We found three RCTs that met our criteria. The three trials included a total of 866 adults (aged four to 55 years) with RP of all forms of genetic predisposition. One trial assessed the effect of vitamin A alone, one trial assessed DHA alone, and a third trial assessed vitamin A and DHA in a group of people with RP who did not already have RP. None of the trials used a placebo group, so there was a risk of bias in the results for all three of the studies. We did not perform a meta-analytic (combination of results) of the three trials due to differences in the types of people in the trials and the way they were treated. The trials did not measure the same outcome at the end of one year or five years of follow-up in any of the study groups. No adverse events were reported in these three trials. No trial reported a difference in the rate of loss of visual field or loss in the distance from the front of the field of vision at one year, or in the time from one year to five years after treatment. Based on the results of three randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials, there is no evidence for benefit of the use of VTA and/or DHA for treatment of RP in terms of the mean change in visual field and ERG amplitudes and other outcome measures from trials included in this review, in addition to previous cohort studies.
We found three RCTs with a total of 414 participants at risk of job loss. The majority of participants had IA, most with RA and to a lesser degree AS, and all had rheumatoid arthritis. The interventions aimed to prevent job loss and improve work functioning in several ways: firstly by evaluating work changes or changes in work, and in a second by providing any type of person-directed intervention, such as advice, advice or education. The duration or dose of the interventions ranged from just over one hour to six to eight hours of one-to-one sessions over five months, and from just one to eight sessions over six months, depending on the type of intervention. All participants were recruited through rheumetry clinics, both in or outside hospitals. We assessed the quality of the evidence using the GRADE approach and judged there to be very low quality evidence across the three reported outcomes. Of the larger one (n = 242) there was a large reduction in job loss in both groups, and the other RCT (n= 140) also showed a large effect, although the latter one probably had a high risk of bias and we judged it to be a high-risk of bias. The one RCT investigating work absenteeism found results at six months' follow-up. The same RCT also found that there was an improvement in work function at that time point. We found no adverse effects in the publications of the three trials. This Cochrane review found very low evidence that job loss prevention interventions have an effect on job loss, work absenceism and work function in the short-term (i.e. days missed at work) and long-term work functions in workers with inflammatory arthritis. While this review highlights that there is a need for more high quality research in this area, the results suggest that these strategies have potential to be effective.
We found three randomised studies that included a total of 285 preterm infants (140 of whom received arginine) from three countries. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. We found that the risk of developing NEC (any stage) was reduced in preterm neonates who received a single dose of intravenous (intravenous) intravenous infusion of the amino-glucosamine (gin) (arginine). The risk of death due to NEC or any cause was not increased in the group of preterm babies who had received intravenous intravenous treatment. The number of infants who developed NEC (stage 1 to stage 3) was lower in the intravenous group than in the control group. We assessed the quality of evidence from the three studies as good. We noted no significant side effects of the treatment, including low blood pressure or changes in blood glucose homeostasis. One of the studies did not provide information on adverse events (cerebral palsy, long-term brain damage, blindness or deafness) at 36 months of age. We are not able to draw conclusions about the best way to treat preterm preterm newborns who have not been born yet because of a lack of data. A large, well-conducted, multi-centre randomised controlled study that is focused on the incidence of NEC, particularly at more severe stages (stage 2 and 3), is required.
We found four randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials (RCTs) that compared INCS with placebo or no treatment for 15 or 21 days in 1943 adults with acute sinusitis. When we combined the results from the three RCTs, we found that people who received INCS were more than three times more likely to have their symptoms resolved or improved than those who received placebo (73% versus 66.4%). Higher doses of INCS had a stronger effect on improvement of symptoms or complete relief: for mometasone furoate 400 µg compared with 200 µg. There was no difference in the drop-out and recurrence rates for the treatment groups and for groups in which INCS was given at a higher dose. No major adverse events were reported and there was no overall increase in the risk of recurrence for the INCS group compared with the placebo group. The included trials were well-planned and well-conducted. The risk of bias was low in all four of the trials.
This review found that the use of prophylactic vancomycin reduced the incidence of both total neonatal nosocomial sepsis and coagulase negative staphylococcus aureus in eligible preterm infants. The number of deaths, length of stay in the neonatal ward, and the amount of evidence of harmful effects of the drug were not different in the two groups. There was not enough evidence to assess the risks of the risk of the development of antibiotic-resistant organisms in the nurseries involved in these trials. The methodologies of these trials may have contributed to the low rate of sepsise in the treated groups, as the blood cultures drawn from the central lines may have failed to grow due to the very low levels in the infusate.
This is an update of a Cochrane review first published in 2004. The search is up-to-date as of February 2013. We found 13 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) on the use of dressages or other treatments for wound healing after surgery. Fourteen reports of 13 RCTs were found. A plaster cast applied to an amputation stump was found to speed up wound healing compared with elastic compression. There were no differences in healing for other types of dressing (e.g. gauze, foam, alginate). Gauze caused more pain for patients than other dressings (4 trials) and patients were less satisfied with gauze. Gauze is inexpensive but its use is associated with more nursing time than foam (2 trials). Four trials showed no difference in length of time spent in hospital. One trial found that plaster casts reduced the length of hospital stay in people after amputation when plaster casts were used. The choice of dressing or dressing was not determined by chance but by chance alone.
We found 11 randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, and quasi-randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published from 1985 to 2014. A RCT is a type of study in which participants are assigned to one of two or more treatment groups using a method based on a method chosen by chance (i.e. a toss of a coin) to see which method is best. The evidence is up-to-date as of August 2014. Four of the RCTs were from the 1980s, four from 2005 to 2014, and three from the 1990s. Most of the trials did not show differences between the groups in the length of time women breastfed, the amount of breast milk they made, or the size of the breast milk. Breast milk was lower in the COC group than in the placebo group, e.g. at 16 weeks, 24 weeks, and 36 weeks of age. For breast milk volume, two of eight trials showed that breast milk was less than half that of that of the control group. A COC study showed that women who had a COC had less breast milk than those who had placebo at 75 days of age, but not at one year. For the other four trials, there was no difference between the study groups in milk volume or composition. Of four trials that assessed infant growth, three showed no differences between groups. One showed greater weight gain in the etonogestrel implant group compared with no method but less in the depot medroxyprogesterone acetate (DMPA) group from 6 to 12 weeks. The other showed greater growth in the implant group for six weeks but less than the DMPA group. The others did not report any difference. The quality of evidence was low for three of four placebo-based trials of COCs or POPs. The overall quality of the evidence was moderate for the other methods of birth control and low for the rest of the methods.
We found 10 studies from Australia, Singapore and the USA that looked at the impact of red-light cameras on total and other types of crash. Most of these studies did not adjust for the effects of RTM or spillover, which may have affected their results. We grouped them according to the extent to which they adjusted for regression to the mean (RTM) and spillover effects. We found that the risk of total and right-angle (spillover) crash was reduced by 50% and 90% in the three studies that partially adjusted for RTM, but not in the five that did not. The risk of right-angles (crashes at the front of the car at a right-angled point of the road) was also improved by the use of cameras, as was the rate of total crashes and the number of traffic deaths. However, these results are based on only a few, small, short-term, and not long-term studies, which means that the true effect of the cameras may be much, much greater. Red-light camera use is likely to be influenced by the play of chance.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 494 adults with a mean age of 18 years and a mean follow-up of 14 to 90 days. Three of the four RCTs compared warfarin given at a dose of 10 mg or 5 mg to that given at the same dose in patients with VTE aged 18 years or older. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. We found that a 10-mg dose was better than a 5 mg dose for achieving a therapeutic INR of 2.0 to 3.0 on the fifth day of treatment. No difference was found in the risk of recurrence of venous thromboembolism at 90 days with the use of a 10 mg dose compared with the 5mg dose. There was no difference between the doses in the number of patients with major or minor blood clots at 14 or 90 days, nor in the length of time spent in the hospital. The number of people who achieved a treatment-free INR with either dose was not sufficient to determine which dose was the best. The quality of evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. This was mainly due to differences in types of patients and length of the study.
We found that some of the models of enhanced care and care used in the trials may reduce the risk of delirium and reduce the length of time spent in hospital for people with dementia who have had a hip fracture. However, the quality of the evidence was low or very low, which means that we cannot be sure of these results. There were no data from any of the trials for our other main outcome, health-related quality of life, so we were not able to draw any conclusions. There was also low-certainty that, compared to orthopaedic-led management, geriatrician-led care may lead to a shorter length of stay in the hospital. We considered all trials to be at high risk of bias in more than one part of the way that they were carried out. This means that their results may not be reliable.
We found that home-based care was no better or worse than hospital care in terms of health, but there was a reduction in the length of time spent in hospital and improvement in some aspects of children's health. Home care was reported to be more costly for service providers with substantial cost savings for the family in two of the trials, while in one of the other trials there was no clear benefit for the health of the child or the family. There was improvement in parents' satisfaction with home care and improvements in child behaviour were reported in three of the studies. However, home care was not found to be any more or less likely to increase parental burden of care or to have an adverse effect on children's physical health.
We found 40 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing ICM with no ICM or with other types of care. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2016. We found that when ICM was compared with standard care, people spent an average of 0.86 days less time in hospital per month and were less likely to be admitted to hospital compared to people who were not ICM. People who were in ICM were more satisfied with the care they received and were more likely to leave early from the trial. People in the ICM group were also more satisfied that their care was based on the evidence-based theory of care known as the 'act of care' (ACT), which is based on a set of rules called the 'behavioural models' (the ACTs). People who received ICM may have been less affected by the risk of dying by suicide or from any cause than those in the non-ICM group. However, there was no difference between the groups in terms of the number of people who left the trial before the end of the trial and those who were found to be free of any harm. There was no evidence that ICM had a greater impact on people’s quality of life than other care groups. We also found that the more ICM adhered to the ACT model, the better it was at decreasing time spent in hospital, and that the higher the baseline hospital use in the population, the greater was the improvement in mental health. The quality of evidence was low or very low for all outcomes except for the effect of ICM on the rate of death by suicide, which was very low.
Twenty-five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 464 adult trainees (aged 18 years and above) were included in this review. All but one of the RCTs were at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions due to play of chance) and all but one trial had serious flaws in the way it was run. The trials compared box model training with no box model or cadaveric model training. All the 16 trials in this comparison used video trainers. There were 14 trials (382 adults) that looked at different types of box training. Fourteen trials (353 adults) looked at the same type of box trainee in the same group. All of the 14 trials compared different methods of box-training. The results showed that the time to complete the task was less in the box-trained group than in the control group. The time taken for the task to be completed was 0.48 seconds shorter in the group of trainees who had been trained by a box-trainer compared with the group that had not been trained. There was no difference in the time it took to perform the task in any of the other comparisons. The quality of the trials was not high, and it is not clear whether or not the results would be the same if the trainees had received no training. None of the secondary outcomes such as death or illness were reported in the trials when animal models were used for assessment of training, error in movements, and trainee quality of life. One trial (36 adults) found that when box training was done with a simple cardboard box trainer, trainees took three-tenths of a second less time to do the task than when they did it with the standard pelvic trainer. There appeared to be no difference between the two groups in the other three comparisons (reverse alignment compared with forward alignment box training, box trainer suturing compared with box training drills, and single incision compared with multiport box training). The one trial that measured accuracy score found that accuracy score was higher with Z-maze box training than U-mazes. One study (36 adult trainee) found a higher score for the combined score with a box training method (compared with no training) and a lower score with the same method with a different method of sutting compared with another method (box training). There were no differences in the number of times the trainee had to cut the incision or in the length of time taken to make the cut between the groups in any comparisons. No trial looked at death or complications from the surgery. The evidence is up to date as of July 2013. The findings of this review are uncertain due to the high risks of bias due to flaws in how the trials were run and the fact that there were not enough data to be sure of the accuracy of the results. Laparoscopy box training appears to reduce the time taken from the start of the procedure to the end of the surgery by about half a second in trainees with no previous laparoscopic surgery. There is no clear improvement in the amount of time it takes for the surgery to be done. The impact on patients and healthcare funders in terms of improved outcomes or decreased costs is not known.
This review found that the use of peroral glucocorticosteroids in the nasobiliary tube seems to cause severe side effects. There is not enough evidence to be able to draw any conclusions about the effectiveness of this treatment for patients with primary sclerosing cholangitis.
A total of 11 randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials (RCTs) were included in this review. Seven of the 11 trials (284 adults) were of parenteral versus ental nutrition (feeding through a vein) and five of the trials (207 adults) reported the risk of death. Three of the studies reported the number of people who were still alive at the end of the follow-up period. Two of the five trials provided information on death and disability. One trial compared gastric versus jejunal enteral nutrition and there were no deaths. The other trial did not report death and the RR was not estimable. This evidence is up to date as of March 2013. The results of this review suggest that early feeding may be associated with a trend towards better outcomes in terms of survival and adverse events. However, more research is needed to confirm this.
We found 57 randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, controlled trials (RCTs) that randomised a total of 34,390 adults (aged 18 years and over) to a range of digital or face-to-face interventions. The main sources of bias were from attrition and not being able to keep participants aware of whether they were in the control group. Forty-one RCTs (42 comparisons, 19,241 adults) provided data for the primary meta-analysis, which showed that people who received a digital intervention drank about three drinks less per week (about 3 UK units) than people who did not have an intervention. Fifteen studies (16 comparisons, 10,862 adults) showed that participants who had an intervention had less than one drinking day per month less than those who had no intervention, 15 of these showed about one binge drinking session less per month, and in 15 studies (9791 adults) participants drank one unit per occasion less than participants who were not in the intervention group. There was no difference in the amount of alcohol people drank at the end of follow up between the groups. Five studies (390 adults) looked at the impact of the interventions on alcohol consumption and found that there was no clear difference between them. The BCTs of goal-setting, problem-solve, information about antecedents, behaviour change and the use of a 'credible' source (such as a friend or relative) were found to be more likely to lead to a reduction in drinking than the control groups. The studies did not report whether there were any side-effects of the treatments. The quality of the included in this review ranged from moderate to low. The evidence is up to date as of March 2017. The most commonly used theory or model used in the studies was Motivational Interviewing Theory (7/20), Transtheoretical Model (6/20) and Social Norms Theory (6 of 20). Over half of the studies (21% of the total) made no mention of theory. Only two studies used the theory to select participants or tailor the treatment to the participant's needs. There is moderate-quality evidence that there is evidence that digital interventions may lead to an average reduction of up to three (UK) standard drinks per week in the number of people who drink alcohol per week compared to those who do not use the intervention. Substantial heterogeneity and risk of bias may mean that the reduction was less. Low-quality data from less than half the studies showed that there may be little or no differences in impact on the amount people drink alcohol between the digital and the other types of treatment.
We found 24 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 4233 participants, of which 2124 were randomised to benzodiazepine and 1475 to placebo. The remaining 634 participants were randomized to other active treatments in three-arm trials. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2018. We found that people with panic disorders who received benzodiazapine were more likely to respond to treatment (i.e. their symptoms improved) and to drop out of the study due to side effects when compared to those who received placebo. We also found that the dropout rate was lower in the group of people who were treated with benzodizepine. We assessed the quality of the evidence as low due to the lack of precision in the methods used and imprecision in the results. The quality of evidence was also very low for the other outcomes because of the small size of the studies and the fact that they were only short-term and did not look at the long-term effects of the drugs nor the risks of dependency and withdrawal symptoms. Due to these shortcomings, we are not able to draw any firm conclusions about the effectiveness and acceptability of these drugs. The choice of which drug to use should therefore be guided by the patient's preference and should balance benefits and harms from the drug in a long term perspective.
We found 13 randomised controlled trials (1520 adults) that compared tai chi with other forms of exercise to see if it reduced the risk of developing CVD (heart attack and stroke, stroke, heart failure and stroke) or any other type of CVD. Most studies were short term (no longer than one year) and had a high risk of bias (i.e. there was a risk of making the wrong decisions based on the way that people were put in the groups and that some of the results may not be true). There was a wide range of results for blood pressure, cholesterol, lipid levels, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) and triglycerides (a type of lipid which is a type of blood lipid that is high in the blood and is thought to be a cause of heart and blood vessel damage). There were no deaths from any cause, all-cause deaths or non-fatal events as most of the studies had a short follow-up of one year or less. Quality of life was measured in one trial: tai chi was found to improve quality of life at three months. None of the included trials reported on adverse events, costs or the occurrence of type 2 diabetes. There are no long-term, well-designed and well-conducted studies to answer the question of whether there is any effect of taichi on CVD risk factors. The evidence is up to date as of July 2013.
We found 27 RCTs that looked at the effect of a range of family-based programmes aimed at preventing children and teenagers from starting to smoke. The interventions were very different from each other in terms of the type of family, the other risk behaviours targeted, the age of the children at the start of the study and the length of follow-up of the programmes. Most of the studies were from the USA, but some were from Europe, one from Australia and one from India. We were able to combine the results from nine studies (4810 participants) that could be pooled, but we were not able to do this in a way that allowed us to pool the results. We found that children who had been in the intervention groups were less likely to start to smoke than those in the control groups. Based on this, we would expect that out of 1000 people who had not smoked at the end of the first year, there would be between 16 and 32 fewer children who would become smokers if they were in the group in which the intervention was compared to those in which there was no intervention. However, we could not be sure of this estimate because we did not have all the data from all the studies. There were more studies of high intensity programmes than there were of other types of programmes. We did not find any evidence that the intervention had an effect on children who were not already smokers. There was no difference in the number of children who quit smoking in the groups in which some of the participants had already smoked. We also found no differences in the proportion of those who had already been in a school 'good behaviour' or 'no intervention' group between the groups. Most studies had a judgement of 'unclear' for at least one risk of bias criteria, so the quality of evidence was down graded from high to moderate. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found three randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 453 adult cancer and non-small cell lung cancer patients. Two of the RCTs used dexamethasone, and one used chlorpromazine, metoclopramide, tropisetron, and other corticostimulant drugs. The number of participants in the studies ranged from 51 to 280. We found that people in the corticosteroid group had less nausea (measured on a scale of 0 to 10, with a lower score indicating less nausea) than those in the placebo group at eight days, but the difference was not significant. There was no difference between the groups in terms of the frequency of side effects. We did not find any evidence that any of the treatments were more or less safe than the other. The quality of the evidence was very low due to imprecision, small size, and limitations in the methods used in the trials.
We included 10 RCTs of high-risk and low-risk children (n = 1345) with a range of ages from birth to 18 years of age. Three of the studies were in children with HIV infection, four in patients with cystic fibrosis and one in each sickle cell disease, cancer and low birth weight neonates with lung disease. The length of follow-up ranged from seven days to three years. The evidence is up to date as of March 2017. In HIV-infected children, there was no clear reduction in the risk of lung tuberculosis with the use of isoniazid or co-trimoxazole prophylaxis. There was no difference in the number of children who died from any cause. In the one study of children with sickle cells disease, a lower risk of pneumococcal septicaemia was reported with penicillin V treatment. In one of the children with cancer, a greater risk of pneumonia was found in children who received penicillium. There were no differences in the numbers of children admitted to hospital due to pneumonia or in the rates of side-effects due to antibiotics. We were not able to assess quality of life due to the lack of data in two studies. In three of the 10 studies, we found that there was an increased risk of emergence of pathogenic strains of bacteria with either azithromycin or ciprofloxacin. However, we did not find an increase in the rate of antibiotic resistance in the studies that did assess this. The quality of the evidence from the included in this review ranged from moderate to high.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 519 adults (aged 18 years and above) who had had abdominal surgery for any type of surgery. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2018. Three of the nine RCTs were at low risk of bias (i.e. there was no chance of arriving at wrong conclusions due to play of chance) and none of the studies was at high risk of systematic error (ie, there was a chance of making the wrong decisions based on the way that the study was run and run was not well run). The other trials were at moderate risk of random error (that is, there were too few people in each group to be sure that one group was better than the other) and did not state the number of people in the groups. We were not able to draw conclusions about the safety of nitrous oxide, helium, or room air in the first postoperative day after surgery due to the very low quality of the evidence. There was no evidence to show that any of the three gases had an effect on cardiopulmonary (blood in the lungs) or pain (pain on a scale of 1 to 10 with lower numbers indicating less pain) complications. There were no serious adverse events (such as stroke, heart attack, stroke, or stroke-like symptoms) or complications related to the use of room air. One trial compared room air to carbon dioxide (oxygen in the blood) and found that room air may decrease the cost of the surgery by about one-tenth of that of carbon dioxide. However, the quality of evidence was very low, and we were unable to draw any conclusion about the risk of harm due to using room air or carbon dioxide in the same way as the other gases. One of the included studies did not report the numbers of participants in each of the groups, so it is not clear how many participants there were in each treatment group. The other four trials did not give information about how many people were in the treatment groups, and so we could not be certain that there were no harms due to use of the gases. We could not combine the results from the trials (140 adults) which showed that people had less pain with room air than with carbon dioxide at some time points on the first day after the surgery, but we were very uncertain about this result. We found no difference in the pain scores between the two groups. One study reported that people who received room air had less hospital costs and less pain than people who had received carbon dioxide, but the evidence was of very low or low quality. We are not confident that the results are valid as there were only a few participants and the results were imprecise. More research is needed on this topic.
We found 14 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) investigating dexamethasone in preterm infants. Eight RCTs compared a high versus a low dose of corticosteroid and five compared a low versus a moderate dose. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2014. Analysis of the eight studies comparing a high and a low-dosage dose showed that there was an increased risk of BPD when the high dose was compared with the low dose. However, there was no difference between the two groups in terms of the number of infants who developed a brain abnormality. Four other studies compared a higher dose with a lower dose and found no difference in the risk of death or BPD. The two trials that looked at the use of pulse therapy (where corticostoids are given in the first few weeks of life) showed that the pulse therapy was no better or worse than the lower dose in preventing BPD than the usual dose. Two other trials looked at whether there was a greater risk of developing BPD if the corticotrophins were started too soon or too late. There was no evidence of a difference in BPD or brain problems between the groups. The quality of evidence for all of the comparisons was assessed as low or very low, due to differences in the size of the studies and the way in which they were done. Also, there were differences between the studies in the way they were designed and performed. Therefore, we were not able to draw conclusions about the best dose, type, or timing of treatment for preterm preterm babies with BPD based on the evidence.
The aim of this review was to assess the effectiveness of corticosteroids compared with aspirin (acetaminophen) in reducing the risk of heart valve lesions in patients with rheumatic fever. Eight trials with 996 adults were included in the review. The age of most of the trials was old (1950 to 1965) and there was a high risk of bias, so results should be viewed with caution. There was no evidence that corticotrophins, cortisone, hydrocortisone or dexamethasone were better than aspirin for the prevention of heart disease after one year. Adverse events were not well reported in any of the studies. More research is needed in this area.
We found six randomised studies with a total of 12,294 adults and children from 79 communities in Africa. Two of the studies found that insecticide spray reduced the incidence of trachoma by at least 55% to 61% when used as a fly control measure. However, this was not shown in another study that used insecticides. One study found that the use of latrine provision reduced the number of flies that live in the latrine by 29.5% compared to no intervention, but this result has not been confirmed by a more recent study. Health education was shown to be an effective method of controlling flies in one of the trials, but it was not found to be effective in the other trials. All the studies have some flaws in the way they were carried out.
We found 15 randomised, double-blind, quasi-randomised and quasi-trials (RCTs) of CBT in 1043 adults with CFS. CBT was found to be effective in reducing the symptoms of fatigue at post-treatment compared with usual care, and may be more than twice as good as other psychosocial treatments. However, the evidence base at follow-up was small and inconsistent. There is a lack of information on whether CBT is better or worse than other treatments.
We found one randomised controlled trial (a type of study in which people are put into one of two or more treatment groups at random) with a total of 46 adults and children with sickle cell disease (HbSS, HbSC, HSBS and HSBS) aged 18 to 65 years of age. The participants were randomised to receive either vitamin D3 (cholecalciferol) (n = 20) or a fake medicine (placebo) for six weeks and were followed up to six months. Only 25 of the people in the placebo group completed the full six months of follow up. We found that the vitamin D group had higher serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) levels at eight weeks, at 16 weeks and at 24 weeks. There was no difference between the groups in terms of pain days (days with more than one day of pain in a row) but there was a higher risk of tingling of lips and hands in the group that took the medicine, but this was not significant at the end of eight weeks. The quality of the evidence was low for the quality of health-related quality of life and for the number of days with no pain days. However, there was some improvement in these scores at both 16 and 24 weeks of the study. The study did not have a high risk of bias in the way it was done, but it had a high dropout rate (high dropout in the fake medicine group) and a high number of people who dropped out of the treatment group. Therefore, we judged the evidence to be of low quality. There is a need for well-designed, randomised, placebo-controlled studies to determine the effects and the safety of the use of vitamin D in the long-term care of both in adults and in children and in the short-term in order to guide the care of people with sickled cell disease. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2016.
We found only one randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial (RCT) comparing the Nuffield Dyspraxia Programme-3 (NDP-3) and the Rapid Syllable Transitions Treatment (ReST) in 26 4- to 12-year-old boys and girls, aged 4 to 12 years, with mild to moderate CAS of unknown cause. Treatments were provided in one-hour sessions, four days a week for three weeks, in a university clinic in Australia. Speech and language pathologist-led speech and language therapy was delivered in the English language. The RCT was funded by the Australian Research Council, the University of Sydney, the Douglas and Lola Douglas Scholarship on Child and Adolescent Health, Nadia Verrall, and a James Kentley Memorial Fellowship. Results showed that both the NDP-3 and ReST improved the accuracy of speech production on treated and non-treatable words, as well as the quality of connected speech, at one month after the end of treatment. There was no difference between the groups in the number of children who had returned to their usual therapy at four months post-treatment, but we cannot be sure of this due to imprecision of the evidence due to only one RCT with a high risk of bias. We are not able to say whether one of the treatments is better than the other due to the lack of evidence. The study did not assess the impact of the interventions on the children's ability to communicate. There is a need for more RCTs in other age ranges and in other populations with CAS and with co-occurring disorders.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 268 adults and children with toxoplasma retinochoroiditis of any part of the retina. All four of these RCTs were conducted in the USA, UK, Brazil, and Brazil. One RCT was from Brazil and was judged to be at high risk of bias due to poor reporting. The other three were from the UK and were judged to have a mixture of low and high risks of bias, which means that their results may not be as good as they could be. One study in Brazil compared trimethoprim-sulfamexacocol over 20 months to no treatment. In this study all participants had active toxoplasmoiditis and had been treated for 45 days prior to randomising to either the antibiotic group or the control group. In the UK study pyrimethamine-trisulfapyrimidine for eight weeks was used to treat the inflammation in the eye and the other three studies used antibiotics to treat inflammation in both the eyes and the brain. One of the three UK and one UK-based RCT in adults and one US-based study in adults both in children and in the brain used antibiotics for four weeks. In all four studies antibiotics were given by mouth. There is currently no good evidence that the use of antibiotics leads to any benefit in terms of improvement in eye acuity, but there is also no evidence that this leads to a reduction in the risk of recurrence of retinitis. Two studies (UK and US) reported an increased risk of adverse events in treated participants. These were a fall in haemoglobin, leucocyte, platelet count, nausea, loss of appetite, rash, and arthralgia. We judged the quality of evidence to be low or very low for all of the outcomes due to lack of detail in the way that the studies were done and the way in which they were conducted.
We found 43 randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, multi-centre and quasi-trials (RCTs) of various types of nail compared with different types of hip screws or plates in a search of the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's database in May 2013. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2014. Twenty-two trials (3749 participants) compared the Gamma nail with the sliding hip screw (SHS). The SHS was found to have a lower complication rate than the intramedullary nail. There was no difference between the two types of implants in wound infection, death, or in the length of time spent in hospital. Five trials (623 participants) looked at the same type of nail (the intrameloid hip screw) and found that the SHS had a greater number of fractures and required more surgery. However, there was no evidence that either of these types of implant was better than the other. None of the 10 trials (1491 participants) that looked at other nail types compared with extrameloids in people with trochanteric (at the top of the bone) fractures showed that there were differences between them. There were also no trials looking at other types of nails for people with more than one type of bone fracture. Two trials (65 participants) found that intameloid nails had less fracture problems than fixed nail plates for fractures in the bone at the level of the foot. Three trials (394 participants) showed no difference in the number of patients who had to whom surgery was required for the same bone fracture, reoperation, wound infection and length of hospital stay for either the proximal femoral nail (PFN) or the hip screw. With its less complication rate, and absence of results showing that the PFN was any better than other implants, the SHH seems to be the better choice for this type of fracture.
We found only one randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial comparing palliative surgery and surgery to treat bowel blockage in women with ovarian cancer. This trial found that women who received surgery were more than twice as likely to live for at least three years after surgery than those who were given a drug called Octreotide to clear the blockage, but the size of this effect was not clear. There was no information about quality of life or side-effects of the surgery. We are not able to draw conclusions about the benefits and harms of the different forms of surgery, or to identify sub-groups of women who are more or less likely to benefit from one form of surgery or the other. However, there is evidence in support of surgery to prolong survival.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 244 women with PCOS receiving 12 weeks or 6 weeks of treatment. Two RCTs (184 women randomised) looked at the effect of simvastatin and one RCT (60 patients) studied the effects of atorvastat. There was no good evidence that statins improved menstrual regularity, spontaneous ovulation rate, hirsutism or acne, when used alone or in combination with the combined oral contraceptive pill (OCP). Nor was there any improvement in body mass index (BMI) or body fat (kg/m²). Statins were found to be effective in lowering testosterone levels (mean difference (MD) 0.90/L, 95% CI -1.18 to -0.62, P < 0.00001, 3 trials, 105 women) when used either alone or with the OCP. Statins improved lipid levels (lipids are fat-lowering drugs that decrease cholesterol) and lipid levels in the blood (blood lipids are the building blocks of blood fat) but had no effect on high-density lipoprotein (HDL) levels, high sensitivity (HS) C-reactive protein (HS-CRP), fasting insulin or homeostatic model assessment (HOMA) insulin resistance. No serious adverse events were reported in any of the included studies. There is a need for further research to be performed with large sample sizes and well-designed randomised trials to assess the effectiveness and safety of statins.
We found no new randomised controlled trials for this review. We found only observational data from one-arm studies of women treated with either formalin-soaked packs, radiotherapy or other palliative treatments for vaginal bleeding in women with cervical cancer. There is not enough evidence from randomised trials to support or refute the use of any of the treatments compared with radiotherapy. The choice of treatment will be based on local resources. Radiotherapies are not available in many parts of the world, where advanced cases of cervical cancer are most common.
This review found that temozolomide increased the time to death from the tumour and the time taken for it to spread to the brain (time to progression) in patients with a total of 745 tumours in the brain that had not been surgically resected from the brain. It did not increase the risk of dying from any of the tumours but it did increase the time it took for them to progress to the next stage of disease. In patients with recurrent glioblastoma multiforme (HGG) there was no difference in the length of time patients were alive when they were treated with either radiotherapy alone or in combination with radiotherapy. In the HGG that had been resectioned it was not possible to tell whether or not patients were still alive at the end of treatment. In people with recurrent GBM, when given in both the initial and later phases of the treatment, patients lived longer and had a longer time to die from their tumour when compared with those who were given standard chemotherapy alone. There was no improvement on QoL but there were more side effect events. In elderly patients, patients who were treated alone had a shorter time to live and were more likely to have side effects than those who received the same type of treatment in terms of OS and PFS.
We found that there is low quality evidence that contracting-in may improve health care access and use of health care services, and that training health care managers in the field may improve their performance. However, there is no evidence that either of these methods is effective in all settings. Other ways of retaining health care staff (e.g., in-service workshops with on-site support) and other ways of hiring and re-hiring health care providers have not been studied.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 123 people. All three RCTs compared surgery with non-surgical treatment (no surgery) for people who had chest pain, chest deformity, and tracheostomy (tricyclic resection of the airways) in people who were critically ill. There was no clear difference in the risk of death between the treatment groups, but the sample size was too low to be sure of this. People who had surgery were less likely to have pneumonia, had a smaller chest, and had a shorter time on a ventilator. There were no reports of any side effects of surgery. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. More well-designed, large, and well-conducted, studies are needed to confirm these results and to find out if there is any effect of surgery on death.
We found 50 trials (19 RCTs and 31 before-and-after trials) with 12,877 participants who had their LDL and triglycerides (a type of lipid that is a by-product of blood lipids) measured. The participants were of any age with and without heart disease and the trials were of three to 12 weeks in length. We found that cerivastatin was about 250-fold more potent than fluvastatin, 20-fold greater than atorvastin and 5.5-fold better than rosuvastat at the reduction of LDL and total and triglyceride levels. It was about 125-fold less potent than the other drugs in the class of drugs that are used to treat high blood lipid levels. There was no reduction in the amount of HDL (cholesterolemia, a type of fat in the blood that helps to keep the blood clear of cholesterol) with the use of cotrimoxazole (a drug that lowers cholesterol). There was a high risk of bias for the number of people who dropped out of the trials due to side effects, but a low risk for the lipid measurements. Withdrawals due to adverse effects were not different in 11 of 19 of these short-term trials. We judged the certainty of evidence for these effects to be high.
We included 28 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 6851 patients in this review. The evidence is up to date as of March 2014. The studies compared remote ischaemic preconditioning by iliac clamping to control (no clamped cuff) in patients who had heart or vascular surgery for any type of heart or blood vessel blockage. We found that there was little or no difference in serum creatinine levels, the need for dialysis, the length of time spent in hospital, the risk of death, or in the incidence of an injury to the kidney caused by the ischaemia. It is not clear whether the clamping of the cuff leads to more side effects compared to no clamping because the certainty of the evidence is low. There was no difference between the two groups in terms of the number of people who had any side effects. The risk of serious side effects occurred in four patients in the group that had a clamp placed on the cuff and in one patient in the control group. The quality of evidence was high for all of the outcomes. We rated the quality of the available evidence as high for the outcomes of kidney injury, need for surgery, length of hospital stay, death, and in the rate of acute kidney injury. We judged the evidence for the other outcomes to be of moderate to high quality. This means that further research is very likely to have an effect on our results and may change them.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 703 adults with a mean age of over 60 years of age who had had had a stroke of at least one year. Eight of the 12 RCTs looked at the effect of treatments to treat PSF: fluoxetine, an antiepileptic drug, and a range of other drugs and non-drug treatments, such as a combination of Chinese herbs and a stress-reduction programme. The results showed that PSF was lower in people who received these treatments than in those who did not. There was no evidence that any of the drugs or other treatments were effective in reducing fatigue after stroke. Four trials (248 adults) looked at treatments to reduce fatigue but other symptoms after stroke, but none of these showed any benefit. There is not enough evidence to say whether any of these treatments are safe or whether they are helpful in the long term. Trials to date have been small and heterogeneous, and some have had a high risk of bias, which means that their results may not be the same as they should be.
We found three randomised trials, enrolling 74 preterm infants (outcome data available on 71 infants), that compared the use of insulin and glucose with rectal cation-resin in preterm preterm babies. All three trials were very small and could not be blinded to the clinical staff. One study (Malone 1991) showed that the combination of glucose and insulin was superior to rectal resin for all cause deaths. In the other two trials (Hu 1999 and Hu 1999) the risk of haemorrhage in the brain was reduced by 50% and the risk was similar between the two groups. In one of the studies (Hu 2000) there was no evidence of a difference in serum K+ from baseline to eight hours after the start of treatment. The other trials (Singh 2002) did not show that there was a difference between the treatment groups in any of the other outcomes. No serious side effects were noted with either the treatment group or the control group. It is not possible to draw conclusions about the effectiveness of other interventions for non-oliguric hyperkalaemia (diuretics, exchange transfusion, peritoneal dialysis and calcium) as no trials have been done to date.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials comparing IVIg with PE in a total of 623 children and adults. The evidence is up to date as of July 2013. In five trials with 536 children, the mean change in the severity of disability after four weeks was not different between the two treatments. There were also no differences in the other measures considered. Three of the trials, with a combined total of 75 children, showed that IVIG probably hastens recovery as much as PE. Also, giving intravenous immunoglobulin after PE did not seem to add any more benefit than PE alone. Adverse events were not significantly more frequent with either of the treatments but children who had IVI g were more than twice as likely to be completed than those who had PE. One trial in altogether 51 children showed no difference when the IVG dose was given over two days rather than five days. A previous Cochrane review has shown that PE hastens the recovery of people with cystic fibrotic syndrome compared with supportive care alone. There are no trials in adults, but this review shows that, in patients with severe disease, intravenous infusion of intravenous treatment accelerated the recovery just as much or more than PE. In children, according to low- to moderate-quality evidence, IVIs are probably faster than PEs. More research is needed in mild disease and in patients whose treatment starts more than one week after the onset of disease.
We included 28 randomised controlled trials (9330 adults and children) in this review. In 21 of the trials, 7597 adults and girls were randomly assigned to a high or a low fraction of inspired oxygen, and in five of these, participants were assigned to both a high and a routine fraction of oxygen. We found that the risk of death from any cause was not increased by the use of a high fraction of 'high' (i.e. above 60%) or 'rutal' (less than 60%) fraction of air in the first 30 days after surgery. We did not find evidence that a high amount of air was linked to an increased risk of dying. The risk of serious adverse events, including death, was not decreased by a high percentage of air during surgery. There was no difference in the number of people who had respiratory insufficiency (low oxygen levels in the blood), or in the length of time spent in hospital. In addition, there was no evidence of an increase in surgical site infections when a high proportion of oxygen was used. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all of the main outcomes. This means that we are uncertain about the accuracy of the results and that further large, well-designed, long-term studies are likely to have an impact on our conclusions.
We found 25 randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind trials (studies in which people are assigned to one of two or more treatment groups using a method called a random method) involving 3258 children up to 16 years of age with OME. The evidence is up to date as of March 2014. We found that children treated with antibiotics were more than twice as likely to have their OME resolved by the end of six months compared to those who were not treated. However, we also found that these children were more likely to get sick (diarrhoea, vomiting and skin rash) and to have a short-term loss of hearing. We did not find any difference in the risk of needing to use a ventilator (ventilator is a tube that is placed in the ear to allow air to reach the affected part of the ear) or in the number of episodes of acute otitis media (when the ear is cut open) within four to eight weeks after the start of the trial. We also found no difference between groups in terms of other outcomes such as speech, language and language development or quality of life. Overall, we assessed most of the studies to be at low to moderate risk of bias, which means that there is less chance of arriving at wrong conclusions because of the way in which the studies were done. The overall quality of evidence was moderate to low. This means that we are reasonably sure that the results are likely to be close to the truth but there is a chance that there may be some errors in the way that some of the results may not be true.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at people with both type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus who had been on a low protein diet for at least six months. The results show that reducing the amount of protein in the blood of patients with type 1 or type 2 diabetics may slow the rate of decline of the glomerular filtration rate (a part of the kidney that helps to keep the blood from leaking out and clotting of the blood cells) but not significantly so. For type 2 patients, one of the RCTs showed a very small decrease in the decline of GFR in the protein-restricted group and the other found a similar decline in both the group on protein restriction and the control group. We found no data on the effects of LPDs on health-related quality of life and costs.
We found 19 studies involving 3480 adults with ABI in a search of the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's database up to July 2013. Most of the people in the studies had a mild brain injury, ranging in severity from mild to very severe. In the subgroup of people with mild brain injuries, we found that most people made a good recovery when the right type of care was given, and there was no need for any more treatment. For people with a moderate to severe brain injury who were already in hospital, intensive rehabilitation programmes led to improvements in function earlier than those who were still in hospital. For those who had been in hospital for less than 24 hours, intensive treatment led to gains in function that could be maintained whilst still in emergency and acute care. For patients who were discharged from hospital, they were able to use out-patient or community-based services that were appropriate to their needs. We found that people who had received intensive treatment in hospital were more likely to make gains in their ability to do their own tasks and return to work sooner than people who received intensive care in the first few weeks after the injury. The balance between the need for intensive treatment and the value for money in terms of reducing costs has yet to be found. We also found that group-based rehabilitation, in which patients are part of a group of people who share the burden of the problems they have suffered from the brain, is an effective treatment for people with severe brain injuries. Not all questions in rehabilitation can be addressed by randomised controlled trials or other trials. For example, trial-based literature does not tell us which treatments work best for which patients over the long term, and which models of care are best for life-long care. In future, trials will need to be conducted in the context of clinical practice.
We found one randomised trial (involving 176 women) comparing full mother-infant rooming-in versus full infant-separate care. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. We found no difference between the groups in terms of the duration of any breastfeed and the percentage of infants that were breastfed exclusively at six months of age. The rate of exclusive breastfeeding on day four postpartum (the first day after birth) was significantly higher in the group that was roomed-in compared with the group in which the infant was breastfed on its own. The mean number of breastfeeds per day was 8.3 for the group of mothers who were roomed in, which was 8 times per day more than for those who were in the separate care group. There was no difference found in the proportion of infants who were still breastfed by the time of discharge from hospital six months after birth. None of our other pre-specified secondary outcomes were reported. The quality of the evidence was low because of issues with the way the trial was conducted and the fact that the number of infants in the study was too small to allow us to draw conclusions about the best way to care for a newborn in hospital. Further well-designed RCTs are required.
We found eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing sanchi with no treatment in 660 people with stroke. The number of people who were dead or dependent at the end of 28 days of treatment was less than half that of the control group. The total case fatality rate was lower than 1% indicating that most of the participants had had mild strokes. Few adverse events were reported. Data were limited in respect of stroke recurrence and quality of life. More well-designed RCTs are needed.
The aim of this Cochrane review was to assess the advantages and harms of immediate, immediate-delayed or long-term use of these types of implants. The Cochrane Cochrane Oral Health Group carried out a wide search for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing the use of any of the three types of implant in people who had just had their wisdom teeth taken out. The evidence is up to date as of March 2013. Four RCTs were found that looked at the time taken for the perimplant to be placed in the socket and the amount of time it took for the teeth to fill with the implant. Two of these trials found no difference between the groups. One RCT found that after 2 years patients in the group that had the implant placed in soon after the teeth had been taken out felt that the time for the tooth to fill was longer, were more satisfied and had a lower level of gum between the tooth and the tooth next to it in relation to that of the adjacent teeth. However, there were more problems with the implants 5 years after the implant was put in and these problems occurred more often in the immediate group. One trial found that there was no difference in the number of patients who had problems when the implants were placed in when placed in immediately (2 years) or when they were put in for 2 years later (3 years). Three trials looked at different types of bone grafting for the immediate use of the implant and found no differences between them when it came to whether the bone came from the tooth or not (1 trial with 26 patients) or which was the best method of adding bone to the socket (2 trials with 56 patients). There is not enough evidence to say whether any of these methods is better or worse than the others.
We found that clioquinol was no more or less effective than a dummy drug (placebo) in people with mild Alzheimer's dementia. There was no difference between the two groups in terms of the number of people who were able to do tasks that could be done on their own and in the amount of time it took them to do them. However, there was some improvement in some of the tests that are used to assess how well people can do tasks. The drug did not seem to cause any side effects. There is a lack of information about the long-term effects of this drug in patients with Alzheimer's. It is not possible to draw any conclusions about its effect on the risk of death from any cause. The only side effect that we could find was a short-term loss of vision in one of the treatment groups. This may have been due to the drug. We have some concerns about the quality of the study methodology; there was an imbalance in treatment and control groups after randomisation (participants in the treatment group had a greater mean pre-morbid IQ than those in the placebo group) and the way that results were analysed. The planned phase III trial of PBT1 has been abandoned and this drug is no longer in development. The second study was more rigorously conducted and showed that after 12 weeks this drug was well-tolerised and had a favourable safety profile.
We found 36 randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials (studies in which people are assigned to one of two or more treatment groups using a random method) with a total of 2999 adults and children. All of the trials were conducted for 14 weeks on average, with some as long as 12 months. Nineteen trials compared PDE5 inhibitors to placebo in those with group 1 PAH. We found that those with PAH treated with PDE inhibitors were more than twice as likely to improve their WHO functional class (i.e. how far they could walk in six to eight weeks) and were 22% less likely to die compared to those who were treated with placebo. The number needed to treat to prevent one additional death was 32 people. There was an increased risk of adverse events, such as headache, stomach upset and flush, and muscle aches and joint pains, but there was no difference in the risk of death. In those with PH due to lung disease, there was a small improvement of 27 metres in 6MWD in those treated with a PDE inhibitor compared to placebo, and those with lung disease were able to walk further than those on placebo. There were no differences in the number of deaths or in the severity of hypoxia between those on PDE and those on other PAH-specific drugs (endothelin agonists and endothelin-receptor agonists). There was limited information on other types of PAH drugs. There is a need for further research in this area. Sildenafil, tadalafil and vardenafil are all efficacious in this group of patients. The quality of evidence was low or very low due to imprecision of effect and inconsistency across the trials.
We found 22 trials involving a total of 2193 adults who had received regional anaesthesia for hand, wrist, forearm or elbow surgery. The evidence is up to date as of July 2014. The review found that the number of times a patient had to be put back into the anaesthetist's hands and feet after surgery was reduced by the use of a technique called neurostimulation. The number of patients who had tourniquet pain was increased when the surgery was performed on the same arm but not on the other. There was no difference in the time taken for the surgery to be done or the time it took for patients to be ready for surgery. However, there was not enough evidence to draw any conclusions about differences in other outcomes, including safety. The quality of evidence was high for all of the main outcomes. The main weaknesses were in the methods used in the trials and in the way that some of the results were reported.
We found three studies that used beclomethasone 200 mcg twice a day in a dry powder called Diskhaler for 7-12 months to treat children with mild-moderate asthma. In all three studies, the growth rate of the child was reduced by half in all but one child in each of the three groups. The average decrease in growth rate was 1.54 cm per year in the group of children who were not on steroids and the group who were on steroids. These studies lasted a maximum of 54 weeks, so it is not clear whether the reduction in growth is sustained or whether it reverses with 'catch up' after treatment is stopped. We are not able to comment on growth effects of other inhaled steroids that have less systemic adverse events. If inhaled corticostimulants are required to control a child's asthma, we recommend using the minimum dose that controls the child's airways and monitoring growth closely.
This review found that APD was no more or less safe than CAPD in terms of mortality, risk of peritonitis, need for dialysis catheters to be re-inserted, hernias, fluid leaks, removal of the catheter and admission to hospital. However, patients on APD had more time for work, family and other social activities than those on CAPD.
This review found that CRT was superior to RT in terms of OS, PFS and SM in patients with early stage (I-II) HD. For advanced stages (III to IV) HD, CRT seems to be better than CT but CT alone seems to cause less SM. Excess SM with RT is due mainly to ST and is apparently caused by greater need for salvage therapy after RT.  RT alone gives a higher overall SM risk than CRT due to increased need for surgery. IF-RT instead of EF-RT could not be shown to reduce SM risk.
We found 26 randomised, double-blind, cross-over, multi-centre, long-term studies with a total of 4893 participants. Opioids were taken by mouth, transdermal, or through a vein (known as a vein wall). All three ways of giving the drugs resulted in a reduction in pain, but the amount of pain relief was not the same in all of them. Many patients stopped taking the drugs due to side effects (22.9%, 22.3%, 10.3% and 7.6%, respectively) and stopped due to pain relief (8.1%, 12.1% and 8.9%), but those who were able to continue to take the drugs for a long time were found to have less pain than those who stopped because of side effects or pain relief. The risk of developing a drug addiction (addiction) was 0.27% in 0.7% of people who took the drugs, but it was rare in the other 0.2% of those who took them. We were not able to draw conclusions about the effect of the drugs on quality of life or function due to the lack of data.
We found only one study with a total of 212 adults with spinal cord injury and open pressure ulcers. The participants were mainly male (98.2%, 106/108) with a mean age of 58.4 and a mean of 57.3 years in the oxandrolone group and all male (100%, 104/104) with an age of around 58.3 in the placebo group. The evidence is up to date as of March 2017. The study was funded by the manufacturer of the anabolic steroids. The review found that the use of anabolic corticosteroids did not improve the healing of ulcers, but may have increased the risk of serious adverse events. There was no improvement in pain, length of time spent in hospital, change in wound size or wound surface area, incidence of different type of infection, cost of treatment and quality of life. The quality of the evidence was very low. Further well-designed, multicenter trials, at low risk of bias, are required.
We found six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 8372 adults and children. Four of the six RCTs compared the use of email to standard mail and the other compared email to usual care. All trials were judged to be at high risk of bias for at least one aspect of their design. For the primary health service outcome of uptake of preventive screening, there was no difference between email and standard mail. Results were not clear for patient or caregiver behaviours and actions. For patient health status and well-being, no differences were found between the groups. No data were found for healthcare professionals or harms. The quality of the evidence was weak, and the available trials were too few to be able to draw conclusions about the value of email for health care. More research needs to use high-quality study designs that take advantage of the most recent developments in information technology, with consideration of the complexity of email as an intervention.
We found 11 randomised and quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of the Epley manoeuvre involving 855 patients. Nine studies used post-Epley postural restrictions as their modification of the manoeuvre. There was no evidence of a difference in the results for post-treatment vertigo intensity or for the quality of evidence for any of the outcomes. Pooled data showed that there was a small improvement in the rate at which vertigo was reduced from a positive to a negative Dix-Hallpike test in the group of patients who had the postural restriction applied compared to the group that did not. No serious side-effects were found, but there were some minor side effects such as neck stiffness, horizontal BPPV, dizziness and disequilibrium in some patients. No adverse effects were found with mastoid oscillation, or with the use of additional steps in an 'augmented' form of the same manoeuvre (called an 'elevation' or'step' in this case involving the back of the neck).
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 231 adults (aged 18 years and over) with nasal polyps (chronic rhinosinusitis or rhinitis of the nose or sinus or both) aged 18 years or over. The evidence is up to date as of March 2014. The four RCTs compared three types of surgery: sinus surgery, polypectomy (surgery to open up the nose and remove the polyps) and endoscopy (surgical surgery to open the polyp and take out the polyposis). All of the people in each group received a type of steroid medicine (antibiotics or steroids) and all of them received the same dose and type of medicine, but in one of the studies the medicine was given in a higher dose than the medicine given to the surgery group. Two of the four studies were at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way that the study was done). The other two were at low risk of being at risk of a bias (there was a possibility of arriving at the wrong conclusions by chance, but there was no evidence of bias in any of the other aspects of the study methods). The results were the same for all of the measures of quality of life that we looked at. We did not find that one type of surgery was better than any other in terms of patient-reported symptom scores or the health-based measures that we use to measure this. There was no difference between the groups in the numbers of adults who were able to walk and those who could not walk. There were no differences in the results for any measures that are used to assess the smell of the nasal polyp in those studies in which they were measured. Complications Complications were not reported in all studies, but rates of up to 21% for medical treatment and 14.3% for surgery were described. Epistaxis was the most common complication with both types of treatment, with severe complications reported rarely. Overall, the quality of the evidence was very low. The quality of evidence was low or very low for all comparisons. As the overall evidence is of very low quality, we are not able to draw firm conclusions about which is the best way to treat adults with chronic rhino-nose polyps in the short-term and long-term.
We found eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared foods fortified with zinc to foods that did not have zinc added to them (called unfortified foods). The trials were from middle- and low-income countries in Africa, Asia, Africa, Europe, and Latin America, and lasted from one to nine months. Four trials compared the effect of zinc-fortified staple foods with unfortify foods (comparison 1), and four compared foods added to foods with other nutrients/factors with the same foods containing other nutrients or factors or with foods that had not been fortified. None of the studies in comparison 1 reported data on the risk of underweight or stunting. We found that foods with zinc were more likely to have low levels of zinc in the blood than foods with no added zinc. However, we did not find that there was a difference in the number of children who were underweight and those who were at risk of being stunted. There was no evidence that the addition of zinc to iron or other micronutrients had an effect on iron or copper levels or on haematological (blood tests that measure the amount of iron and other iron and copper in the body). We did not identify any adverse events related to the use of zinc fortified foods. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low or very low for most of the outcomes. This means that we are uncertain about the results.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 3060 men with prostate cancer. All men had prostate cancer that had spread to other parts of the body (metastasies) and had spread from the prostate to the blood stream. Most of the men had advanced prostate cancer and had been in the prostate for more than 10 years. The average age of men in the RCTs was over 50 years and most of them were men in their late 50s. Most men had been diagnosed with metastatic prostate cancer (proliferative prostate cancer) more than a year after the end of treatment for prostate cancer, which means that they had not yet had their prostate cancer surgically resected (removal of the prostate from the pelvis) when they were recruited into the studies. Men who were treated with non-steroidal antiandrogens were less likely to die from prostate cancer than men who were given castration (surgery or medical or surgery to remove the prostate) at one year, 70 weeks and two years after treatment, as well as to stop the course of treatment due to side effects, such as breast pain, gynaecomastia (tiredness and tingling of the breasts), haemorrhage (blood loss), nocturia (fluid in the urine), tiredness and fatigue. The risk of other side effects such as hot flashes (feels like the skin is hot) and loss of sex drive (lack of interest in sex) was increased when men were used alone compared with castration. However, the risk of men discontinuing their prostate surgery because of side effects was decreased when non-strict surgery was used. We rated the quality of evidence for the effect on cancer-specific survival (time to death) as moderate. The quality of the evidence was downgraded due to imprecision and risk of bias.
We found eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at 600,000 women in the age range 39 to 74 years old who had been screened for breast cancer. We found that there was no difference in the risk of death from breast cancer or any cause after 13 years in the groups that were not screened. The risk of dying from any cause was 15% in the screened groups and in the group that was screened. However, we found that breast cancer death was an unreliable outcome that was biased in favour of screening, mainly due to differential misclassification of cause of death. The trials with adequate randomisation did not find an effect of screening on total cancer deaths, including breast cancer, or on all-cause deaths after 10 years or on the use of other drugs to treat the cancer. The use of surgery was increased in the women who were screened, but not in those who were not. If we assume that screening reduces breast cancer deaths by 15% and that overdiagnosis and overtreatment is at 30%, it means that for one out of 2000 women screened, one will avoid dying of breast cancer and 10 healthy women, who would not have been screened if there had not been screening, will be treated. Furthermore, more than 200 women will suffer from anxiety and uncertainty for years because of false positive findings. We have written an evidence-based leaflet for lay people to help them decide whether or not to go through with screening.
We found four randomised studies, with a total of 522 women, that compared hCG priming with no priming in IVM. Three of the studies compared 10,000 to 20,000 units of hCG, and one of the four studies compared 20,,000 and 100,000 hCG. We found no evidence that hCG had an effect on live birth, pregnancy, or miscarriage rates. There was low quality, low-risk of bias, and imprecision (i.e. there were too few women in the study for us to be able to draw any conclusions about the risk of bias) of the trials. The evidence was of low quality due to lack of blinding (so that women and their doctors do not know whether or not they are in the treatment group or the control group) and lack of precision (there was not enough information to be sure that there was a difference in the live birth rate, miscarriage rate, or pregnancy rate between the groups). We found that 22% of women who did not receive any priming achieved a pregnancy, while between 7% and 23% of the women who received priming did so. The quality of the evidence was low, as there were only a few studies and the results were based on only a small amount of data. As no data were available on adverse events (other than miscarriage) or on drug reactions, we were not able to assess the safety of priming. We need more evidence from well-designed RCTs before we can come to a conclusion about the best dose and time to use hCG for IVM, and the best time to give it.
The aim of this review was to assess whether ERT or HRT can prevent cognitive decline in older postmenopausal women when given as short term or longer term (up to five years) therapy. The review found that both ERT and HRT do not prevent cognitive loss in the longer term when compared to no treatment. It is not clear whether ERTs or HTs have any effect in subgroups of women, although it is not known whether one type of HRT is better or worse than the other in some groups of women. It remains to be determined whether factors such as age, type of menopause and type of treatment (type of estrogen with or without a progestagen, mode of treatment and dosage) and whether the absence or presence of menopausal symptoms can change treatment effects should be investigated in more detail. Large RCTs are planned in the USA and may be able to answer these questions by the year 2010.
We searched the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's trials database for all published and planned randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, and quasi-blinded trials of inhaled ICS/LABA (fluticasone furoate and vilanterol 100/25 mcg once a day versus inhaled LAMA (18 mcg tiotropium 18 mcg daily) in adults with COPD. We searched for studies up to July 2018. We found one ongoing trial with planned recruitment of 80 people. We included only one trial with a very low risk of bias (low risk of play of chance) in all aspects of the study, and we found no evidence that one inhaler was better than the other in terms of quality of life, adverse events, or the need for a short-burst (short-burst) COPD flare-up, which is a serious event in which the COPD gets worse and the person needs to be put back on the ventilator. We also found no difference in the number of people who were admitted to hospital for any cause (all-cause), who had a COPD exacerbation, or who had pneumonia. None of the people in the FF/VI arm had a lung infection that was fatal. We did not find differences between the groups for other endpoints such as exacerbations leading to intubation (need for a tube to be placed in the lungs) or in the percentage of days that were free of rescue medication use. We are not sure whether once-a-day inhaled inhaled corticosteroids/vilanterol is better or worse than LAMA for treatment of COPD because of the very low-quality of the evidence. The quality of evidence was very low. The short-term (12 weeks) and very low quality of the results means that we are not confident in the result and that we cannot be sure that it is true. More long-term studies are needed.
We found four short-term RCTs (involving a total of 169 adults and adolescents) that looked at the use of drugs (fluoxetine, clomipramine, fluoxetamine and clomidine) in patients with BDD and compared them to a group of people who received a dummy drug (placebo) with no treatment. We found that people who were treated with drugs were less likely to have a relapse of their BDD symptoms than those who received the dummy drug. Symptom severity was reduced in all four studies, as well as in the one trial of CBT. A low relapse rate (4/22) was demonstrated in one of the CBT trials. Results from the small number of studies included in the review suggest that SRIs and CBT may be useful in the treatment of BDD. However, the findings of these studies need to be tested in other groups of patients, such as adolescents, and using other drugs (such as sertraline or citalopram) and a range of other treatments (alone or in combination) are needed.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of cotrimoxazole desensitization for treating HIV-infected adults with a history of mild or moderate hypersensitivity to the drug compared to rechallenge treatment. The review found that when compared to the rechallenging of the drug in the first six months after the start of the trial, the first treatment was given to reduce the risk of stopping the drug. There was also a reduction in the number of people who stopped the drug for any reason and in the rate of overall adverse reactions. There were no major adverse reactions for either treatment method in any of the three RCTs. There is a need for more research in this area. Paediatric data and trials in resource-poor settings are required.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing midazolam with dextrose (placebo) in 148 preterm or preterm newborns. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2016. We did not find any new RCTs for this review update. We found that the length of time spent in the neonatal intensive care unit was longer in the placebo group (five days) and that pain scores in the NICU were lower in the midzolam group. However, we were not able to assess the effectiveness of the sedation scores as none of the scales used to assess sedation in preterm neonates have been validated in this group of newborns, so we could not assess the effect of this drug in this population. The number of deaths during the first month of life and in the first 28 days of life were higher in the morphine group compared with the placebo. Also, there was a greater risk of brain injury and death in the babies who were treated with morphine in the later stages of life (at 28 days' postnatal age). We considered these trials to be of moderate quality, but the quality of evidence was low because of the small size of the studies and the low numbers of events. We are concerned about the risk of serious side-effects in the longer term. More research is needed to determine the effectiveness and safety of this medication.
We found 12 randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 767 adults who had diarrhoea caused by Salmonella N. serovar in people who were healthy. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2015. There was no difference in the risk of death or serious harm in the group of adults who were treated with antibiotics compared with those who were not. However, there was a higher risk of adverse events in the people who received antibiotics. There is no evidence of benefit for antibiotics in NTS in healthy adults. We are uncertain of the effects in very young people, very old people, and in people with severe and extraintestinal disease.
We found 23 studies (n = 4192 adults) assessing the accuracy of IL-6 for the diagnosis of sepsis in critically ill adults. The participants were heterogeneous in terms of their distribution of age, gender, main diagnosis, setting, country, positivity threshold, criteria, year of publication, and origin of infection, among other factors. We considered all studies to be at high risk of bias due to issues related to the index test domain in QUADAS-2. The SROC curve showed a great dispersion in the number of cases that were found with and out of the studies. We were not able to combine the data from the studies because of this. We found that if we test a group of 1000 adults with a blood test of the blood cells, we will find that 330 out of 1000 patients would be correctly identified as not sick, while 130 out of 100 would be wrongly identified as sick, and 170 patients would have been left undiagnosed. This means that on the whole, patients who are not sick would not need to be put on antibiotics, and would avoid the need for them if they were not sick. However, we cannot be sure of this result due to the lack of precision in the way that the studies were done. The quality of the data was very low due to differences in the type of blood tests used and the way in which the data were collected. The results of the review will likely change once the 20 studies that are still waiting to be published are published and assessed.
We found 29 randomised, double-blind, quasi-randomised and quasi-trials (RCTs) involving a total of 5718 people. All studies were at a high or unclear risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way that the trial was run or the way it was run) and all had a high risk of systematic error (ie, there was potential to get the wrong results because of play of chance). It is not clear whether the risk of SSI is increased when a wound is covered by a wound dressing (wound exposure) or not. It is also uncertain whether any wound dressing is more or less likely to cause SSI than any other type of wound dressing. We are uncertain whether wound dressings have an effect on other outcomes, such as wound scarring, pain, and the ease of removal from the wound, and we are not sure whether wound dressing influences these outcomes. The quality of the evidence was very low or low for most comparisons (and low or very low for others), with downgrades due to risks of bias and imprecision.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of any type of dietary supplement to prevent postpartum depression in pregnant women. We found only one RCT that compared selenium, docosahexanoic acid and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) with a placebo (dummy tablet). The women were randomised to one of the three groups in this trial. The women received supplements or placebo from the time of recruitment at a gestational age of 12 to 20 weeks up to their final review visit six to eight weeks after the birth. There was a high risk of attrition bias due to a large number of women withdrawing from the study or not completing an EPDS. The included RCT (n = 85) found that the effect on EPDS scores was greater in women who had selenus than in those who had placebo but the difference was not large enough to be able to tell whether or not there was a difference in postnatal depression. The other RCT compared EPA, DHA and EPA with placebo and found that there was no difference between EPA and DHA in preventing postbirth depression. No evidence was found that EPA or EPA-rich fish oil was better than EPA or DHA for any of the other outcomes of this review. There is currently no evidence to recommend any other dietary supplement for the prevention of postbirth or neonatal depression.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of anthracycline treatment in people with leukaemias and solid tumours. We found that people who received treatment for six hours or longer had a lower risk of heart failure than those who received the same dose of the drug but received it for less than six hours. We did not find a difference in the number of people who had heart failure with a dose of doxorubicin less than 60 mg/m2 or with a peak dose of 60 mg per hour or more. We also found that there was no evidence that the dose of epirubicine was any more or less than or equal to the dose given in the other RCTs for the other peak doses, so we can make no conclusions about the risk of cardiotoxicity. All of the studies had high or 'Risk of bias' issues, which means that there is a risk of bias in the way they were designed and performed. We are not able to draw any conclusions about whether or not there is any effect on the heart in children. More high-quality research is needed, both in children and adults, and in leukaemia and other types of cancer.
We found 37 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 3110 adults and children with TBI. The evidence is up to date as of March 2017. We found that there is no high-quality evidence that hypothermia is helpful in reducing the risk of death or of being left in a vegetative state or in a coma after TBI, or both. However, there is some evidence that it may be helpful to maintain the body's body mass index (BMI) at a low to mid-range (i.e. where the body does not get too hot or too cold) during the first 24 hours after a TBI and for at least 24 hours afterwards. There is no evidence that the body’s body temperature falls too quickly or that it is too cold for people to get sick. We rated the quality of the evidence for death and the unfavourable outcome to be very low and for pneumonia to be low. There was a large amount of variation in the design of the trials and we were not able to assess risk of bias in the way they were done. Some of the results may be due to differences in the type of TBI that people had had and the way that they were treated, but we could not be sure of this. Further research is needed in this field.
We found three high- and three low-quality studies, with a total of 519 participants, that looked at the effectiveness of this form of therapy. The studies were very heterogeneous in terms of interventions, participants, and the way in which they were carried out. We were not able to draw conclusions about the effect of the various forms of therapy because of the lack of consistency in the way they were done. However, based on the non-combined findings from three studies, we found that family therapy is more effective than no treatment or a waiting list condition for the treatment of depression, and that it is better than no therapy or a long-term waiting list. It is important to note that the results are based on a small amount of research, which is not enough to draw any firm conclusions. At this point, use of other types of therapy for depression for which there is already an evidence-base would seem to be preferable to the use of family therapy.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared Duxil with placebo in a total of 206 adults with a mean age of over 80 years. All three RCTs were at high risk of bias (i.e. there is a chance of arriving at wrong conclusions due to the way that the trial was run and the way in which the results were analysed) and were assessed as being of low quality. When analysed as a group, we found that there was a benefit in improving the quality of life, but there was no clear improvement in behaviour or death at the end of treatment and follow-up. There was no information on the risk of any side-effects from the treatment. Due to the low quality of the studies, the small size of the trials and the fact that there were no data on behaviour and death, we were not able to draw any conclusions about the long-term effects of this drug. We recommend that high-quality and large-scale randomised trials are carried out to confirm or refute these results.
We found seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared drainage with no drainage in a total of 960 adults who had had an axillary lymphadenectomy for lymphadenoid cancer. The quality of the included RCTs was generally low, with several studies at risk of bias due to the lack of blinding (i.e. the use of a mask to prevent patients and staff from knowing whether or not they were in the drainage group or the no drainage group). The risk of developing a seroma (a tumour of the lymph nodes) was lower in the drain group. There was no difference in infection rates between drainage and no drainage, nor was there any difference in the risk of lymphoedema or haematoma. The length of time spent in hospital was 1.47 days longer in the drains group than in the no-drain group. The drain group had 0.79 fewer post-operative seroma aspirations than those who did not have drains, but this was a reduction of 19.44% on a range of 0.45% to 20.57. No difference was found in the number of patients who had a lymphoma after surgery or in the amount of blood in their urine. There were no major side-effects of the drains, such as lymphoma, lymphoid swelling or infection, nor were there any differences in the numbers of people who had lymph nodes drained or those who had no drainage. There is a need for further research in this area.
We found eight randomised studies with 390,769 adults with a mean age of over 60 years of age. The evidence is up to date as of March 2013. The results form the studies assessing the association of flavonoids, colorectal cancer and adenomas were conflicting. There was no clear evidence that total flavonoid intake was associated with the risk of any of these neoplasms. For Isoflavones, Flavonols, Flavones and Flavanones, there was conflicting evidence. For Flavan-3-ols, the results from one study showed that increased intake of Flavan 3-ols was linked to a reduced risk of both colon cancer and coloresctal adenoma. For epicatechin, a low risk of colon cancer was found with a high intake of epicateschin. For procyanidin, phytoestrogens and anthocyanins there was some evidence that a higher intake of these drugs could lead to a lower risk of a colon cancer. However, the quality of evidence was not high. There is no evidence that high anthocyphenolate mofetil intake had an effect on the number of adenomomas. There were no clear results for any of the other drugs assessed. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high.
We found that extending the treatment to 72 weeks increased the number of people who had a cure from 26.8% to 53.1% in the group that had been treated for 48 weeks. The number of patients who relapsed was similar in both treatment groups. There was no difference between the groups in terms of the risk of relapsed recurrence of the virus. The length of the treatment did not seem to affect the patients' adherence to the treatment. In the one trial that looked at adverse events, no difference was seen between the two groups. All trials had high risk of bias (i.e. there was a chance of arriving at wrong conclusions because of the way the trial was run) and there was play of chance (play of chance could be due to the play of the chance). None of the trials looked at the effect of the length of treatment on mortality. More data are needed in order to decide whether or not to treat people with HCV in whom the virus is still in the blood after 12 weeks and 24 weeks of treatment, and in patients with detectable HCV RNA after four weeks of therapy.
We found that there is uncertainty about the use of EUS in people with pancreatic cancer or periampullary cancer found to have resectable cancer on CT scan. There is no evidence to suggest that it should be performed routinely in these patients. Based on only one study with a low risk of bias, we are not able to draw conclusions about its use in other types of cancer.
We found 34 studies (2169 adults with blepharitis, of which 20 studies (1661 adults with either anterior or mixed blephritis) and 14 studies (12 RCTs and 2 CCTs) (508 adults with posterior blephharitis) included in this review. There was no strong evidence for any of the treatments in terms of cure of the condition. Topical antibiotics (antibiotics applied to the eyelid) were shown to provide some symptomatic relief and were found to be effective in eradicating bacteria from the eyelids. The effectiveness of other treatments, such as topical steroids and oral antibiotics, were not clear. Lid hygiene may be a simple, safe, and easy-to-use method to reduce the spread of bacteria in eyelid skin. However, it is not clear if it is safe or safe to use in the long-term. There is no evidence that lid hygiene is safe and easy to use. More research is needed to answer this question.
We found one trial with a total of 23 adults and children with RRP. This trial was at high risk of bias. None of our primary outcomes and only one of our secondary outcomes (reduction in volume of disease, assessed endoscopically) was measured in the study. There was no clear difference between the groups (very low-quality evidence). Adverse events reported were airway swelling requiring intubation in a child with severe RRP a few hours after photodynamic therapy.
We found 42 studies with 4220 adults with an age range from 18 to 80 years of age. Most of the studies compared CDUS with CE-CDUS. We found that both ultrasound modalities showed high specificity (i.e. the tests are able to distinguish the type of endoleak from the other end of the body) and that CDUS was more accurate than CE- CDUS in terms of the number of cases that were missed and the amount of time it took for the test to reach the correct diagnosis. We also found that the studies were generally of low to moderate quality. The main reasons for this were that only three studies fulfilled all the items on the QUADAS list, and in six (40%) of the trials, the time between the tests was longer than four weeks; in eight (50%), the test was not done or was not carried out; and in two (12%) studies, the results of the test were not clearly reported. We were able to combine the information from 20 of the included studies (with and without the use of contrast) and found that people who had a CDUS test with a CT scan were more likely to be identified as having an endoleaks than those who had the same test with contrast. This was the case for both types of ultrasound modality. However, when we combined the results from 18 studies, we found that there was a greater risk of bias in the CDUS studies. The studies were of low/very low quality, which means that they may not be as good as they could be and that their results may be imprecise. We are not able to draw any conclusions about the effectiveness of either method for the diagnosis of an inseam of an aneurysm due to the lack of data.
We found seven randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled studies, with a total of 766 women. All of the women had low back pain in labour only. We found that women who were treated with sterile water had greater pain-relief than those who were given saline (salty) or saline alone. However, we did not find any difference in rates of caesarean section, forceps or forceps delivery, or other outcomes for women or their babies. There was no difference between sterile and saline for the number of women who self-scored a 4/10 cm or more reduction in pain, or for any of the other measures of pain relief that we looked at. There were no adverse events, other than short-term pain with the injection, which was worse with saline. No study looked at women's satisfaction with pain relief, women's sense of control in labour, mothers' satisfaction with the experience of childbirth, rates of breastfeeding, maternal morbidity, infant long-term outcomes, or cost. The quality of the evidence was good, but four studies were at high risk of bias due to the small size of treatment groups, lack of detail about how they were done, and the fact that some of the results were imprecise due to imprecision due to play of chance.
We found 12 randomised trials with a total of 1932 adults with Lichtenstein hernia who had their hernia fixed with glue or suture. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. We found that glue may reduce chronic pain and not increase the risk of recurrence of the hernia when compared with sutures. However, when we looked at the type of mesh we used, we found that mesh was better than suture in terms of reducing chronic pain. We also found that the length of time taken for the mesh to heal and the time it took for the patient to be able to go back to normal activities were similar between the glue and suture groups. We did not find any difference between the two groups in the number of cases of deep or superficial wound infection or in the rate of re-infection of the mesh after the operation. The risk of adverse events (swelling, swelling, and numbness) was the same in the glue group and the suture group. Due to the lack of data, we were not able to draw any conclusions about the effectiveness and safety of the two types of glue. The quality of evidence was moderate to low for all of the outcomes, which means that we are uncertain about the accuracy of the results.
We found 32 randomised and quasi-randomised controlled trials. Only three of the studies were of high quality. A 'package' of'sophistication' of changes made to the way papers were written between the time of entry into the journal and the time that they were published was found to improve the readability of some of the papers, but not all of them. A combination of a number of methods was used to make sure that all of the articles were of the same quality. However, it is not clear how this was achieved. Providers of guidance to authors were found to help improve the way in which papers were described and described in one study, but there was no difference in the quality of the abstracts in the other. The 'package of changes' used in the time from entry in the journal to publication improved the readableness of two of the three trials, but the other two did not show a change in the amount of text that was read in the published papers. A number of other methods were investigated, such as the use of a special type of'structural' (e.g. table of contents) or 'permanent' (i.e. at the top of the paper) method, but these were not found to be of much use. The review found that there is some evidence that the 'pack' of methods used by the journal staff to make changes to papers after they have been published does improve them. There is no evidence that any one method is better than any other.
We found 15 randomised, double-blind, and cross-over randomised controlled trials (RCTs) including 721 adults with cancer pain due to a wide range of types of cancer. Most of the participants had cancer of all types, but a few had other forms of cancer as well. All of the people in the studies had cancer that was not cancerous. We found that codeine or codeine plus paracetamol was better than placebo for reducing cancer pain by 50% or more. There were three deaths, in all cases due to the cancer in the arm. Most studies used codeine at a dose of 30 mg to 120 mg, and most used it in a dose between 50 mg and 100 mg. We did not find any data for any of our other outcomes. Only two of the 15 studies reported our preferred responder outcome of 'participants with at least 50% reduction in pain' and there were only a few other outcomes, such as 'no worse than mild pain', which we could not use in this review. Eleven of the studies showed that people who took codeine had significantly less pain than those who took placebo, and overall the pain was less than half that of those who did not take codeine. However, people taking codeine were more than twice as likely to have a side effect (nausea, vomiting, and constipation) and were more likely to experience side effects (somnolence, dizziness, and dizziness) than those in the placebo group. There was no difference in the number of people who dropped out of the study for any reason. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high. The studies were small, of short duration, and had problems with the way they were carried out. We could not draw conclusions about the effect of codeine on cancer pain because of the lack of data.
We found 12 randomised and quasi-randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of 563 adults (aged six to 35 years old) with sickle cell disease or sickles cell disease, aged six to 65 years of age, who were randomly assigned to either an educational program or to a control group that did not participate in educational programs. The educational programs included one hour to eight weeks of one-to-one or two-hour sessions and lasted from six weeks to 12 months. The overall risk of bias was low for the design of the studies, but there were problems with the way that some of the trials were run and the way in which they were reported. We found that educational programs may have improved the knowledge that people in the group in which the program was conducted know about sickle cells and sickles cells in a way that may help them to recognise the signs and symptoms of sickled cell disease and to self-manage. There was also an improvement in the number of patients who were able to recognise signs and signs of a disease and symptoms that might be a sign or sign of a symptom. This improvement may have been due to the fact that people knew when they were in the program and when to stop the program. People who had been in the programs may also have been able to tell when they had a symptom or signs or signs that were not there before, but we could not be sure of this. People in the groups that had been taught to use health services may not have been as well as those who had not been taught. We did not find that any of the groups were more or less likely to be depressed than the other groups. We also found that there was no difference between the groups in terms of the use of health services. We could not tell whether educational programs helped people to cope with their illness or improve their quality of life. It was not possible to tell whether or not people were better or worse off because of the programs or if they were less or the same as those in the control groups. The quality of evidence was moderate to high for many of the outcomes. This means that we are not sure of the accuracy of the results and that further research is likely to have an effect on our confidence in them.
We found six trials with a total of 2411 adults (aged 16 to 80 years old) with a mean age of 18 years of age. All of the participants had focal (the part of the brain in which the epileptic seizures are confined to the front of the skull) epilepsy, and all of the trials compared brivaracetam to a fake drug (placebo) that looked like the real drug but did not have the same effects. All six of the randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials were conducted in the USA, and they were of short duration (7 to 16 weeks). Only one of the studies looked at people with both types of seizures, and the other five trials looked at those with only the type of seizures known as 'focal' (from the top of the head down) seizures. We found that people who took add-on bromocriptine were more than twice as likely to have a 50% or greater reduction in their seizures than those who took the fake drug. They were also more than five times more likely to achieve seizure freedom (free of seizures). The risk of stopping the drug for any reason, as well as the risk of having one or more adverse events, was not increased following the use of briaracetam. However, people taking briaracriptine did appear to be more than three times more prone to stop the drug due to side effects. It is important to note that only one study looked at adults with generalised seizures (where the seizures are not confined to one area of the body, such as the head or neck, but rather spread across the brain). We judged the quality of evidence to be low for most of the outcomes, which means that we are uncertain about the accuracy of the results.
We found 38 studies, mostly from high-income countries, many of which looked at the MMR (measles, mumps, rubella) vaccine. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. Most studies were from the USA, and some were from low- to middle-income country settings. We found that parents wanted more information than they were getting. Lack of information led to worry and regret about the decision to vaccinate some parents (moderate to high confidence in the evidence). Parents also wanted balanced information about the benefits and harms of vaccination, presented clearly and clearly, and tailored to their needs. They wanted vaccination information to be available at a wider range of places and in good time, and they wanted to know which source of information they could trust. The amount of information parents asked for and the sources they felt could be trusted seemed to be linked to the choice of whether or not to get the vaccine, with parents who were more likely to get it wanting more information and those who were less sure about it. Most of the studies addressed at least one or more key aspects of the way in which information was provided, such as the timing of the information and the way it was tailored to parents' needs. None of the interventions seemed to address parents' perceptions of health workers' motives. We have high or very high levels of confidence in many of the results. We had low or very low levels where we had very low or moderate levels of certainty. This means that we cannot be sure of the accuracy of the findings. More research is likely to have an impact on our conclusions.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 599 people with anorexia nervosa. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2016. All of the RCTs tested a range of psychological treatments for anorexic adults and older adults, and two of the 10 included children. Most of the trials had a high risk of bias (i.e. there was a risk of arriving at wrong conclusions because of the way they were run and reported) and there were problems with the way in which some of the studies were run. We found that treatment as usual (TAU) when delivered by a non-eating-disorder specialist or similar may be less efficacious than treatment as a TAU. This was found in one trial. However there were no differences between TAU and other types of treatment. There was a suggestion in one study that a type of therapy called 'focal psychodynamic' might be better than TAU, but this is based on just one study. There were no overall dropout rates higher in the TAU group than in the other groups. When we looked at the effects of the treatments on body mass index (BMI) we found that there was no clear advantage of one type of treatment over any other. One study found that dietary advice alone was better than the other, but again this was based on only one small study. None of the included trials found any side effects. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for most of the outcomes. This is due to the small size of studies and the fact that many of them were not blinded (meaning that those who are not in the trials know which group they are in, which can lead to bias). There is a need for more research in this area.
We found three RCTs with a total of 516 adults. One study was from the USA and was funded by the National Eye Institute, and the other two were from Germany and were supported by the German Research Foundation. The first study was conducted in the USA, and randomized 151 adults to either silicone oil or perfluorohexyloctane (SF6) gas tamponades; and the second was from Germany, and involved 271 adults. The third was from Turkey, and was a multi-centre international trial. All three of the studies were at low risk of bias, and none of them used masking of participants and surgeons. The use of either perfluropropane or standard silicone oil was found to be as good as the other. There do not seem to be any major differences between the two agents in terms of the change in visual acuity at one year or in the number of eyes that were still attached to the macular patch at the end of one year. There were no differences in the numbers of people who achieved at least 5/200 vision at two years between those who received perfluoropropane gas and those who did not. For macular attachment, people who were treated with silicone oil were more likely to have their macular patches attached to their retinas at both one year and at both two years. There did not appear to be a difference between the groups in the changes in vision at any time point. Adverse events were not reported for the first or second trials. For the third trial, only the total number of adverse events was reported, and adverse events for each group were not specified. Of the 94 participants, four died, 26 had recurrences of retinitis, 22 had retinal detachment, 22 developed glaucoma, four had a cataract, and two had capsular fibrosis. The choice of a tamponade should be individualized for each patient. None of the trials used a masking method to mask the surgeon and patients, and only the third study used one to mask outcome assessors. The overall quality of the evidence was high, and all three trials were free of reporting bias.
We found five randomised controlled trials (involving 1819 women) that compared planned early birth with planned late birth. The evidence is up to date as of March 2017. There was a reduction in the risk of death for both the mother and the baby in the group of women who had planned an early birth. However, there was no clear difference between the groups in terms of the number of babies who died or were admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU). There was no difference between groups for caesarean section or in the length of time spent in hospital for the mother or the baby. The risk of developing a high blood pressure (hepatitis C) or high blood lipids (hepatocellular haemorrhage) in the baby was similar in both groups. There were no clear differences between groups based on our subgroup analysis by gestational age, gestational week or condition. Women with high blood levels of blood in the urine (HEP) were at a lower risk of HELLP (high blood pressure) and had a greater risk of having a baby with severe renal impairment (kidneys) if they were planned to give birth before 34 weeks of pregnancy. There is no clear evidence that planned early births are better than planned late births for improving the health of mothers and their babies, but there was not enough information to draw any conclusions about the effect on infant deaths or the need for admission to the NICU. The quality of evidence was rated as high for the outcomes of death of the mothers and the babies and of the newborns, and as low for the results for the other outcomes. The included in this review was based on two large, well-designed trials with a low risk of bias. Other studies were at low or unclear risk of systematic error (i.e. there was a chance of arriving at wrong conclusions because of the way in which the study was carried out). No studies attempted to blind women or staff to which group they were in. This could have led to bias as women and staff would have been aware of the intervention and this may have affected aspects of care and decision-making.
We found six randomised controlled trials (involving 142 adults and children with hemophilia A, B, or C) comparing three-times-a-week prophylactics with on-demand treatment in children with existing joint damage. We found that giving clotting factors three times a week reduced the number of patients with joint bleeds and joint bleedings compared to those who had no clotting factor. We did not find a difference between the groups in terms of number of people with preserved joints after three to seven years of follow-up. We also found that there was no clear advantage of one treatment over the other for preventing bleeding. There was no difference in the amount of time that patients had to be on the anticoagulant treatment or in the severity of their joint pain, but there was an increase in the risk of infection and other adverse events in those who received clotting treatment. We are not able to draw conclusions about the long-term effects of this intervention due to the lack of data. More research is needed.
We found 13 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 1824 adults with relapsed or refractory BL. Ten of the 13 RCTs (732 adults) had data in a usable form that could be used in this review. We were not able to pool data for any of the outcomes due to the differences between the treatments assessed in the studies. Eight of the trials aimed to induce remission (breakdown of the tumour) and five studies aimed to maintain the disease in remission. Overall, there was no difference in the number of people who lived to at least six months from the start of treatment in the treatment groups. In two out of three trials, this was substantial but the difference was not found in the other two trials. We found that treatment schedules that were less aggressive than those that were more aggressive in terms of the length of time that the disease was in the control group and the occurrence of side effects were the same as in the group that was more aggressive. This review shows that there seems to be a preference in more recent studies for less aggressive care options for treatment of relapsing-removal-free BL. However, the evidence for the effectiveness of these treatments is not strong as studies were small, under-powered and prone to both bias and bias due to play of chance.
In this review we found that there was no evidence that Rhophylac given by intravenous or intramuscular route was more or less effective in preventing RhD than RhD by the time of treatment. There was also no evidence of RhD alloimmunization in either of the studies, as the sample size was too low to be able to compare this outcome. One of the trials found that the mean anti-D IgG concentrations after IV and IM administration differed up to seven days (36.1 (2.6) ng/mL IV on day 7 and 19.8 (8.7) ng/mL IM on day seven). However, from two to three weeks post-administration, the concentrations were similar for both routes of administration. None of the participants in either study developed antibodies against the RhD antigen.
We found eight studies with a total of 21,379 patients with diabetes. The mean age of the patients was over 60 years old and most of them had had a previous CVD (more than 80%) and had diabetes mellitus. All of the participants had been at high risk of developing a CVD due to previous heart attack or stroke or both. The average duration of follow-up ranged from 365 days to 913 days. Data for diabetes patients on all-cause deaths, vascular deaths and myocardial infarction were only available for one trial (355 patients). This trial compared ticlopidine to placebo and did not show any difference in the risk of death from any cause (all-cause, heart or vascular) or from heart-disease (heart or stroke). Data for stroke were available in three trials (31% of the total number of participants) and pooled results from these trials showed that there was no difference in risk of stroke (combination of fatal and non-fatal stroke) for ADP-receptor agonists (11.2% and 11.3% in the combined group) when compared to aspirin or aspirin and dipyridamole, or clopidogrel (an anticoagulant drug) or aspirin alone or aspirin in combination with aspirin. There were no data available from any of the trials on peripheral vascular disease, health-related quality of life, adverse events or costs. The evidence is up to date as of March 2013. The available evidence for the use of ADP receptor agonists for the prevention of CVD in patients with CVD is not strong. Most of the studies did not report the outcomes for patients with a prior to the start of treatment for CVD and most trials do not report outcomes for people with diabetes separately.
We found 10 trials with a total of 191 adults with cystic fibrotic lung disease. All of the trials compared non-invasive ventilatory support to oxygen or room air. Most of the people in the trials did not know whether they were in the treatment group or the control group and this may have led to bias in the way that the trials were run. We were able to blind the trial assessors to which group the patients were in when we looked at the results. We found that airway clearance may be easier when the ventilator is in the room and that some patients may prefer it. We did not find any evidence that the use of ventilators to open the airways caused sputum to leak out into the lungs, but it did improve some of the measures of lung health that we were concerned about. We also found that people may be able to get gas out of their lungs more easily when they are in the airway and that exercise may be a way to help them to do this. The quality of the evidence was low to very low for all of our main outcomes. One trial found that one of the patients in the group of people who received non-vacuum ventilation withdrew at the start of the trial due to pain on a test of lung muscle strength. One of the three people who had overnight ventilation using nasal masks (two trials) and one trial used a nasal mask or mouthpiece (one trial) did not like the mask and in one trial it is not clear if the mask was used or not. Three trials (27 adults) used nasal masks, nasal masks and nasal masks or full face masks. All three of these trials reported on quality of life and two of the other outcomes we were looking for. One study (13 adults) looked at exercise capacity and did not report on any of our outcomes. No clear differences were found in the numbers of patients who did or did not do any exercise when they were put in the non-ventilator group compared to those who were put into the control groups. The trial found no clear differences in exercise capacity between the groups. We are not able to draw any conclusions about the impact of this treatment on the length of time that people need to be in hospital and on the risk of worsening of disease because of the lack of data. Non-invasive ventilation may be used in addition to oxygen therapy and may help improve gas exchange in the lungs to a greater extent than oxygen therapy alone in people with mild to moderate lung disease, but we do not know if it will have an effect on the time that patients need to spend in hospital or on the amount of time they need in hospital. The effect of NIV on exercise is not known. The evidence is up to date as of July 2013. The included trials were small and most of the results were based on one or more treatment sessions with only a few people in each of the studies. This means that we cannot be sure that the results are valid and that further research is likely to have an impact on our confidence in the findings.
We found that NIPPV at home for at least three months in hypercapnic patients with stable COPD had no effect on blood gas exchange, exercise tolerance, health-related quality of life, lung function, respiratory muscle strength or sleep efficiency. However, we could not be sure of this as the results were imprecise because of the small size of the studies.
We found four randomised trials, involving 1190 women, that looked at the use of induction of labour for babies with a low birthweight (mean birthweight of less than 180 g) and a high risk of injury to the baby's shoulder (brachial plexus) compared to expectant management. Induction of labour did not seem to change the risk of caesarean birth or forceps delivery. There was no clear difference between the groups for the number of babies born with a fractured or dislocated shoulder, or for the rate of asphyxia or low blood flow to the brain from the umbilical cord. However, there were more perineal tears in the induction group, and more women in the control group had to have surgery to repair the tears. The babies born to women who had been in labour for at least 24 hours had a mean birthweight lower than those born to those who had not been born to labour, and there was a lower risk of birth fractures and shoulder dystocia. The risk of a baby with a broken bone in the back of the neck was similar in both groups, but this was a rare event. We found that to prevent one fracture in 60 women, it would be necessary to induce labour in 60 of those women. Since induction of birthweight was lower in the group that had been induced, there was no difference between groups for other measures, such as asphyxiation, low five-minute infant Apgar scores, or low arterial cord blood pH (blood flow, which is a measurement of the amount of oxygen in the blood that surrounds the baby and is thought to be a sign of the baby’s lungs. The results of the trials did not show that there was any difference in the risk for the babies’ risk of being born too early, or that the babies were born too late to be able to breathe on their own. The evidence is up to date as of July 2014. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for most of the outcomes, mainly due to imprecision of results and lack of blinding (so that women and staff did not know whether they were in the treatment group or not).
We found 56 trials with 95,286 participants. The age of participants ranged from 18 to 107 years. The mean age of women was 77%. Forty-eight of the included healthy adults (over 18 years of age). Of these, four were healthy volunteers, nine were postmenopausal women and 35 were older adults living on their own or in care homes or hospitals. The other eight were adults with a range of diseases. Most of the participants were older than 70 years. Forty-five of the 56 trials (80%) were at low risk of bias. More than half of the trials had a low-risk of bias (that is, less than 30% chance of arriving at wrong place at the wrong time with the wrong treatment). We found that the risk of death from any cause was decreased by 12.5% to 12.7% in people who received vitamin D compared with those who did not. We did not find any difference between groups in terms of the number of deaths caused by any cause. The risk of dying due to any cause did not seem to be increased with the use of vitamin D, but this finding could be due to chance. When we looked at the effects of different forms of the drug alfacalcidol (vitamin D3) and calcitriol, we found that people receiving this drug were less likely to die than those who received the other drugs. We found no difference in the risk between groups for the other forms of this drug. We could not tell whether vitamin D was better or worse than other drugs for people with heart or lung diseases or people with other types of cancer. However, people who took vitamin D with calcium were more than twice as likely to be alive five years after the end of treatment as those who took placebo or no treatment. We calculated that 150 people treated over five years would need to be saved from death to prevent one death. This would be equivalent to 8% of people who dropped out of the treatment group. We also found that vitamin D combined with other drugs may be more likely to cause a person to have a stroke than vitamin D alone, and that people taking vitamin D3 may be at increased risk of a stroke compared with people who do not take vitamin D. We were not able to draw conclusions about the effect of other drugs on death due to the lack of information in the studies. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high. The evidence is up to date as of March 2014.
We found that fluoxetine, orlistat, and sibutramine can lead to significant weight loss in persons with type 2 diabetes over 12 to 57 weeks. The magnitude of weight loss is small, but the long-term health benefits are likely to outweigh any short-term adverse events. There is a paucity of data on other drugs for weight loss or control in people with diabetes.
We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared VGB with CBZ in a total of 734 adults with a mean age of 18 years and a mean duration of follow-up of six months. We assessed only one of the five RCTs as of good quality and the other four as of poor quality. It was not clear whether VGB or CBZ was better in terms of the number of seizures and the time to first seizure, but VGB was found to be associated with more weight gain and skin rash and drowsiness than CBZ. There was no difference in visual field defects and no difference between the two groups in the occurrence of eye problems such as bleeds, bleeds in the front of the eye and in the centre of the macula. We concluded that VGB should not be used as a first-line treatment for epilepsy, and that CBZ should be the first choice if one or the other is available.
We found four RCTs that compared plerixafor added to G-CSF with placebo in 600 adults with either multiple myeloma or non-Hodgkin lymphoma. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. There was no difference between the groups in terms of the risk of death or adverse events at 12 months, but there was an advantage for those who were randomised to the plerxafor group regarding the number of stem cells that were collected and the time it took for the transplants to be made. However, there was a high risk of bias due to the fact that two of the trials did not recruit a large number of patients and did not report any of the outcomes that we had planned to look at. Due to the lack of data, we were not able to draw any conclusions about the effect of the addition of Plerix afor to the standard treatment for people with a blood cancer who have not yet had a stem cell transfusion. There is a need for more research in this area. The quality of the evidence was high for the outcome of successful stem cell collection and for the outcomes of time to neutrophil and platelet engraftment in transplants. None of the studies looked at quality of life or progression-free survival.
We found 23 trials involving 1806 women, of whom 717 received cones. All of the trials were small, and in many the quality was hard to judge. There was not enough evidence to show that cones were better than no active treatment. Cones may be as good as PFMT and may be of the same effect as electrostimulation or PFMT alone. However, there was not evidence that cones plus PFMT was any better or worse than either cone alone or cones and PFMT in terms of cure rates. Only a few trials looked at women's quality of life and no study looked at the cost of the treatment.
We found 11 trials with a total of 2246 AF patients (ranging from 14 to 712 by study) that looked at the effectiveness of interventions to improve anticoagulant control in AF patients. We found that the effect of self-monitoring plus education on TTR was similar to that of usual care (very low- or low-quality evidence). We found small but positive effects of education on anxiety and depression compared with usual care. The effect of decision aids on the use of a decision aid favoured the care of patients receiving OAT. However, we found that there was not enough evidence to draw conclusions about the impact of any of the interventions in terms of reducing TTR in patients with AF.
This is an update of a Cochrane PGE2-based Cochrane review that evaluated the effectiveness and safety of prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) for women in the first 24 hours postpartum after caesarean section. The evidence is up to date as of July 2013. The review found that when PGE1 tablets, gels and pessaries were compared with placebo or no treatment, the chance of a vaginal birth was probably increased by about 10% and the risk of uterine hyperstimulation with changes in the baby's heart rate was increased by 4.8% to 1.0% (15 trials, 1359 women). There was no clear reduction in the caesarian section rate. The risk of a uterine change was not increased by the use of the drug, and there was no change in the number of women who had an open vaginal birth. Prostaglandins probably increase the chances of vaginal birth in 24 hours, but do not seem to have an effect or may have a harmful effect on caesar section rates. They increase the likelihood of a change to the cervix, but there seems to be no increase in the need for surgery. The effect on the health of the mother and her baby is not clear.
This review found that cot-nursing using a heated water-filled mattress was no more or less safe than incubator care in terms of temperature control and weight gain. There was no difference in the risk of hyperthermia between the two groups. However, there was a reduction in weight gain in the group that was cared for in a space-heated room. In addition, fewer infants were breast fed on discharge from hospital and there were no deaths in the incubator group.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing open and closed surgery for the removal of PDCs from the palate. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. We included three RCTs, with a total of 146 participants. The main findings of the review were that the open or closed surgery may be as good as the open surgery in terms of the number of teeth that were exposed and the amount of time that the teeth took to heal (low- to very low-risk of bias). One of the open group had a post-operable PDC due to the loss of part of the gold chain that was attached to the teeth (closed group) and one of the patients in the closed group had an infection. We were not able to pool data for any of the other outcomes that we planned to look at in this review, such as the appearance of the teeth, periodontal health and the time taken for the teeth to heal. The quality of the evidence was low or very low, making it impossible to draw any firm conclusions. There is a need for more high-quality, well-conducted, randomised studies to be done before firm conclusions can be drawn.
We found three randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials (RCTs) that compared prostaglandins with a dummy drug (placebo) in 244 women. The studies were considered to be at high risk of bias (ie, there was a chance of arriving at wrong conclusions because of the way that the study was run and the way in which the results were reported). The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2014. The main outcomes were the need for the placenta to be cut from the uterus and the severity of postpartum haemorrhage (blood loss and need for blood transfusion). We found that there was no difference between the groups in terms of the number of placentas that had to be taken out and the time from the time of injection to placental removal (minutes) except for'shivering' which was more frequent in the group that was given a prostaglandin. We did not find any difference between groups in the mean blood loss or the mean time from injection to placement of the placenta. There was no evidence that any side-effects occurred more often in the groups that were given prostaglanins. The quality of the evidence was very low and we were not able to draw any conclusions about the effectiveness and the safety of the use of these drugs. More high-quality research in this area is needed.
We found six randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 355 preterm or neonatal babies. We found that continuous distending pressure (CPAP) as CPAP or CNP reduced the risk of death and the use of assisted ventilator in preterm babies with a birth weight above 1500 g. We also found that there was no difference in the number of deaths or use of ventilators in the first 28 days of life. The risk of pneumothorax (collapsed lung) was increased with use of CPAP. We did not find that CPAP reduced the need for oxygen support at 28 days, as well as at nine to 14 years of age. The use of CDP was not found to be linked to an increased risk of bronchopulmonary dysplasia (bronchodilution), which is a condition in which the lungs do not have enough air in them to support the growth and development of the lungs. The results of this review are based on six RCTs with a mean age of 28 days and a mean birth weight of 1500 g, all of which were done in the 1970s. The evidence is up to date as of July 2013.
We found six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing foam wound dressings with other types of dressing in a total of 157 adults with a mean age of over 60 years of age. We found that foam dressings do not improve the healing of diabetic foot ulcers when compared with basic wound contact dressings or hydrocolloid (matrix) dressings. There was no difference between foam and alginate dressing in terms of ulcer healing. All included RCTs were small and/or had limited follow-up times.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared endoscopy with surgery in a total of 111 adults with chronic pancreatitis and dilated pancreatic ducts. Two of the RCTs were from the USA and one from the UK, and all three trials were conducted in the USA. The results showed that surgery was better than endoscopic surgery in terms of pain relief, and that patients in the surgery group had a longer time from the start of treatment to the end of follow-up (two to five years). Patients in the surgical group also had a greater improvement in quality of life and were able to preserve some of their exocrine (pancreatic) function than those in the endoscopic group. No differences were found between the groups in the number of major post-treatment complications or in the risk of death, but the trial size was not large enough to be sure about this. The third RCT was from South Africa and had a small number of participants. It compared surgery with no surgery and found that surgery resulted in a greater number of patients with pain relief and a longer period of time without any complications. However, the trial was small and had problems with the way it was run.
We found only one randomised trial that was at a high risk of bias. This trial included 857 adults who had minor skin excision surgery for skin bleeds. The wounds were sutured after the excision. The patients were randomised to either early post-operative bathing (showering and bathing soon after surgery and keeping the dress on for at least 48 hours after the surgery and then returning to bathing later) or to a wait-and-see approach (showers and bathing later but not for 48 hours). There was no difference between the groups in the rate of wound infections between the two groups. However, there is a wide range of results and, therefore, it is not possible to rule out that there may be a difference in the risk of wound infection in the later group. We recommend that further randomised controlled trials be run to find out if there is any benefit or harm of early or late post-operative showering or bathing for the prevention of wound complications.
We found only one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared prednisone with no treatment. The RCT had a high risk of bias (that is, there was a chance of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of the way the trial was run and the way it was run). It did not measure the main outcome for this Cochrane review, which was whether or not people had improved after 12 weeks of treatment with corticosteroids. We found that 12 of 19 people in the prednisolone group improved compared with five of 16 participants in the no-treatment group. However, people who had been on corticostoids for at least 12 weeks did not improve as much as those who had not received corticoprofen. After one year, the number of people who were still able to use their hands as well as their hands that did not get worse was the same in both groups. There was no difference between the groups in the change in grip strength or the results of a test that is used to assess how strong people are able to grip their hands, but this was not measured in the one RCT that we found. The only RCT we found did not have a high-dose or a low-dose of corticotrimoxazole, so we do not know if either treatment is better or worse than the other. One of the people who took part in the RCT died after one year. We are very uncertain about the effects of oral prednoselective corticotropin-reuptake (prednisone) compared with no steroids. The quality of the evidence was very low.
We found six studies with a total of 2100 adults with asthma. Four of the studies compared remote and face-to-face check-ups, and one compared the two types of check-up in adults with severe refractory asthma. We could not tell whether more of the people who had a remote checked-up needed to be seen by a doctor for an asthma flare-up than those who were seen face-up. However, we could tell that 21 out of 100 people in the remote group had an exacerbation that required a course of oral steroids over three months, compared to 36 out 100 in the other group. There was no difference between the two groups in terms of the severity of their asthma or in quality of life, but we could not be sure whether there was a difference in the risk of serious side-effects between the groups. The studies could not have been blinded and dropout was high in four of the six studies, which may have led to bias in the results. The results of one study showed that people who received a phone call from their doctor were more than twice as likely to have an asthma exacerbation as those who had their asthma checked by telephone. We do not know whether this was due to the fact that they did not know if they were in the same group or the other way round. There is not enough information to say whether or not remote asthma-check-ups are a safe alternative to being seen in person.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 212 patients with JIA. The RCTs were conducted in Sweden, the UK and the USA. All the patients had JIA due to JIA of any cause. The results of the studies showed that there was no difference between the groups in the short-term (i.e. one week) and the long-term after the end of the RCT. There was no clear improvement in functional ability, quality of life, exercise capacity or pain. None of the trials found that exercise was harmful. There were no reports of side-effects of the exercise therapy. The included and excluded studies were all consistent about the adverse effects of the treatment. Both included and not found any adverse events. Both the included and the not found adverse events showed that exercise does not cause arthritis to get worse. Overall, based on'silver-level' evidence (www.cochranemsk.org) there is no clear benefit of exercise for patients with arthritis from the use of exercise. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found 19 randomised, double-blind, quasi-randomised, and quasi-trials (RCTs) with 2663 adults (aged 18 years and over) who had been in the ICU or in the inpatients or outpatients. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. Antibiotics are used to treat a range of illnesses and to treat infections in the body, and they can cause a wide range of complications, such as fever, coughs and sputum infections, and diarrhoea. We found that the risk of treatment failure (the time from the start of treatment to the end of treatment) was lower in people who received antibiotics compared to those who did not. The risk of death was similar in both groups. We did not find that antibiotics had an effect on the number of people who died or on the length of time spent in hospital. We also found that there was no difference between the groups in terms of hospital length of stay. There was also no difference in the numbers of patients who had adverse events (such as stomach upsets, nausea, headache, dizziness, vomiting, and tiredness) or in how well they were able to cope with their illness. We are not able to draw conclusions about the effects of the use of antibiotics for people who are in intensive care units (ICUs) or who are admitted to the ICUs. We do not know if there is a role for antibiotics in patients who are not in ICU patients, and we cannot be sure that there is one for those who are. We need more research to find out which patients might be most likely to benefit from antibiotics, and which patients are most at risk of side effects, costs, and multi-resistance (where drugs are not as good as they used to be) and for whom side effects and costs are likely to be the same as for the rest of us. We rated the quality of the evidence as low or very low for most of the outcomes. This means that we are uncertain about the accuracy of the results.
We found nine RCTs with a total of 1414 adults (age range 24 to 70; mean age 45 to 59, where reported) who were randomised to a diet of whole grain or to a low-whole grain diet. We did not find any studies that looked at the risk of death from any cause, heart attack, stroke, or other heart-disease-causing events. We found that there was no difference between the groups in the amount of cholesterol in the blood (mean 0.07/cholesterolemia, 0.21 mg/dL) or in blood pressure (measured by systolic and diastolic blood pressure). There was also no difference in the risk factors for heart disease such as blood lipids and blood pressure. Four of the nine studies were funded by national and government funding bodies, while the other six were funded or had partial or full funding by organisations with commercial interests in cereals. We assessed the quality of the evidence for cholesterol as low. The studies were small and had a high risk of bias, and no studies had an intervention duration longer than 16 weeks. There is not enough evidence to show whether or not there is an effect of eating whole grain in healthy adults on cardiovascular events or on other cardiovascular risk factors.
We found 38 randomised studies with a total of 1896 adults with an orthopaedic fracture of the knee or hip. The evidence is up-to-date as of July 2013. Only one study was judged at low risk of bias. Eight of the studies were judged to be at high risk of selection bias and over half the of the other eight were at risk of systematic bias (i.e. there was a bias in the way they were carried out). The use of an air-stirrup was found to be better than an orthosis or a walking cast in the short-term (two weeks) but not in the long-term. There was no difference in the range of range of motion between those who had had their leg fixed and those who did not. The number of people with pain at the long term and the use of a removable type of immobilising device (such as a backslab or a bandage) to enable the patient to exercise was increased in five of the eight studies that looked at this outcome. This could be due to the fact that the foot was not fully straightened out after the foot had been fixed. However, it also led to a greater risk of adverse events such as pain, swelling and swelling of the foot and ankle. One study found that people who had been treated with non-thermal (non-thermals) had less swelling compared with those treated with thermal pulsed shortwave diathermy (thermal pulsed sound waves). There was limited evidence that commencing weight-bearing made a small improvements in range of movement of the leg after surgery, but there was no improvement in the length of time the leg was in the non-fractured side. The risk of back pain was reduced from 10% to 5% in the two years after surgery and the number of patients with pain was also reduced from 25% to 10% over that time. There were no differences in the risk of re-injuries between the two groups in terms of the severity of the back pain or the need to be re-exercised. There is not enough evidence to say which type of treatment is the best for people with a dislocated knee after surgery. Some studies showed that some types of electrotherapy may be helpful. More well-designed and well-conducted trials are needed to strengthen the evidence.
We found four randomised and non-randomised controlled trials. All four studies were from low- and middle-income countries. Two were from the USA, one from the UK, and one each from Australia, Brazil, China, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, Norway, Poland, Sweden, Switzerland, and the UK. All of the studies were conducted in low- or middle- or high-income (middle- or low-middle-class) countries. All but one of the four studies was conducted in the USA. A home-based nursing intervention has the potential to improve adherence to antiretroviral medication, but more evidence is needed. Medication diaries do not appear to have an effect on adherence or disease outcomes. Peer support group therapy and a lopinavir-ritonavir (LPV/r) regimens showed that children on these regimens achieved greater reduction in the amount of virus in their blood from 30% to 80% compared to those on a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase regimens. However, the percentage of children achieving >80% adherence was no greater for the children on the lopavir regimens than for those on the NNRTI regimens, and there was no difference between the two regimens in terms of the proportion of children who had no missed doses. A non-evidence-based intervention of a peer-based carers' medication diaries has not been tested in children or adolescents. Peer-based therapy for adolescents did not change adherence, yet showed greater reduction of viral load compared to the control group. This may be due to a change in the way in which children take their medication.
This review found that a dose of fenoprofen 200 mg was effective at relieving moderate to severe acute postoperative pain in people who had had third molar extraction, laparoscopy, minor day surgery and episiotomy. There was no difference in the numbers of participants who had at least 50% pain relief over 4 to 6 hours with a single dose of this drug compared to those who had a placebo. There were too few data to analyse other doses or active comparators, time to use of rescue medication, or numbers of people who needed rescue medication. No serious adverse events or withdrawals due to adverse events were reported in these studies.
This is an update of a review that was first published in 2009. We found six randomised controlled trial (RCTs) of PFMT for prolapse treatment in 2010. Four trials (857 women) looked at PFMT as a treatment for prolapsed prolapse against a control group (n = 857) and compared it with no PFMT. Two trials looked at adding PFMT to surgery and found that women who had PFMT had a 17% chance of improvement in their prolapse when they had surgery compared to those who did not have PFMT compared to the control group. There was a significant risk of bias in two out four trials in this comparison. Prolapse symptoms and women's reports of treatment outcomes (the main measure of how well PFMT worked) were measured differently in the three trials where this was reported: all three trials showed greater improvement in prolapse symptoms in the PFMT group. Pooling the results from these trials showed that PFMT improved the risk of prolapse severity by 17% compared to control. The two trials which measured pelvic floor (pelvic floor) muscle strength found no difference in strength between the groups in one group and the other group in terms of strength. Two out of three trials which looked at how well the pelvic floor muscles worked (urodynamics, frequency and bother of symptoms, or symptom score) found differences between groups in favour of the group with PFMT treatment. One of the trials also looked at the number of times a woman had to go to the loo and found less need for this in the group. The other trial looked at whether there was a change in the frequency of bowel symptoms in women with prolapse and found no change. Both of these trials were very small and neither looked at prolapse-specific outcomes. There is now some evidence from the largest and best-known trial to date to show that six months of supervised PFMT can lead to improvement in symptoms and quality of life for symptomatic prolapse in the short-term (up to six months after the end of treatment) and improvement in the condition (if symptomatic) in the long term (over six months). However, there is not yet evidence about whether PFMT is as good as surgery for the long-term, or whether it is as effective as surgery. A large, well-designed and well-run trial comparing PFMT added to surgery is due to be done in the next few years. Other comparisons which have not been addressed in trials to date and warrant consideration are those involving lifestyle changes and trials aimed at preventing prolapse.
We found 14 trials (1,724 people with CSOM or ears) comparing quinolone antibiotics with no drug treatment or antiseptics (antibiotics applied to the skin to clear aural discharge) or other types of treatment for CSOM. Quinolones were found to be better than no drug therapy at curing CSOM at one week, but not at two weeks or at three weeks. There was no difference in the number of patients who were cured at three or four weeks between those who had been treated with antibiotics and those who were not, but this may be due to differences in the way the trials were done. The results were mixed for non-quinolone treatment, which was compared to either no drug or an antiseptic. We were not able to draw conclusions about the risk of adverse events, but it was not clear that any adverse events occurred more often in those who received antibiotics. We did not find evidence that any one type of antibiotic was more safe than any other, but the quality of the evidence was weak. More research is likely to have an effect on our confidence in the results.
We included 21 studies with a total of 6253 participants (5515 of whom 5515 were included in the analysis). Studies were conducted from 1974 to 2011, with 80% of the studies conducted in the 1970's, 1980's or 1990's. Most studies did not report study methods and many had high risk of bias. The use of FRS to diagnose schizophrenia in triage will lead to around five to 19 out of 100 people in 100 who have FRS as having schizophrenia and a diagnosis of around 40% of these will not be correct. Some of these people may experience a delay in getting the right treatment. Others, whom the triage staff will consider to have schizophrenia but will not agree with this diagnosis, could be discharged from care too soon. Empathetic, considerate use of symptoms of first rank should avoid a good proportion of these errors. We hope that newer tests - to be included in future Cochrane reviews - will show better results.
We included 10 RCTs, of which 5 were new to this update. There were 2003 participants in the 9 educational studies and 44 in the 1 study of a psychosocial self-help group. The largest and most robust study (n = 992) showed that educational interventions reduced the severity of atopic eczema in both the nurse- and dermatologist-led group and in both children and adults, and that this was achieved in both girls and boys aged 3 months to 12 years. There was no improvement in sleep in either group. We did not find any studies that assessed the impact of educational interventions on quality of life. We found that children aged three months to seven years who had been in the intervention group had a greater improvement in the quality of their sleep than those in the control group. Children aged eight months to 13 years had a better improvement in their sleep in the group in which they were in, and children aged 13 months to 18 years had better improvements than those who were in the usual care group. In three of five studies, which could not be combined because of their heterogeneity, the results showed that children in the treatment group had worse eczematitis than children who were not in the study group. However, in all of the above studies, the difference was not large enough to allow us to draw conclusions about the effectiveness of the interventions. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2016. The review found that there is a lack of good-quality, well-designed studies that have been done to assess the effects of educational and psychological interventions for the treatment of atopical eczemia in children. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found 14 trials with a total of 7753 people with LRTI. All of the people in the trials had an established radiation injury to brain, spinal cord, neck, anus and rectum. Most of them had had had their head, neck or anus irradiated by high-temperatures laser or other types of radiation. The average age of participants ranged from 55 to 70 years old. The evidence is up to date as of March 2013. The use of HBOT was found to improve the chances of the wound healing after surgery for people with a history of radiation damage to brain and spinal cord. There was also an improvement in the chance that the wound would heal without HBOT for patients who had had an ORN after tooth extraction in an irradiated field. HBOT appeared to reduce the chance of ORN in people who had their tooth teeth cut out in a field where the radiation had been applied to the surface of the skin. The risk of developing a wound that would not heal when the tooth was cut out was also reduced by HBOT. The number of participants in the HBOT group was similar to that in the control group, but there were more patients in the group treated with HBOT in one of the treatment groups. The quality of the evidence was moderate for all of the outcomes except for ORN, which was rated as low due to imprecision in the results. There is no evidence that HBOT has an effect on brain or spinal cord injury, and no data were found on other manifestations of radiation injury such as proctitis, ulcerative colitis (inflammation of the prostate or rectum) or haemorrhage.
We found 10 RCTs (studies in which compared the use of blunt or sharp needles for a range of surgery types. All of the studies were conducted in the USA. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2014. The quality of the evidence was high. We found that surgeons who used blunt needles were less likely to have a perforation in their gloves than those who used sharp needles. On average, a surgeon that used a sharp needle had one glove perforate in three of six operations. The risk of perforations in the gloves was about the same whether the surgeon used a blunt or a sharp one. In four of the 10 studies, surgeons also reported that they had less risk of getting a needle stuck in their hands when they used the blunt needles. Because the force needed for the blunt needle to penetrate the skin was more than twice that of the sharp needle, their use was rated as more difficult but still acceptable in five out of six studies.
We found that trifluoperazine was no better than low-potency antipsychotics in terms of the number of people who responded to treatment, number with at least one side effect and the number who stopped taking the drug due to any reason. Trifluopazine was also no more or less likely to cause any side effects than either drug. On the other hand, it caused more people to have movement disorders. The number of randomised studies as well as their quality is low, the quality of evidence ranged from moderate to very low, so more, newer studies would be needed before we can draw any firm conclusions about the effectiveness and side-effects of this drug.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 593 preterm infants. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. The included RCTs were generally of low or very low risk of bias due to flaws in the way they were designed and performed. We found that some preterm preterm babies who were fed in response to feeding cues were able to eat and drink from a feeding tube sooner than those who were only fed on a schedule. We did not find evidence that the time taken for a preterm baby to transition from feeding from a tube to eating from a mouth to a mouth was any longer. We also found that there was no difference in the rate of weight gain or the length of time spent in hospital. None of the trials reported any of the parents, carers, or staff views on the intervention. Overall, the data do not provide strong or clear results for preterm newborns or their families. A large, well-designed RCT would be needed to confirm this finding and to find out if there is any effect on other outcomes.
We found that there were no major events in the included in the studies. The review did not report on mortality and rate of limb loss. One of the trials showed that there was a benefit of folic acid and 5-methyltetrahydrofolate (5-MTHF) in the reduction of ankle brachial index (ABI) in participants who received folic acids. The other trial showed no improvement in ABI in those who received a multivitamin B (B-complex) supplement. No major events were found in the other trial. Currently, no conclusion can be made about the value of treatment of hyperhomocysteinaemia in peripheral arterial disease. Further well-designed and well-conducted trials are needed.
We found that there have been only a few randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that have looked at the impact of the use of fees for services paid to dentists compared with other forms of remuneration. The RCTs have been carried out in the UK and the USA and have been published in the last 10 years. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2016. We found that the overall quality of the evidence was low/very low for all outcomes. We judged the risk of bias to be high for both studies and the overall evidence was of low or very low quality. This means that we are uncertain about the accuracy of the results. One study found that dentists in the group that received a fee-for-service payment were more likely to carry out fillings and extractions and to give more preventive advice. However, the study was from the four most deprived areas of the UK, so it is not clear if the results would be the same in other parts of the world. The other study compared capitation (where teeth are restored at a later stage in the disease process in the capitation system) payments with fee- for-service payments. In this study, teeth were restored later in the process and the dentists tended to see their patients less often and tended to do less filling and taking out teeth, but they did give more advice. There was not much information about the cost-effectiveness of the different methods of payment. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found 21 randomised controlled trials involving over 17,000 women and their babies. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2014. We found that the risk of preterm birth was 14% lower in the group of women who took zinc compared with the group who did not take zinc (16 randomised trials involving 7637 women). This was not accompanied by a reduction in numbers of newborns with low birthweight (14 trials of 5643 women). No clear differences were seen between the groups for any of the other outcomes, except for induction of labour in a single trial. There was no difference between groups in the subgroups of women with low or very low levels of zinc in their blood, or in those who followed the advice of their doctors to take zinc or not to take it. The quality of the evidence was moderate for preterm births, small-for-gestational age, and low birthweights, and was low for stillbirth or neonatal death and birthweight. The main reasons for this were poor nutrition and low zinc levels in the blood of women in low- and very low-income countries, and high perinatal deaths.
We found 10 RCTs (1656 participants) comparing probiotics to antifungal drugs. Probiotics increased the rate of short-term and mycological cure and decreased the relapse rate at one month. However, probiotics did not lead to a higher frequency of long-term cure or mycologic cure. Probiotic use does not seem to cause any side effects. We did not find any evidence that probiotics increase the risk of serious or non-serious side events. There is a need for well-designed randomised trials with a longer follow-up time and a larger number of participants.
We found that progestogens (progesterone and progestogen-like drugs) are effective in reducing the risk of miscarriage and the rate of preterm birth in women who are at high risk of developing preterm labour. We are not sure if progestogenic drugs have any effect on preterm births because the quality of the evidence was low or very low. The quality of evidence for the main outcomes ranged from very low to moderate. This is mainly due to the small number of events and wide confidence intervals for some of the outcomes.
We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared laser photocoagulants with no laser treatment or with other types of laser treatment. A total of 4786 eyes (9503 eyes) were included in these five RCTs. The majority of participants in four of these trials were people with a type of retinopathy called 'proliferative' (spontaneous) retinitis; one of the other four trials recruited mainly people with 'non-prolifative' retinomy (retinopathy that does not progress to the next stage of the disease). Three of the five trials were conducted in the USA, one in the UK and one in Japan. All five of the trials were at risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions due to the way that the trial was run and the way in which it was run) and all had a high risk of attrition bias (ie, people who dropped out of the studies before the end of treatment). At 12 months after laser treatment, the risk of loss of 15 or more letters of visual acuity was 50% lower in eyes that received laser treatment compared to eyes that did not receive laser treatment in terms of the number of eyes that had lost any of the letters that make up the 'optical letters' (called 'optimal' acuity). The risk of vitreous haemorrhage (scarring) was the same in both groups of eyes. None of the four trials that looked at the long-term effects of the laser treatment reported any adverse events such as loss of quality of life, pain, loss of driving licence or detachment of the retina. We judged the quality of the evidence to be moderate or low, depending on the outcome. This is partly due to reporting of trials that were done many years ago, after which laser treatment has become the mainstay of treatment for people with proliferative retinopathies.
We found that CPAP or bilevel NPPV may reduce the need for a tracheal tube to be placed in the airway (tracheal intubation) and the length of time spent in the ICU. We found no difference in the risk of death (low or very low) or in the number of days spent in ICU for any of these outcomes. There was not enough evidence to be able to draw conclusions about leakage from the anastomotric tube, pneumonia- and sepsis- and blood infections. One trial of 60 adults (67% men) who received CPAP compared to oxygen therapy showed that bilevopride may improve blood gas levels and blood pH one hour after the intervention. We did not find any difference between the groups for mortality or ICU length of stay. The evidence is up to date as of March 2017. The quality of the evidence was low or very poor. More good quality studies are needed to confirm these findings.
We found four trials involving 388 women that were judged to be at a high risk of bias (i.e. there was a risk of systematic error in the design and execution of the trial) and at risk of random error (there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way the trial was run and run). All of the women in the trials had forceps delivery by forceps or caesarean birth. All four of the trials assessed analgesia for forceps birth. A variety of analgesics were assessed in the studies, and a number of methods were used to measure pain relief. Three of the four trials compared diazepam with an alternative analgesic agent (ketamine; vinydan-ether; "other" anaesthetist's medicine; or lignocaine) for the provision of general anaesthesia, and one trial compared spinal analgesia to pudendal nerve block (a type of anaesthesia in which a block is placed on the tip of the spinal cord to reduce the amount of pain caused by the forceps. In both of these comparisons, there was no difference between the two groups in terms of the number of women who rated their pain relief as good or very good. However, in the trial that compared spinal painkillers to a nerve block, the spinal painkiller was found to be better than the other analgesic. There was no evidence that any of the analgesics was better than any other for reducing the pain experienced by the woman during forceps surgery. No trial looked at the effect of analgesia on the health of the newborns. None of the included in the review looked at serious adverse events for the mothers or babies, and no data were found on the effects of analgesic drugs on neonatal health.
We found 15 RCTs with a total of 1048 adults with asthma. Most of the trials were from India, and most were from Europe and the USA. The majority of participants were adults of both sexes, and they were adults with mild to moderate asthma who had been in the studies for six months to more than 23 years. Five of the 15 studies assessed the effects of yoga breathing alone, while the other six studies assessed yoga interventions that used breathing, posture, and meditation. The studies lasted from two weeks to 54 months, for no more than six months in the majority of them. We found that there was some evidence that yoga may be able to improve quality of life, but we are not sure if this is an effect that is likely to be important to people with severe asthma. We also found that some people with asthma may have improved their symptoms, and some may have used less of their asthma drugs. We did not find that yoga was able to change the amount of air that people breathe in and out of their lungs, or change the change in forced expiratory volume in one second (change in air that a person can breathe out in one breath). We also did not have enough data to be sure that there were any adverse events or that yoga had any effect on people's lung function or their use of asthma medication. We rated the quality of the evidence from studies using four levels: very low, low, moderate, high, or high. Very low-risk of bias means that we are very uncertain about the results. High-risk groups mean that we have very low confidence in the findings. We judged the risk of bias to be low or very low for most of the outcomes, but high risk for at least one of them for some outcomes.
We found 10 randomised trials (249 participants) that used a range of drugs to treat people with IBM. All of the drugs included in this review were drugs that are used to treat patients with the most severe form of the disease, which is called intracranial myeloid leukaemia (i.e. a tumour of the inner lining of the colon and blood cells that has spread to other parts of the body, such as the brain, heart, and lungs). The drugs tested in the 10 trials were different from each other in terms of the type of drug used and the length of treatment. Many of the trials did not report information that we could use to assess the effects of the treatments. We were not able to draw conclusions from trials of IVIg, oxandrolone, azathioprine, and arimoclomol. Trials of interferon beta-1a and methotrexate (MTX) showed that there was no effect of these drugs on the progression of myelodysplasia. A trial of ATG combined with MTX and MTX compared to MTX provided very low-quality evidence in favour of the ATG treatment based on the percentage change in muscle strength scores. None of the nine trials that we found were large, had a high risk of bias, and had a short follow-up time. We need larger, longer-term, well-planned, and well-conducted, randomised controlled trials to determine whether or not any of the drug treatments in this group of drugs are effective.
We found nine RCTs (3144 adults and children) comparing linezolol with vancomycin for treating adults with SSTIs caused by MRSA. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2014. We found that linezolid was more than twice as effective in the cure rate of adults with an SSTI due to MRSA and was three days shorter in hospital stay than with a placebo. There was no difference in all-cause deaths between linezoli and vancomi-cin. There were fewer cases of red man syndrome, pruritus and rash in the linezolic group, but more cases of thrombocytopenia (inflammation of the white blood cells) and nausea when treated with linezole. The length of time spent in hospital was shorter for those receiving linezolin than for those not in the treatment group. The cost of treatment was less with oral linezolate than with intravenous treatment. Further well-planned, well-designed, and well-conducted, randomised trials are needed to confirm the findings of this review. The available evidence is at high risk of bias and is based on studies that were supported by the drug that makes linezolar.
We included eight RCTs with a total of 512 patients in this review. The evidence is up-to-date as of December 2014. The results of this review showed no differences between the two types of surgery in terms of the number of deaths, the time taken for the gastric emptying, or the length of time it took for the stomach to empty after surgery. However, some of the perioperative outcomes showed that the paucity of blood loss and the need for a red blood cell transfusion were lower in the PPW group than in the control group. The risk of dying after surgery did not differ between the groups, and overall survival did not seem to differ, except for a delay in emptying of the stomach, which was reported in one patient who had a gastric resection after surgery in the PWH group. All of the findings were based on low-quality evidence, which means that we are uncertain about the accuracy of the results.
We found six RCTs with a total of 1862 patients. Five of the six studies reported the risk of death in patients with subarachnoid haemorrhage, and the other five studies reported death and severe disability (unfavourable outcome). The number of deaths was reported in five of the studies, and in three of the trials, there was no difference between patients who received or did not receive the drug and those who received the drug but did not have a subgroup of patients who had a brain bleed. The risk of dying in the subgroup that received nimodipine was similar to that in the other subgroup, but there was an increased risk of side effects in those who took the drug, which may mean that the drug is harmful for some patients.
We included four RCTs with a total of 3090 participants in this review. Three of the studies were considered to be at a low risk of bias, and one was at a high risk. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2018. We have not been able to conclude conclusively whether immediate defibrillation and one and one-half to three-and-a-half-minute of CPR combined with defibrillation have the same effects on rates of return of the heart, survival to discharge or brain injury. We could not rule out that one treatment is better than the other. Adverse events were not reported in any of the four trials. More high-quality research is needed in this area.
This review found that there is not enough evidence to support the routine use of any one treatment for any of these problems in IVF. There is a need for more research in this area. The evidence is up to date as of July 2013.
We found 53 randomised controlled trials (RCTs; a type of study in which people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that looked at the effectiveness of family care for people with schizophrenia. We found that family care may help reduce the risk of relapsing and the need for treatment in the short-term (i.e. for six months or less) and the likelihood of relapse (ie, re-occurrence of the symptoms of the illness) in the long-term. It does not seem to have an effect on the number of people who leave care but does not make a difference to the amount of medication people take or how well they do in daily life. We did not find data to show whether or not family care helps people to avoid suicide. However, the quality of the studies was poor and it is possible that some of the results may be due to imprecision due to the poor methods used in the design of the trials.
We found three randomised trials that compared DEBs with uncoated balloon angioplasty in 263 adults with in-stent restenosis within the femoropopliteal arteries of the heart. These trials were carried out in Germany and Austria and used paclitaxel as the agent in the drug-eluting balloons. Two of the three trials were industry-sponsored. All three trials compared the use of DEBs versus uncoaled balloons for treating symptome-reversal of the blockage caused by the stent in the artery. We found that the risk of amputation was no greater in the DEBs group than in the uncoate group. The risk of death was the same in both groups. DEBs were found to be better than uncoosed balloons for revascularization of the artery and binary restenotation (removal of a blockage that does not lead to a new blockage) for up to 24 months after the end of treatment. We did not find any clear difference in the number of deaths between DEBs and uncoaked balloons. The quality of evidence was very low due to the small size of the trials and the high risk of bias in the design of the studies.
We found that corticosteroids can reduce the risk of coronary artery problems and the duration of fever and rash in children with KD. We also found that children who received a long course of steroids were less ill and spent less time in hospital. We found that some groups may be more likely to benefit than others, but more studies are needed before we can be sure of this. Certain groups, such as those based in Asia, those with a higher risk of heart problems, and those receiving longer steroids, may have greater benefit from steroid use, although more tests are needed to answer these questions. Evidence quality was assessed as high for the incidence of serious adverse events, death and time for blood tests to return to normal. Evidence was rated as moderate for the number of heart defects and the length of time spent in hospital, and as low quality for the time spent on fever, rash and time to normalise blood tests. This means that we are reasonably confident that the true effect is close to that estimated in this work.
We included eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 846 participants. Four of these RCTs compared PIP with a control group (i.e. another PIP, video-interaction guidance, psychosocial help, counselling, or a form of psychotherapy) and two of these included a group that received PIP in addition to an alternative treatment group (two of these studies used a control treatment group and one study used an alternative therapy). The studies were conducted in women with postpartum depression, anxious or insecure attachment, maltreated, and people who had been in prison. We found that PIP was no more or less effective than other types of PIP for improving parental mental health (depressive, anxious, disorganised, and secure) and reducing the risk of parental depression. There was no difference between PIP and the control group in any of the outcomes measured at post-intervention or at the end of follow-up. There were improvements in the number of infants who were found to be more secure in the PIP group and in the other PIP groups. However, there was no improvement in the numbers of babies who were able to move from a secure to a more secure (or vice-versa) attachment style. None of the other outcomes measured, such as adverse events, side effects, or any side effects of the intervention, showed differences in the outcomes or any changes in the parents' or infants' views on PIP. We rated the quality of the evidence as low or very low for all comparisons. This means that we are uncertain about the results and that further research is very likely to have an effect on our confidence in them.
We found one new study in this update of the review. In total, we found 11 trials (with 753 participants) that met our criteria. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. The low quality of evidence showed no difference in Apgar scores at one minute and at five minutes between the groups. None of the 11 randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled and quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the effect of adding oxygen to the baby's blood during caesarean surgery showed that there was no effect on the number of women with low blood oxygen levels at the time of the surgery. The very low and low grade of the evidence showed that in comparison to room air, women in labour with a healthy term pregnancy who received extra oxygen had higher levels of oxygen in the blood, and there was an increase in the amount of blood oxygen (PaO2) and UPO2 (foetal umbilical arterial blood) in the baby. However, there was high risk of bias in the way the results were analysed in the low-risk and high-risk groups of the studies. The results should be interpreted with caution due to the low grade quality of the data.
We found twelve randomised trials with a total of 2196 adults with a range of ages from 18 to 74 years of age. The evidence is up to date as of February 2011. Six of the twelve trials provided data on the percentage of pills taken. We found that the use of a reminder pack increased the number of pills patients took by 11% (range 6% to 17%). However, the results were not consistent across the trials. We also found that reminder packs reduced blood pressure and blood levels of glucose in the blood, and reduced the amount of blood sugar in the urine. We did not find any effect of reminder packs on blood pressure or on blood sugar levels, and we could not be sure if they had an effect on patients' self-reports of taking their pills. We were not able to draw conclusions about the effectiveness of reminder packing in terms of reducing the risk of stroke, heart attack, stroke, or stroke-like symptoms. In one study the presence of a reminding aid was found to be preferred by patients with low literacy levels. Reminder packs are easy to use and may be a simple way to help patients take their pills on time. However, it is not clear how often or how often they should be used or how well they work. Further research is needed to improve the design and targeting of these devices.
We found 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing 11 different drugs (methylprednisolone, multivitamin antioxidants, amrinone, prostaglandin E1, pentoxifylline, mannitol, trimetazidine, dextrose, allopurinol, and OKY 046 (a thromboxane A2 synthetase inhibitor) with controls. All trials had high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions due to the play of chance). There were no differences between the groups in the risk of death, liver failure, or perioperative complications. Trimetazidine reduced the rate of ischaemia reperfusion injury and the length of time spent in hospital. However, there was no difference between the two groups in any of the outcomes that are important for patients. The use of these drugs should be based on well-planned and well-conducted RCTs.
We found 61 randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, cross-over studies of people with any type of cancer who had received any form of cancer treatment for any length of time. We were able to combine data from 52 of these studies, of which at least 4499 had their kidneys tested, to answer our review question. We found that people with cancer who received treatment with cisplatin, carboplatin, ifosfamide, nephrectomy, or any combination of these had different rates of side effects. The risk of side-effects ranged from 0% to 84%. This may be due to differences in the types of cancer, the type of treatment and the length of follow-up in the studies, as well as the quality of the evidence. One of the main risk factors for side effects was a decreased glomerular volume (glomerular filtral volume, which is the volume of blood in the kidney that drains from the body and returns to the body in the form of a blood stream called the glomerulus. This was found in at least 432 participants in CCS, who had been treated with aminoglycosides and vancomycin (a drug used to treat cancer in the pancreas) and were followed up for at least three years. The other risk factors were low blood pressure, low platelets (blood in the blood, which can lead to high blood pressure) and low white blood cell counts (hypomagnesaemia), which can occur when the body mass index (HMB) is greater than or close to 30 kg/m2. The evidence is up to date as of March 2016. The studies included in this review were of 13,327 adults with a mean age of over 60 years old. All of the studies were of high quality, but had a wide range of participants, treatments and outcomes. All studies had a high risk of bias, which means that their results may be imprecise and may not represent the truth. The quality of evidence was low to very low for most of the outcomes. The main reasons for this were lack of precision and imprecision in the results.
We found that Niprisan® (also known as Nicosan®) and Cajanus cajan (Ciklavit®) may be effective in reducing episodes of severe painful sickle cell disease crises. The results of the largest trial suggest that over a six-month follow-up (pivotal) trial showed that the phytomedicine reduced the number of episodes of the most severe episodes of pain and the level of anaemia (low- or very low-quality evidence). No serious side-effects were reported. The one small trial of Cajan reported a possible benefit to those with painful crises and a possible adverse effect (non-significant) on the levels of anaemicemia. Currently no conclusions can be made about the effectiveness of Ciklavits®. Based on the published results for the published trials, phytomimetics may have a benefit in reducing the occurrence of painful crises in people with sickled cell disease. This needs to be further assessed in future trials. More trials are needed to assess the effectiveness and safety of these drugs. The evidence is up to date as of March 2014.
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1999 adults with HL of any age and any type of HL. All three RCTs had a high risk of bias, which means that participants may have been aware of which group they were in, but not aware of the group to which they were assigned. One RCT was conducted in the UK, one in the USA and one in Australia. The studies were reported as randomised trials, but the way they were done meant that it was not possible to tell whether participants were aware of whether they had been in the treatment group or the control group. Two of the trials (1999 adults) looked at the effect of PET-adapted therapy (chemotherapy plus radiotherapy) in people with HL and a negative PET scan. The third trial looked at PET-based treatments in adults with advanced HL. It is still not clear whether patients with HL who have a PET scan as part of their initial treatment are more likely to survive than those who do not have one. We found that PFS (time to death from HL) was shorter in those who had received PET-treatment alone rather than in those receiving treatment with radiotherapy. This difference was apparent in comparisons of those who received no additional treatment (PET-treatment only) and those who were also treated with additional treatment but did not have any treatment. No data on long-term AEs were found in any of the three trials. We are not sure whether this PFS advantage will translate into an improvement in overall survival. To date, no robust data on OS, response rate, TRM, QoL, or short- and long- term AEs are available. We judged the quality of the evidence to be very low to low. The main reasons for this were the lack of blinding (i.e. whether patients and their doctors knew which arm they were put into) and the fact that only one of the studies was published in an abstract form, which meant that we were not able to assess whether there was any potential for bias in the way it was done.
We found 31 randomised, double-blind, quasi-randomized, and quasi-trials of different types of birth-control pills, injectables, vaginal rings, and implants. None included a placebo. Twenty-one of the 31 trials looked at the same types of contraceptive pills: a pill and an injectable (injectable is a pill that is placed in a vein) or a pill plus a hormone called norethisterone. Twelve studies looked at desogestrel pills, and the few differences from levonorgestrel COCs were inconsistent. Where data could not be combined, single studies showed lower mean fasting glucose and higher means for two-hour glucose response and insulin area under the curve (AUC) and a lower mean AUC for fasting glucose. We still do not know very much about women at risk for metabolic problems due to being overweight. More than half of the trials had a high risk of bias due to the way they were done. Many trials had small numbers of participants and some had large losses. Many of the studies did not report methods clearly.
We found 10 RCTs with a total of 579 adults (aged 18 years and over) who had symptomatic hip OA. Nine of the 10 trials (549 adults) showed that exercise reduced pain by an average of 0.38 points on a 0- to 100-point scale (0 was no pain or loss of function) immediately after the end of treatment. Pain was reduced by 8 points in the control group and by 7 points in people in the exercise group. The improvement in pain was sustained at least three to six months after treatment was stopped. Pain and quality of life were not reported by any of the trials. Only three trials (183 adults) looked at the effect of exercise on the quality of people's life and found that there was no improvement. People in the treatment group were more than twice as likely to drop out of the group as those in the non-exercise group, but this difference was not significant (95% CI -1% to 4%). Of the five trials that looked at adverse events, each of them had only one or two events and all were related to increased pain attributed to the exercise programme. Five trials (419 adults) only looked at people with hip or knee OA and found no difference in pain or physical function between those who did or did not do exercise compared with people who did not take part in the study. There was no difference between the groups in terms of the number of people who dropped out because of adverse events. Overall, the results of these 10 trials showed that land-based exercise programmes can reduce pain and improve physical function in people with symptome hip pain in the short-term (no more than three months) and long-term period (more than six months) after treatment. There is a need for further research in this area.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 260 people with MS. Six of the nine RCTs looked at the effects of exercise therapy compared to no exercise therapy, and three studies looked at exercises that both met our criteria for what we considered to be 'exercise therapy'. The results of the review showed that there was strong evidence in favour of the use of exercises in terms of muscle strength, exercise tolerance functions and activities related to mobility. There was also evidence of improvement in mood, fatigue and perception of handicap. No evidence was found that one type of treatment was better than any other. No adverse events were found in any of the studies. There is an urgent need for consensus on a core set of outcomes that should be used in all of the trials in this field. In order to achieve this, there should be a large-scale, well-designed and well-conducted randomised trial that is of high quality. It should also look at the effect of exercise on the type of MS, length of follow-up and quality of life of participants.
We found only one randomised trial (75 adults with a mean age of 43 years; females: 65% of the people in the trial had a high risk of bias) that compared early laparoscopic cholecystectomy (less than 24 hours after the diagnosis of biliary colic) with delayed laparoscopy (4.2 months) for elective laparopoietic surgery. There were no deaths in the early group (0/35) (0%) compared with 1/40 (2.5%) in the delay-delayed group (P > 0.9999). There was no bile duct injury in any of the participants in either group. None of the patients had any complications related to the surgery in either of the groups. The complications that the patients suffered were pancreatitis (n = 1), empyema (scarring of the gallbladder), perforation of the gynaecoid (perforation in the gastro-gastric wall), gallblad (hole in the wall that drains bile out of the body), cholangitis (jaundice), obstructive jaundice (yellowing of the skin), and recurrences of bile in the biliary tract (recurrences) (requiring further surgery). In total, 14 patients were admitted to hospital for the above symptoms. All of these admissions occurred in the delayed group as all the patients were operated on within 24 hours in the later group. The percentage of people who had a complication in the surgery was 0/28 (0%), which was significantly less than in the late group (9/40) (P = 0.0082). The time taken for the surgery to be done was 1.25 days shorter in the earlier group (MD -2.05 to -0.45) and the length of time spent in the hospital was 14.80 hours. The trial did not report quality of life or the time to return to work. Based on evidence from only one high-bias risk trial, it was found that the risk of dying from the surgery or from complications was lower in the patients who had the surgery sooner than in those who had surgery later. There was also a reduction in the number of patients who required conversion to open surgery (from open surgery to closed surgery) in the group that had surgery first. The risk of developing a complication was 0% in the first group and 9% in both groups in the second. Further randomised trials are needed to confirm or refute these findings, and to determine if surgery later than surgery first is better than surgery later if the waiting time is shortened.
We found 11 randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of long-term or short-term antibiotic prophylactics for orthognathic surgery in adults. We found that the risk of developing SSI was reduced by between 76% and 0.26% with a long term dose of antibiotics compared with a one-day dose. However, we are not sure whether this difference would be the same with a single dose of the same antibiotic. We also found that there was not enough information to show whether one type of antibiotic was better than any other. The risk of side-effects associated with the drugs was not assessed in any of the trials that assessed this outcome. We rated the quality of evidence for our main outcomes as low to very low. Most of the studies had a high risk of bias (ie, there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions due to play of chance).
We found one randomised controlled trial, involving 40 infants and 42 women, that looked at elective preterm birth at 36 weeks' gestation for babies with gastroschisis. The babies were born by caesarean (surgery to open up the birth canal) or by spontaneous birth (birth without surgery). There were no differences between the groups in birthweight, ventilator requirements, necrotising enterocolitis and need for repeat surgery. There was a difference in gestational age at birth between the two arms of the trial (35.8 weeks in the elective group and 36.7 in the'spontaneous' group), which may be due to a trend for preterm births in women with a preterm pregnancy due to the gastroscopic growth of the baby's intestines. This review is not able to draw any firm conclusions about the best time to give birth for the birth of preterm-born babies with a birth defect caused by a hole in the baby’s stomach. It is not possible to say whether the intervention is beneficial or harmful for these babies or their mothers. Only one small trial is included in this review. More research is needed in this area.
We found three studies in adults, all of which used paracetamol as an add-on to strong opioid painkillers (morphine-relief drugs, such as oxycodone, codeine, hydrocortisone, and hydralazine) and lasted up to one week. We found no studies in children. All three of the studies were at high risk of bias, which means that their results may not be reliable. None of the three studies reported any of our main outcomes: participants with pain reduction of at least 50%, and at least 30%, from baseline; people with pain that was no worse than mild at the end of the treatment period; or people with a very good or very good quality of life. What pain reports there were indicated no difference in pain when added to other painkillers. There was no evidence of any other side effects. We were not able to draw any conclusions about the use of par acetaminophen in the first stage of treatment for cancer pain from the three-step method used by the World Health Organization (WHO) for reducing cancer pain (the first two steps of the 'three-step WHO pain ladder'). It is not clear whether any more painkillers are needed than the strong painkillers used in the available studies, in view of the large amount of opioid drugs used. There is no high-quality evidence to support or not to support the use or refute the use for the first phase of treatment of cancer pain, either alone or in combination with strong opioid drugs.
This is an update of a Cochrane review that was first published in 2004. Fifteen randomised controlled trials were found, 14 of which were from China and 14 from the USA. All of the drugs evaluated were antimuscarinics (astemizole, diphenhydramine, propantheline, doxepin, oryzanol and astemizole) and the other drugs were different from each other in terms of effectiveness. Most of the results were based on the size of the wet patch on the pillow. There is not enough evidence to be sure that any of these drugs are better than any other. There are other drugs that may be of use, but they are not as good or as safe as the drugs used in the Chinese medicine trials. The quality of the evidence was poor and the risk of bias was high.
We included six RCTs, with a total of 195 adults with MS. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. The studies compared people with MS who were able to breathe on their own to people who were not able to do so, and people who did or did not do either of these treatments. We found that people who had exercised their breathing muscles in the first few weeks after the start of the RCT had a greater improvement in the amount of air they could breathe out compared to those who did not breathe at all. However, we did not find that there was a difference between the groups in terms of how much air was pumped out of the lungs at the end of the trial or in the number of times a person had to breathe out at the same time as they did it. We also found that when we looked at the effect of training with a threshold device (e.g. a resistive threshold device, which is a device placed on the top of the lung to make it hard for air to reach the lungs) on the level of pressure that the lungs can breathe out, there was no difference between groups. There was also no difference in how tired people were when they left the study. We could not draw conclusions about quality of life because of the lack of data. The quality of evidence was low for all outcomes because of limitations in the design of the studies as well as imprecision of the results. This means that we cannot be sure that the results we found are valid.
We found one randomised controlled trial (RCT) comparing the use of betamethasone (1.5 mg/day) with no medication to treat ITP in women with ITP. This RCT compared 38 women (41 pregnancies) with 26 women (28 pregnancies) and found no difference in the risk of neonatal thrombocytopenia (blood clots in the brain) and neonatal bleeding (blood in the urine) between the two groups. The RCT did not look at important outcomes such as maternal death, perinatal deaths, postpartum haemorrhage or neonatal brain bleeds. This Cochrane review does not provide evidence about other treatments for ITP during pregnancy. There is a need for well-designed, large, randomised, and well-conducted randomised clinical trials on the treatment of ITP for this condition in pregnant women.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared any type of corneal surgery with either DALK or DALK in adults (≥ 18 years of age) with keratoconus (scarring of the cornea) that had not healed on its own. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2015. We found only one study with a total of 111 adults (n = 30 and n = 81) that met our criteria. Both were from Iran and both were conducted in the 1980s. Participants had moderate to severe keratotecanus when they were selected for one of the treatment groups. Only one eye of each participant was treated as part of the trials. For the smaller study, four DALK surgeries had to be abandoned due to failure and the results were not measured in these participants. The follow-up length for the remaining 77 participants ranged from 6.8 to 36.4 months, with all 77 followed for at least three months after the suture was taken out. No postoperative graft failures were reported in the DALK group of either study. There were a few cases of graft failure in both groups, in both studies. The majority of these cases were treated with steroids. DALK surgery was not able to be completed as planned in four cases and in a further three cases, the surgery was stopped due to complications during dissection. Other adverse events, of varying severity, were found in both types of surgery, and these included postoperative astigmatism, steroid-induced ocular hypertension (high blood pressure in the eye) and a proliferation of blood vessels where the host and donor cornea come together. In the penetrating keratoplasty group, one participant had graft resuturing and one had an atonic pupil (a condition in which the pupil does not dilate and is non-reactive). The quality of the evidence was rated as very low to moderate. The studies were small and had a high risk of bias, which means that their results may not be valid and imprecise.
We found 67 randomised, double-blind, quasi-randomised and quasi-trials (RCTs) of iron supplementation in 8506 women. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. The review found that iron supplementation reduced the risk of anaemia (low blood counts) and iron-deficiency anaemia compared to women who did not take iron. Women were less likely to be anaemic at the end of treatment (10 studies, 3273 women) and had a higher haemoglobin concentration (high concentration of iron in the blood) than those who received no iron (51 studies, 6861 women). The risk of iron deficiency was lower in women who took iron (7 studies, 1088 women) than in those who took no iron. We did not find evidence of an increased risk of nausea or stomach pain in women taking iron. There was no difference between groups in the number of women who had diarrhoea, loose stools/diarrhoea or hard stools. We could not combine the data from the studies due to differences in reporting, but there was no evidence that women were more or less satisfied with their iron intake. We found that women who received iron were more than twice as sure that they were taking iron as those who were not taking it (high quality of evidence). Women who were given iron were also more than three times as sure of taking iron in terms of their iron levels and had higher iron levels in their blood compared to those not taking iron (high and very high and very low quality of results). We were not able to draw conclusions about whether iron was better than no iron, as the quality of the evidence was very low or very low. We were unable to combine the results from the same number of studies as there were too few women in some of the studies to be sure of the results. We also could not be sure whether women who were added to iron groups were as sure as those added to control groups that they had been assigned to take iron or not (low quality of data). We are not sure if iron is better or worse than placebo (dummy pill) for women with pre-existing anaemia or iron deficiency. We are also not sure whether iron improves the way in which women think and think, as there was not enough data to be certain about this. The studies did not look at the effect of iron on women's quality of life, and we could not tell whether or not they were as good as we thought they would be.
We found five randomised studies with a total of 1,726 patients. All-cause deaths were not reduced in patients who were treated with the combination of irinotecan and fluoropyrimidine. The risk of death from any cause was 0.91 (range 0.81-1.02). There was no reduction in all-cause death in the combination arm, but this result may have been driven by findings from the single first-line study in which this treatment was used as the first line of treatment. The quality of evidence for overall survival was low and for progression-free survival was moderate, mainly due to limitations in the design of the study. There were higher risks of adverse events such as diarrhoea and grade 1 or 2 alopecia, and a lower risk of neutropenia in patients in the control group. Evidence for toxicity has been assessed to be of moderate to low quality.
We found that a transverse or oblique incision has less impact on pulmonary function, is less prone to rupture (wound dehiscence/incisional hernia) and may look better. There was no difference seen in other early or late post-operative complications and recovery times although the transverse incision may be cosmetically more acceptable. The use of analgesic drugs may be lower with a transversal incision but this does not seem to be important in the short term as pulmonary complication rates and the recovery times were the same.
We found nine RCTs with a total of 9981 people with subacute low-back pain. Five studies were from Europe and four from the USA. The mean age of participants ranged from 32.0 to 43.7 years. All of the people included in the studies had low back pain and were able to walk and run. People who received MBR had less pain and less disability and were more likely to return to work at 12-month follow-up compared to those who did not receive MBR. However, when we compared MBR to other types of treatment (i.e. brief treatment with features from a light exercise program and a graded activity program, to a brief program to help people to walk, and to help them to walk with the help of a physiotherapist), we found no difference between the groups in terms of pain, time away from work, or return-to-work. Although we looked for adverse events in both comparisons, none of the studies reported this outcome. The quality of evidence was low to very low due to risk of bias, imprecision, and lack of consistency in the results. We are unsure whether MBR is better or worse than any other type of treatment for subacutive low- back pain. The effect sizes for pain and disability were too small to be of any clinical use, and the effects for work-related outcomes were in the low to moderate range. More high-quality research is needed before we can be certain about the value of MBP for patients.
We found 18 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 4843 men with prostate cancer spread to the bone. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2018. Bisphosphonates are a drug used to treat prostate cancer metastatic to bone in men. We found that there may be no difference in the number of men with pain in the proportion of men who felt pain when compared to men who did not receive bisphosphosporins (no treatment) in men with bone metastasis from prostate cancer. However, we found that men who received bisphosporin probably had less pain and were less likely to die from the disease or have osteonecrosis of the jaw (breakdown of bone in the jaw caused by cancer spreading from the prostate to the bones). We found no difference between the groups in terms of the risk of renal (kidneys) side-effects (side-effects that may be caused by the kidneys, such as blood clots in the urine and low blood counts in the legs and feet) or in the need to take more painkillers (such as paracetamol (acetaminophen) or ibuprofen) or codeine). We did not find any difference in quality of life (which is a measure of a patient's satisfaction with their life and health) and we were not able to extract any results for this outcome from the included RCTs. We did find that men receiving bisosphonate probably had fewer SREs (skeletal-related events) and had a lower risk of dying from the cancer than men receiving no treatment. We also found that people who were more likely to be affected by nausea (nausea) and that there was a higher risk of kidney side effects in men who were given bisosphosorcinolone compared to those who were not. We observed no differences in the amount of painkillers that men took between the two groups. We considered the quality of evidence to be low to very low because of the lack of precision in the results and the wide range of results across the trials.
We found five RCTs (1093 patients) comparing HDT + ASCT with chemotherapy or immuno-chemotherapy in patients with relapsed FL. Four of the trials were in patients who had not received any treatment for their cancer and one in those who had had their cancer spread to other parts of the body (known as relapsed or relapsed lymphoma). The other four were in people who had been treated for their disease but had not yet had any symptoms of cancer. All trials were randomised and judged to be open-label, which means that patients and their carers are not aware of the type of treatment received. Overall, the quality of the five trials is assessed to be moderate. We found that patients who received HDT plus ASCT were more than twice as likely to be alive at the end of six months from the start of treatment (PFS) compared with those who did not receive treatment (OS). We did not find that the PFS was greater in the group of patients who were treated with rituximab (a new drug that has been developed to treat patients with cancer of the white blood cells) than in the control group. We also found that there was no difference in terms of the risk of dying from any of the cancer types in the treatment groups. For patients who have relapsed their cancer, there was some improvement in PFS and OS in those treated with HDT and ASCT compared with chemotherapy. These effects are confirmed in a subgroup analysis (one trial) of the same treatment group (70 patients) in which the treatment group was added to the other group and the trial had to be stopped early due to an improvement in OS in the HDT group. However, this improvement was not large enough to be able to show whether this improvement translates into an overall improvement in life-time. Adverse events were rarely reported and were found more often in patients receiving HDT. In summary, the evidence is current to September 2014.
We found 15 randomised controlled trials (1437 adults) comparing WDD with other types of antipsychotic drugs and other treatments for schizophrenia. We found that WDD may improve the short-term quality of life of people with schizophrenia when compared to placebo or no treatment. There was no difference between WDD and other antipsychotics in terms of the amount of time that people stayed in hospital, the length of time they were in hospital and the severity of their symptoms. When WDD was compared with other drugs, such as chlorpromazine or risperidone, there was no improvement in people’s symptoms when they were compared to those who received WDD. However, there were fewer people with extrapyramidal effects (episocyramidal symptoms, which are episodes in which symptoms are worse than or worse than the symptoms of schizophrenia) and there was a reduction in the mean use of risperidine. WDD caused less weight gain than other drugs but was not found to cause serious side-effects. When combined with an antipsychoid drug, WDD had some benefits for people with a lower dose of the drug in the short term compared to the same drug taken by the same amount at the same time as the drug was used for the long term. People who took WDD were less likely to experience weight gain and were more likely to be in hospital. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for most of the outcomes. This means that we are not sure whether WDD is effective or not. There is a need for more research to be done to find out which is the best way to treat schizophrenia.
We included 12 RCTs with 799 participants in this update of the Cochrane Cochrane Schizophrenia Group Cochrane Oral Health Review. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. The review assessed six comparisons. 1. Multistrand and thermoelastic (gold-titanium) wire versus multistrand (stainless-nickel) wire. There were five studies in this group and it was appropriate to do a meta-analysis of two of them. There is not evidence from these studies to show whether there is a difference in rate of alignment or pain in the tooth between the two types of wire. Pain at day 1 was not clearly different in either group. There was no difference in pain at day one in either of the other comparisons. 2. Single-strand superelastic wire compared with coaxial (nile) wire, which is a type of wire that moves the tooth back and forth between the back teeth and the front teeth (coaxial) over the course of 12 weeks (coxial is the back of the tooth). There was only one study (24 participants) in this comparison, but it showed that the tooth moved more in the coaxial group over 12 weeks than in the other groups. 3. Conventional NiTi wire (nose and gums) compared with thermoplastic (crystalline) wire (crystal and bone) which does not move the tooth at all (conventional). There were only three randomised, double-blind, cross-over-cross-over (X-RCT) trials in this field, but there was not enough information to be able to draw conclusions about the quality of the evidence. 4. Superelastix (a type of toothpaste) versus thermopoietic wire (constrictive) with regard to the amount of tooth movement over a 12-week period (cochial) and pain at the end of the study. There are no data from this group. 5. Traditional NiTi and other types of NiTi are similar in terms of alignment and pain, but we do not know whether any of them are superior to any other. None of the studies measured the risk of root resorption, which can lead to tooth loss and is a major cause of tooth loss in children and adults. We judged three studies to be at high risk of bias, and three to be of moderate risk. Six studies were at low risk, which means that their results may not be valid because of the way in which they were carried out. The quality of evidence was low or very low for all of the comparisons because of imprecision and imprecise results.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in July 2017. We found one RCT of 306 people with a mean age of 86 years and a mean of 76 years old from 16 nursing homes in France. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2017. The study did not measure any of our main outcomes but did measure behavioural change using three scales: the Cohen-Mansfield Agitation Inventory (CMAI; 29-item scale), the Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI; 12-item scales, and the Observation Scale (OS; 25-item score). For the CMAI scale, we found that people who received de-escalation training had a greater change in their scores than those in the control group. However, we also found that there was no change in the scores for Physically Aggressive Behaviour, such as hitting, or for Verbal Behaviour such as swearing. There were no differences in the NPI or OS change scores between groups by the end of the study. We rated the quality of this evidence as very low due to high risk of bias and indirectness of the outcome measures.
We included 13 trials with a total of 1316 adults with IAD of all ages. Eleven of the trials had a small sample size and short follow-up periods. Nine of the studies were of low quality and nine were of high risk of bias. The evidence in this review is up to 28 September 2016. We found that soap and water performed poorly in the prevention and treatment of IAD. The use of a skin cleanser might be more effective than the use of soap and saline (low quality) and a washcloth with cleansing, moisturising, and skin-protecting properties (moderate quality) as a skin care method. The other trials, all being of low to low quality, showed that applying a leave-on product (moisturiser, skin protectant, or a combination) might be effective than not applying a product. No trial reported on the number of people not satisfied with the treatment or on side-effects. The quality of evidence was low to very low. More high quality, well-designed, and well-conducted trials are needed to determine the best way to prevent and treat IAD in adults.
We found that antiviral drugs (antiviral drugs that block the spread of the virus, such as acyclovir, valomaciclovir and ciclosporin) may reduce the length of time in which patients have to spend in hospital and reduce the number of days that they need to be treated with antiretroviral drugs compared to those who do not receive these drugs. However, the quality of evidence is very low and so the results should be viewed with caution. There was no difference in the time patients spent in hospital or in the hospital ward between those who received the drugs and those who did not receive them. In terms of viral shedding, there was some reduction in viral shedding in those who had been on the drugs, but this effect was not sustained when the drugs were stopped. We did not find any difference between the groups in terms of the time taken for a person to recover from the disease and the time that they had to be in hospital. We also found that there was no evidence that there were any side effects of the drugs. The quality of the evidence was very low because of the risk of bias in the studies and the fact that many of the studies were at high risk of systematic errors (bias) that could have led to an overestimate of the effect of the drug. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found four trials with a total of 2250 adults randomised to either insulin detemir or glargine. All four trials were at high risk of bias (ie, there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way in which the trial was run and the way that the results were analysed) and had a low risk of systematic errors (i.e. play of chance). We found that there was no difference between the two drugs in terms of the amount of blood sugar that was maintained in the blood (glycosylated haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) - a blood sugar measurement that is used to guide the blood sugar response to high blood sugar levels) with or without hypoglycaemia (low blood sugar). However, to achieve the same glycaemic control, patients had to be injected twice-a-day in a higher dose but with less weight gain, while patients received the drug once-daily. There was no clear advantage of one drug over the other on quality of life, costs or death.
We found six randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, cross-over trial (Cochrane Schizophrenia Group) and one parallel group trial. Six trials assessed the effects of SNS for the treatment of FI. SNS was used in 53 patients in the SNS group and in the parallel group group in the Tjandra and Leroi trial. The results showed that SNS reduced episodes of faecal incontinence compared to the control group who did not have SNS. The number of episodes of incontinent faeces was 5.5% less in the group of patients who had SNS compared with the group who had no SNS at three months. Adverse events were reported in a proportion of patients: pain at implant site (6%), seroma (2%) and excessive tingling in the vaginal region (9%). In the other trial, conducted by Thin and colleagues, 15 patients with FI who received SNS and the percutaneous tibial nerve stimulation (PTNS) group had fewer episodes of fainting (i.e. loss of urine) than the PTNS group at three and a half months after the surgery. No adverse events were found in either group. In the Kahlke and Sørensen trial, 14 people with FI with SNS in the stimulator 'on' group had significantly less episodes of FI per week than the group with stimulation in the 'off' group during the one-week ‘on’ or ‘off’ (1 (SD 1.7) and 8.4 episodes per week (SD 8.8) in one week. However, the average (range) episodes of bowel movement per week rose from 0.7 (0.7 to 0.9) in the on group to 1.0 (0 to 11) in both groups in the off group. Four of 27 participants had an adverse event that led to the removal of the stimator. In contrast, in the trial by Dinning and Dinning, SNS did not result in a change in the frequency of bowel movements and 73 adverse events, which included pain at site of the implanted pulse generator (32), wound wound (73) and haematoma (3) and pain at stimulator site (2). In the Kenefick trial, the two patients with constipation experienced an average of two bowel movements per week during the off and five per week when the stimulation was on. Abdominal pain and bloating occurred 79% of the time during the 'offs' and 33% during the on period. No side effects were found. The only side events were mild ipsilateral leg pain (1.2%), and stimulator-site pain (2.2%) in the neurostimulator group. Outcomes were not reported in the other three groups of patients. None of the studies reported any side events. The overall quality of the evidence was low to very low.
We found that molar tubes (molar tubes) cemented with either a chemically-cured or light-cure adhesive were more likely to fail than molar bands that were bonded to the tube with glass ionomer cement. There was also a greater risk of decay of the tubes with the molar band. No other adverse events were found. However, given there are few data for this outcome, we were not able to draw any firm conclusions.
We identified 66 articles (published between 1988 and 2012) that were eligible for this review. We found that the accuracy of EUS might be useful to guide physicians in the staging of people with gastric carcinoma. However, the quality of the studies was good: in particular, only five studies had a high risk of bias in the way they used the EUS test, and there was a risk of selection bias in two studies. For the primary tumor (T) stage, results were stratified according to the depth of entry of the tumour in the gastric wall (muscle-infiltrating) and the stage of gastric cancer (T1 to T4). The meta-analysis of 50 studies (n = 4397) showed that EUS was better than no EUS in identifying tumours that had spread to other parts of the body (superficial) and tumour size (tumour size less than or less than 20 cm in size) than those that were spread to lymph nodes (i.e. lymph nodes are cells in the lymph nodes that are not cancerous but still have a role in the body, such as the stomach or the small blood stream that drains the cancer from the body). For the T1 stage (the stage in which the cancer has spread to the body and is not confined to the stomach) results were similar between the 50 and the 44 studies. In the T2 stage (which is the stage where the cancer is in the blood stream and is the only stage that can be treated with surgery), results were the same for both types of tests, but for T1a and T1b cancers, and for T2 and T3 and T4 cancers results were not the same. When we looked at the number of tumours in lymph nodes, we found that it was less accurate in the N-stage than in the T-stage. This means that doctors should be warned that this test is less accurate than it is for the other types of tumour. We did not find any consistent source of the differences between the studies, but we could not exclude that it could be due to chance alone. Overall, we concluded that the results of this review might be used to guide doctors in the choice of which tumour stage to treat a patient with stomach cancer.
We found six trials with a total of 492 adults who had undergone day-case laparoscopic cholecystectomy (n = 239) or overnight stay laparoscopy for gallstones in the gallbladder. The age of participants ranged from 40 to 47 years. The number of participants in each trial ranged from 28 to 150. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2013. We found that day-surgery was as safe as overnight surgery for patients with gallstones. There was no difference in the rate of serious adverse events between the two groups (4 trials; 391 participants; 7/191 (1.6%) and 1/200 (0.5%) in the overnight stay surgery group; rate ratio 3.24; 95% CI 0.74 to 14.09). Quality of life was not improved in either group (4 studies; 333 patients; 0.11 points on a 0.33 to 0.10 scale). Pain was not increased in either of the groups (3 trials; 175 patients; 1.02 points on an 0.02 cm scale) nor was the time to return to activity, return to work, or hospital readmission rate. No difference was seen between the groups in the number of people who were readmitted to the hospital or who failed to be discharged as planned. The quality of evidence for all outcomes except pain was far less than the amount that would be required to exclude the risk of bias due to play of chance. Day surgery appears to be safe and does not seem to result in improvement in any of the outcomes that are important for patients, such as the time taken for them to get back to normal activity or earlier return to school or work. However, the strength of the evidence is weakened by risks of systematic errors (bias) and risks of random errors (play of chance). More randomised trials are needed to assess the impact of day-surgical surgery on quality of life as well as other outcomes of patients.
We found eight randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled studies (studies in which people are assigned to one of two or more treatment groups using a random method) of high-concentration capsaicin used to treat postherpetic neuralgia, HIV-neuropathy, and pain in the hands and feet (pain in the legs and feet) caused by nerve damage caused by HIV/HIV/AIDS. We also found one study of a group of people with painful diabetic neuropathy who had nerve damage from HIV/AIDS, and we found one small study of 46 people with persistent pain after inguinal herniorrhaphy who had been in hospital for more than a year. We found that people who were in the studies had more pain-reduced groups treated with a very high concentration of capsicin than those in the placebo groups. About 10% more of the people in the higher-conccentration group had pain reduction of at least 30% and at least 50% with high-capacitor than in the control group at both 8 and 12 weeks. This was about the same as the number of people who had pain reduced by a similar amount with a much lower dose of capsacitor. About 1 in 10 of the patients in the group treated with high capsicolin had pain relief of at at least 20% and 1 in 20 of the participants with a lower dose. There was no difference in the numbers of patients who dropped out of the treatment groups for any of the outcomes. No deaths were judged to be related to the use of drugs in the included in the study. We rated the quality of evidence for most of the results using four levels: very low, low, moderate, or high. Very low-quality evidence means that we are very uncertain about the estimate of the true effect, low to very low quality evidence, and high-risk of bias due to imprecision (ie, there were too few events to be sure of the accuracy of the estimate). Moderate- and very-low-quality results mean that we have moderate or very low levels of confidence in the results. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 6343 participants. The risk of having a stroke due to narrowing of the carotid artery was increased by 50% in people with less than 30% stenosis, and the risk of stroke increased by 100% in those with 50% to 69% stenotid stenosis. We found that surgery was of some benefit in the case of stenosis that was not too deep, and was of benefit for those with 70% to 99% stenostomy without near-occlusion (i.e. a blockage of the artery that is not deep enough to reach the brain). There was no difference in the risks of any of the main outcomes in either of the treatment groups, or in the effects of surgery. We rated the quality of the evidence from the three RCTs using four levels: very low, low, moderate, high, or high. Very low-quality evidence means that we are very uncertain about the results. High-quality results mean that we can be very confident in the findings.
We included 10 studies with a total of 864 adults with rectal cancer, ulcerative colitis, and other types of colitis in this review. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2018. The results showed that there was no difference in the number of patients who had parastomal herniation between those who had a stoma placed in the pararectal and the transrectal area (ileostomy or colostomy) and those who did not (low- or very low-quality evidence). There was also no difference between the groups in the subgroup analysis in which we looked at the effect of the two types of stoma placement. None of the studies measured other stoma-related morbidity or death from any cause related to the stoma. Overall, there is still a lack of high-quality data to show which technique is the best to use for stoma formation. The quality of evidence was moderate, low, and very low. This means that we are uncertain about the results.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at the effectiveness and safety of psychosocial (psychosocial) treatments for people with schizophrenia. We found 24 RCTs, with 2126 adults and children, that met our criteria for inclusion in the review. Most of these were from the USA, with one from the UK and one each from Australia, Brazil, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, the UK, the USA and the UK. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2013. We did not find any difference in the number of people who were admitted to hospital, who were discharged from the study early, who improved in mental state or who were found to be satisfied with their care. However, we found that there were differences in the rates of relapse, admission to hospital and improvement in mental health. We also found that other types of psychological treatments were more likely to be effective than those that were not. There is a need for more research in this area. Overall, the quality of evidence was very low.
We found 11 randomised, double-blind, and quasi-randomised, placebo-controlled, and open-label trials, with a total of 949 adults with cancer of all ages. Most of the participants had cancer of the head and neck, but a few had other types of cancer, mainly in the chest, neck, and hands and feet. All of the people in the studies had cancer that was not spread to other parts of the body. Most had been in the study for at least six months. We found that some people with moderate or severe cancer pain can have substantial levels of improvement in their cancer pain after one or two weeks of treatment with an NSAID or other drugs. With NSAIDs, the pain was reduced from no worse than mild pain to mild pain within one or more weeks. Withdrawals due to side effects were common, mostly due to lack of effect (24%) or side effects (5%). There is no high-quality evidence to support or refute the use of NSAIDs alone or in combination with opioids for the three steps of the three-step WHO cancer pain ladder. We judged results for all outcomes as very low-quality. Most studies were at high risk of bias, which means that participants and researchers may have been aware of the type of drug they were taking, which could have led to bias.
We found that people with sickle cell disease who took low-molecular-weight heparins had less pain at the end of day one and more rapid resolution of their pain at day three and at day four than those who took placebo. People who took tinzaparin also had less time spent in the hospital and were less likely to have a flare-up of their painful crises. There was no difference in the number of people who had bleeding in either group. There were no reports of any side effects in the group of patients who took the heparin and none in the placebo group. The quality of evidence was very low for most of the outcomes. This means that we are not able to draw any conclusions about the effectiveness of this type of drug in reducing the severity of painful crises in sickled cell patients. There is a need for well-designed placebo-controlled studies with other types of low-Molecules-weight-heparins, and in people with a range of types of sickled cells in order to confirm or reject the results of this one study.
We did not find any randomised trials that compared anticoagulants with antiplatelet drugs for the treatment of extracranial carotid artery dissection. There were also no randomised studies that looked at the use of antiplatelets in patients who had had an ischaemic stroke (stroke caused by blood clot in the brain due to narrowing of the artery that carries blood from the blood stream to the brain and causes a stroke). There was no difference in the numbers of patients who died or who had a stroke between the groups. There was a non-significant trend in favour of anticoageulants in terms of the risk of death or of having a stroke, but the numbers were imprecise and we were not able to draw conclusions about whether there was a benefit or harm in using anticoages or anticoagenoids.
We found 26 RCTs (involving 2066 patients) that looked at the use of silver-containing dressings or other agents to help wounds heal. There is not enough evidence to be able to say whether or not these treatments help wounds to heal or prevent wound infection. Some of the evidence for SSI is of poor quality, and some of the results for SSD suggest the opposite.
We included 12 studies with 3571 adults with VAP. All but one of the studies were funded by the drug companies that make the drugs that we looked at. We found that carbapenems may be better than other antibiotics for the treatment of VAP, but we did not find a difference in all-cause deaths, length of time spent in the ICU, or side effect rates. We also found that there was an increase in the number of people who were cured from VAP and were able to leave ICU with no side effects. We did not identify any patients who were at increased risk of multidrug-resistant bacteria, so these results may not be generalisable to all patients. However, this is the largest meta-analysis we have looked at for the use of one drug in combination with other drugs for the empiric use of antibiotics to treat VAP in adults. We rated the quality of the evidence for all outcomes to be low or very low due to the lack of data. For the comparison of combination and non-antibiotics, we judged the evidence to be of very low quality due to a lack of studies. We judged the results for death, time in ICU and side effects to be moderate or low.
We found 29 randomised, quasi-randomized, controlled trials (ITS) investigating 11 drug groups that had been put on a list of drugs that could not be prescribed by a health care provider. People in these studies were most often people over 18 years of age, who were either low or very low income, or both of the above. The review found that the impact of policies on drug use and the use of other health services varied by drug class and whether the drug was targeted or not. When policies targeted gastric-acid suppressant and non-steroidal anti-inflammation drugs, people used fewer drugs and spent less on other health care, but there was no reduction in other health service use. However, people stopped taking the drugs and used other health health care more often in the short-term (up to two years) and stopped taking antipsychotic drugs in the long-term as well. Also, people who were able to take the drugs they were prescribed used them more than those who were not prescribed them. There was no difference in the number of people who dropped out of treatment for any of the drugs, but people who received the drugs stopped using them as often as those who did not receive them. The review also found that restrictions to the use and use of some drugs can be reduced by reducing the amount of money spent by third-party drug users. For other drugs, such as antihypertensives and statins, people use them when they are needed and spend less money on drugs.
We found 19 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 4232 adults and children with gingivitis or plaque in the gums. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2016. The RCTs compared any form of OHA with no OHA or with some form of routine OHA. There was not enough high-quality data to be able to draw any firm conclusions about which method was the best to use for the maintenance of oral health. There were also too few studies to be sure that any method was better than any other method in terms of reducing the risk of plaque or gum disease. There is a need for more research to find out which method of one-to one OHA is the best.
We found five small randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled and no-treatments-based randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of oral steroids for the treatment of adhesive capsulitis of the shoulder. The trials were of variable quality (only one of high quality) and some of the data could not be used in the meta-analysis as no raw data could be extracted from one of the RCTs and three of the trials used different comparators (placebo or no treatment). We found that in the short term (two to six weeks), people who received oral steroids had a greater improvement in pain, range of movement and function in their shoulder than those who did not receive any treatment. This improvement was greater than 50% in the first six weeks of treatment and was not maintained after six weeks. There was no difference between the treatment groups in terms of range of motion or pain, but it was not clear if the improvement was maintained over a longer time period. There were no reported side effects from the use of these drugs. The evidence is up to date as of March 2013.
We found three randomised trials with a total of 50 people with ALS. All three of the trials were of poor quality and there was a high risk of bias due to the way they were designed and run. None of the studies were of high quality and all had a high rate of attrition which could have led to an overestimation of the effect of rTMS. One of the three trials did not report enough information for us to be able to draw any conclusions about the effectiveness and the risk of side-effects associated with the use of TMS. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found 10 studies with a total of 1049 people with moderate to high risk of bias. All of the people in the studies had mild BP and all had received prednisolone or a corticosteroid (usually prednisone) for at least 6 months. In one of the studies, the corticostomy was given to the patient by intravenous or intramuscular injection. In the other trials, the steroid was taken from the blood and given by mouth. The steroids were given in the form of a mixture of tetracycline, azathioprine or mycophenolate mofetil. All the drugs were given at a dose of 0.3 mg/kg/day to people with mild BP. There was no difference in disease control at 6 months for any of the treatments. There were no differences in the number of deaths or side-effects between the treatments in one trial, but clobetasol (an anticholinergic drug) showed significantly more disease control than the oral corticotropin-reuptake (a drug used to treat high blood pressure) in people with more than one year of BP. The use of a milder form of corticoprofen (0.75 mg/g/day) was found to be safe and effective in moderate BP. People with more severe BP may need to use a higher dose (1.5 to 2.0 mg per day) but this is safe and does not increase the risk of adverse events or death.
Herbal medicines are medicines that have been used to treat symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome. Herbal medicines can be taken by mouth, as tablets or capsules, or as tablets and capsules, and they can be given as a tablet or as a capsule. Herbs may be taken orally or by mouth. The aim of this review was to assess the effect of herbal medicines on the symptoms of the condition. A search of the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's database was carried out in 2010. A total of 75 randomised trials, with 7957 participants, were included in the review. Herb medicines were compared with placebo (a fake medicine) or with other medicines or with no medicine. All the herbal medicines were tested in randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials. The results showed that some herbal medicines may be able to reduce the severity of symptoms. However, the quality of evidence was low to very low due to the small size of some of the trials, and the fact that many of the results were based on only a few trials with few participants. No serious side effects from the herbal medicine treatments were found. More high-quality, well-designed, and well-conducted trials are needed to confirm the results of this Cochrane review.
We found 22 trials that evaluated the use of pericoital use of levonorgestrel (LNG) 0.75 mg to 5.0 mg or LNG in a total of 12,400 participants. The trials were conducted in Europe, Asia, and the USA. The drugs and dose of LNG were compared with each other or with other hormonal drugs. The results showed that the LNG method was effective and safe. There was no difference in pregnancy rates between the groups. Most women liked the method in spite of irregularity in their menstrual cycles. Other hormonal drugs appeared promising but most of them were not done very well. Menstrual and non-menstrual side effects were often mild and not recorded in most of the trials. Rigorous research is still needed to confirm the effectiveness and safety of this method. If the method is shown to be efficacious, safe and acceptable, it could change the World Health Organization (WHO) advice on birth control.
We found 15 randomised studies with 561 adults and adolescents from five different countries. The age range of patients was usually between 12 and 54 years of age, but in one study the age range was 12 to 18 years. The evidence is up to date as of March 2015. The main outcomes were mesiodistal movement of upper first molars (movement of teeth from the back of the mouth to the top of the back teeth) and the length of time taken for the teeth to move back into place. We found that there was strong evidence that the reinforcement of anchorage was more effective with surgery than with conventional anchorage, and that results from mini-screw implants are the best to date. There was no evidence that any one type of surgery was better than any other. We did not find that any of the other types of surgery were any more or less good than the other. None of the studies looked at harms of the surgery or the surgery itself. We rated the quality of evidence for the main outcomes of the review as moderate to high. This means that further research is very likely to have an effect on our conclusions and may change them in the future.
We found 50 studies with 45,285 adults with CKD who did not have CVD at the start of the review. The risk of bias in the studies was high. We were able to combine data from 38 of these studies (37,274 adults) in a meta-analysis. We found that people who took statins were 20% less likely to die or have a heart attack or stroke than those who took placebo or no treatment. People who took a statin also had a 20% lower risk of dying from any cause (all-cause death, cardiovascular death and all-cause deaths) and had a 10% less risk of having a heart event (heart or stroke). We did not find a difference in the risk of death or heart events in people who had CKD that were not on dialysis. Adverse events were reported in 32 of the 50 studies (68%) and were assessed in 16 studies (34%). Compared with placebo, statin therapy was found to be a safe and well-treatable way to lower cholesterol in early stages of CKD. We are not sure whether or not statins have an effect on the rate of heart attacks and strokes in people not on CKD or who do not have a CVD. We do not know if they have an impact on the number of people who die from heart or stroke or die of any cause. We cannot draw conclusions about the harms of statin treatment in CKD due to lack of evidence.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) on the use of drugs to treat pain in children and adults with cystic fibrotic patellofemoral palsy and osteogenesis imperfecta (CYP with LLCs). Nine RCTs with a total of 379 participants were included in this review. The age of the participants ranged from 2 to 19 years and they had cerebral palsy (CP) in five of the studies and osteomyelitis (OI) in the other four. Pain was a secondary outcome in five out of the eight studies and the quality of the trials was mixed. For the ITB and BoNT-A (Botulinum toxin A) trials there was no difference in pain between the two groups. All of the OI trials used bisphosphonates (two alendronate and one pamidronate) but no trials were found that looked at the effects of these drugs on pain in this patient group. No adverse events were found in either group. Only one of the botulinum toxins A trials reported serious side effects and these involved seizures in those who received the intervention drug. Gastrointoxication was the most common side effect in those receiving alendromate. The only other drug to be assessed in this trial, pamidine, did not show an effect on pain compared to the control group. None of the other drugs used were drugs that are commonly used in other paediatric palliative care for pain. We are not able to draw any conclusions about the effectiveness of drugs for pain relief in CYP with LPs due to the lack of evidence.
We found that there was low to very low quality evidence that latrepirdine was no better or worse than a dummy drug (placebo) for Alzheimer’s disease symptoms in mild-to-moderate AD. However, there was some evidence of a very low to high quality that there may be a benefit for behaviour in people with AD. There was no difference in the risk of adverse events (side effects) or dropouts (patients who dropped out of the trial due to adverse events) between patients who were treated with lat repirdine and those who were not. We considered the evidence to be of low quality due to imprecision in the results. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found that RIC may prevent or treat ischaemic stroke in people who have had a stroke caused by narrowing of the carotid artery in the brain. We found that people who had RIC were less likely to have a stroke than those who did not have RIC. We also found that there was no difference in the risk of having a new stroke in those who received RIC or non-RIC. In addition, RIC was associated with a greater risk of experiencing adverse events such as pain, dizziness, numbness, tingling, loss of feeling, nausea, vomiting, diarrhoea and headache. We did not find any difference between RIC and non-RIC for reducing the severity of the stroke. No one in the RIC group had a heart attack, stroke or stroke-caused death. The risk of developing a stroke was increased in those receiving RIC compared with those who were not. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. This means that we are not able to draw any firm conclusions about the effectiveness and safety of RIC in preventing or treating ischaemia. Further well-designed, well-conducted, large-scale, long-term randomised controlled trials are required to answer this question. This review is up-to-date as of February 2019.
We found six randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 204 preterm infants. We found that adding protein to human milk increased short-term growth in weight, length, and head growth, as well as the rate of growth of skin fold thickness, and increased the risk of growth in the triceps, the subscapular, and the head. We did not find any clear difference in rate of change in the thickness of skin on the back of the neck, or in the number of days spent in hospital. However, we found that protein was added to the milk for longer, and that it led to longer hospital stays and higher blood urea levels. We also found that there was no difference in serum levels of serum albumin, which is a type of protein found in the blood. No data were available about the effects of the use of protein in preterm preterm babies on long-term weight gain, body fat, body mass index, body composition, brain development, or cardio-metabolic (fat and muscle) or brain development. There were no data on outcomes after the babies were discharged from hospital. Our findings may not be generalisable to low-resource settings, as none of the included studies were conducted in these settings. Since protein supplementation of human milk is now usually done as a part of multi-nutrient fortifiers, we think that further research is likely to have an effect on the amount of protein added to fortifiers and on length, body weight, and height, and body fat.
We found 45 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and non-randomised studies (ITS) comparing PEMs to no intervention or other types of PEM. We found that when used alone or as part of a multifaceted intervention, PEM may have a small effect on professional practice outcomes. There is not enough information to be able to draw conclusions about the effect on the health of patients.
We found 23 RCTs, most of which were from the USA and most were conducted in health-care clinics (e.g. family planning). The majority of the studies provided information about STIs and taught safer sex skills and taught safe sex skills. They were heterogeneous in duration, contact time, provider, behavioural aims and outcomes. A variety of STIs were addressed, including HIV and chlamydia. None of the trials mentioned HPV (human papillomavirus) or cervical cancer. Behavioural interventions for young women which aim to help them change their behaviour to reduce the risk of being infected with STIs can be effective, but there is a high risk of bias due to incomplete or poor reporting. There were no clear effects on abstinence from or reduction of sex. However, there were some benefits in increasing the use of condoms. There is a need for more research in this area, with a greater focus on HPV and its link to cervical cancer, with long-term follow-up to assess impact on behaviour change, rates of HPV infection and progression to the disease.
We found twenty studies with a total of 2337 participants. Nineteen studies compared brief psychoeducation with other forms of care, such as care by telephone or face-to-face, or with routine care (such as a GP or nurse), or with other types of care. We found that brief psychosocial education can improve people’s quality of life in the short and medium term, and may help reduce the risk of relapsing in the medium term. It may also help reduce relapse in the long term. We did not find any difference between the groups in terms of the number of people who were non-compliant with their medication, but people in the brief psychoeducational group were less than half as likely to be non-relapse in the longer term. People in the group that received brief psychoeducation were more than twice as sure that they were taking their medication as those in the routine care group. There was no difference found in the numbers of patients who dropped out of the study, nor in the death rate in either group. We could not draw any conclusions about the long-term effects of brief psychosexual education. The quality of evidence was low or very low for most of the outcomes, which means that we are uncertain about the accuracy of the results. Further large, high-quality studies are needed to confirm or refute the use of this approach.
We found 11 randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials (RCTs) comparing LAMA+LABA with LABA+ICS in 9839 people with COPD. Most of the people in the RCTs had moderate to severe COPD, and most of them had not had a recent flare-up (exacerbation) of their COPD condition. The average follow-up time in the studies ranged from 6 to 52 weeks. All but one of the studies were sponsored by the drug companies that make the drugs that are used in the LAMA and LABA treatment. The LAMA group had fewer flare-ups of COPD compared to the LABA group. The risk of death from any cause was also less in the group treated with LAMA. People who received LAMA plus LABA had a greater improvement in their lung function, and their quality of life, as measured by the St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) score. People receiving LAMA + LABA were more likely to improve their SGRQ score by 4 points or more compared to those who received LABA +ICS. The quality of evidence was low or very low for most of the outcomes. This means that we are uncertain about the accuracy of the results.
We included three RCTs with 91 children aged from 6 months to 4 years. All studies were from 7 to 16 months old, and all were from the USA (two studies) and Spain (one study). All studies compared heliox with 30% humidified oxygen (oxygen pumped through a tube into the lungs) for 20 or 60 minutes. Heliox was administered as a mixture of 70% heliox and 30% oxygen. We found that heliox may improve croup scores at 60 and 90 minutes after the end of treatment. There may be no difference in croup score changes between groups at 20 and 120 minutes after treatment. The mean croup severity score at 20 minutes may not be different between groups. We did not find that there was a difference between groups in mean respiratory rate and mean heart rate at 20 or 120 minutes. All children were discharged from the study, but there was no information on the need for admission to hospital, intubation (the use of a tube to help with breathing), or re-presenting to the hospital. In one study, 47 children with mild to moderate croup received one dose of oral dexamethasone (0.3 mg/kg) with either heliox for 60 or no treatment. In the other study, 29 children with moderate to severe croup were treated with intramuscular dexamithasone and heliox, or with one to two doses of nebulised saline, or 100% oxygen, or adrenaline, for three hours. There was no difference between the groups in terms of the severity of croup. We could not pool the results from the studies because each comparison was based on only one study. We assessed the evidence for all outcomes in this comparison as of low quality, downgraded due to imprecision and high risk of bias due to an open-label design. The included studies did not report on adverse events, intensive care admissions, or parental anxiety. We added no new trials for this update. The evidence is up to date as of March 2018.
We found eight randomised and quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of red flags to assess the risk of vertebral fracture in patients with low back pain. The risk of bias of the RCTs was moderate with high risk of selection bias (i.e. risk of arriving at wrong conclusions because of the way that the study was done) and a lack of reporting of both the index test and the reference test (a test that is used to look for fractures in the back of the back but does not look at the spine). Most of the red flags do not seem to be able to tell whether or not a patient has a vertebra or not. However, some combinations of these red flags may be useful. It should also be noted that many red flags have high false positive rates and if acted upon uncritically there would be consequences for the cost of care and outcomes of patients with LBP.
This review found that urethrotomy and urethroplasty may be used to treat men with urethral stricture in the first six months after surgery, but that men who had surgery first were more than twice as likely to need further surgery for a recurrences of the urethra. After two years, men had to undergo self-dilatation or further surgery or both. There were too few men in the trial to be able to draw conclusions about which was the best treatment for men with this type of disease.
We found six randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, multi-centre trials (RCTs) with a total of 1211 adults and children with a mean age of 18 years and a mean duration of 12 to 52 weeks. The evidence is up to date as of March 2014. The risk of a flare-up (exacerbation) of asthma was similar with daily and daily ICS. There was no difference in the risk of patients experiencing one or more flare-ups. The number of people who had an exacerbation was 17% to 25% lower in the daily treatment group. The chance of serious side-effects was similar in both groups. In children and adults with persistent asthma, there was low quality evidence that the use of daily versus ICS was comparable in terms of lung growth, the need for rescue oral corticosteroids and the rate of severe side-effect events. The strength of the evidence means that we are not able to draw conclusions about the effect of ICS on lung growth and lung function. There is a need for further research in this area.
We found 17 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1639 people with CKD. Eleven RCTs (900 people) assessed dietary counselling with or without lifestyle advice and six studies (739 people) looked at the effects of dietary changes on health-related quality of life, glomerular filtration rate (i.e. the amount of blood in the kidney that has been cleared from the blood by the kidneys after treatment), serum albumin (which is a protein in the blood that helps the blood to clot), blood pressure and cholesterol levels. Participants were followed up for a median of 12 months (range 1 to 46.8 months) and studies were not designed to look at death from any cause or heart attack or stroke. We found that people who had a low-carb, low-fat, high-protein, low iron, polyphenol and fruit/vegetable diet may have a lower risk of heart attack and stroke compared to those who did not have a dietary change. A low-iron, high protein/low carbohydrate and high-nutritive fruit and vegetable diet may also have a beneficial effect on blood pressures and serum lipids. We did not find evidence that dietary changes had an effect on the risk of death or heart attacks or strokes, but these outcomes were rarely measured or reported in the studies. We also found that a high-calorie and low-glycosyl-glycine (L-dopa) diet may reduce blood lipids and blood pressure. We are not able to draw conclusions about the effect of dietary change on death, heart attacks and stroke due to the lack of data. However, it is possible that dietary change may prevent one person in 1000 treated for one year from developing ESKD.
We found only one randomised controlled trial (156 children aged between seven weeks and 24 months with signs and symptoms of bronchiolitis) that looked at the use of steam inhalation or mist in a tent in children up to three years of age. The results showed that nebulised salbutamol was effective in reducing the severity of the bronchial symptoms in the group that received this treatment. However, there was no difference between the groups in terms of the number of days that the children had to be on ventilator support and the time that they spent in hospital. The study did not report on any side-effects of the treatments. We conclude that there is not enough evidence to make any conclusions about the effectiveness of using steam or mist therapy in the treatment of children with lung disease in the short-term or long-term.
We found four studies (1154 participants, age range 50 to 90 years, with a mean age of 50 years. All participants had a diagnosis of probable or possible Alzheimer's disease and most were already on a cholineterase inhibitor (a type of statin). The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2014. We found no studies assessing role of statins in treatment of VaD. The main outcome in all studies was change in Alzheimer's Disease Assessment-Cog, which is a tool used to assess the effects of Alzheimer's symptoms and is used in the early stages of the disease. When we pooled data, there was no benefit from statin (mean difference -0.26 points on a 0-0.52 point range from 0.05 to 0.52 points range). There was no difference in change in Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE) from the same time point. There was also no difference between the groups in MMSE when we pooled the data. Three of the four studies reported treatment-related side-effects. The risk of bias was low for all studies. The quality of evidence was moderate to high.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 149 adults and children with Charcot-Marie-Tooth and Duchenne muscular dystrophy. Two RCTs assessed the effect of night splinting in a total of 26 children and adults. There were no differences in the amount of time that the patients had to wear the splint or not. One RCT assessed the use of prednisone (a steroid drug) in 103 boys with achille-tendon disease. The dose of 0.75 mg/kg/day was found to be effective in improving some of the measures of strength and function, but there was no clear improvement in the range of motion of the affected leg. The number of boys who were able to walk on their own at the end of one year after the start of the RCT was not sufficient to determine whether or not there was an improvement in range of movement of the leg. One other RCT evaluated early surgery in 20 young boys with Chait-Marie Tooth disease type 1A. At 12 months after surgery, boys in the surgery group had a greater range of ankle range of range than those in the control group. However, by 24 months, many of the surgical group had suffered a recurrence of achilles tendon contractures. There is no clear evidence that any of the studies in this review were of high quality. Further research is needed.
We found 25 randomised and quasi-randomised controlled trials (5218 women) comparing upright and ambulant positions with recumbent positions and bed care (with epidural or no epidural). Women who were upright were about one hour and a half shorter in the first stage of labour and had less chance of having a caesarean birth and were less likely to have an epidural. Babies of women who were in upright positions were less than one-third more likely to be admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit, but this was based on one trial. There were no differences between groups for other outcomes, such as the length of time spent in the second stage of the labour, or other outcomes related to the well being of mothers and babies. There was no difference in the number of times the baby had to be put back into the bed, or in the need for the epidural, between the groups. There is a need for more research in this area. More women in low-risk labour should be informed of the benefits of upright positions, and encouraged and assisted to assume whatever positions they choose.
We found three trials, but only one of them had a long-term follow-up of at least six months. The other two had a short duration of time. We found that transaxillary first rib resection (removal of the first rib) decreased pain more than supraclavicular neuroplasty of the brachial plexus (SNBP) in the 'disputed type' of TOS. There were no side effects in either group in the first trial. The trial had a high risk of bias. The second trial compared botulinum toxin (BTX) injection into the scalene muscles with saline injection. There was no difference between the two groups in terms of pain, but BTX treatment did improve paresthesias in one group at six months after the start of the trial. There is no evidence that either surgery is better than no surgery. We are not able to draw conclusions about the use of other treatments for TOS due to the lack of evidence. More research is needed.
Twenty-one randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials (RCTs) of non-surgical treatments were included in this update of the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Cochrane Review. The evidence is up to date as of March 2013. The review found that a hand brace improved symptoms after four weeks and function after three weeks compared to no treatment. In an analysis of pooled data from two trials (63 participants) ultrasound for two weeks was not found to be helpful. However one trial showed improvement in symptoms after seven weeks of ultrasound which was maintained at six months. Four trials (193 people) looked at the use of drugs to treat the pain and swelling in the hands. Four of these trials looked at different types of drugs (steroids, diuretics, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and other drugs) and compared them to placebo. One of the steroid drugs was an oral steroid and the other was a diuretic. Two of the other drugs were vitamin B6 and ergonomic keyboards. In one trial (51 people) yoga reduced pain after eight weeks compared with wrist splinting. One trial (21 people) showed that mobilising the carpal bone (i.e. placing the bone in a plaster cast on the affected hand) improved pain and function over three weeks. In another trial (50 people) steroid and insulin injections were used for eight weeks to treat pain and the pain was improved over eight weeks. Two trials (105 people) compared an ergonomic keyboard with a normal keyboard and showed equivocal results for pain and quality of life. The trials did not look at the effect of other treatments such as laser, laser acupuncture, exercise or chiropractic care. The included in the review did not show any benefit from any of these treatments. More trials are needed to compare treatments and ascertain the duration of benefit.
We found that IVS may be helpful in the treatment of retinal vein occlusion in people with CRVO-ME, but we are not sure if IVS is better or worse than no treatment. The improvement in visual acuity noted in the SCORE and GENEVA trials should be viewed with caution as results were not available for a large number of people in the observation group. Loss to follow-up was high with 10% to 17% in the IVS groups and almost twice as much (17%) in the control group. The IVS group was five times more likely to have gained 15 letters or more in quality of life after six months of IVS compared with the group that did not have IVS. However, eyes treated with triamcinolone lost fewer letters than those who did not receive IVS at 8 months. Adverse events were reported more often with IVS treatment compared with observation/no treatment. As many as 20% to 35% of participants experienced an adverse event in the intravenous group compared with 8% of patients in the non-injectable group of the SCORPION study. The GENEVA group had 63% to 43% of the patients who experienced a side effect. The most common side effects were high intraocular pressure, progression of cataracts, and retinal neovascularization. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low due to limitations in the design of the RCTs and imprecision of the results.
We found six randomised trials involving a total of 394 patients. Five of the six studies showed that the use of intranasal corticosteroids in the first eight weeks of a cross-over study showed that beclomethasone (336 mcg/day) was associated with a greater improvement in mean symptom scores than placebo and a greater reduction in mean adenoid/choana ratio than placebo (right, -14% versus +0.4%, left, -15% versus -2.0%, P = 0.0006) between week 0 and week 4. The second four-week cross-place trial showed that in 38% of the patients treated with beclmethasone, the adenoids of the nasal canal had decreased by at least 50% from the start of the study. None of the other children in the placebo group had such improvement. The third study demonstrated that 77.7% of children treated with mometasone (100 mcg per day) for 40 days showed an improvement in nasal blockage and a decrease in the size of the nose (adenoid) such that the need for nasal surgery could be avoided. The fourth trial demonstrated that flunisolide (500 mcg a day) reduced nasal obstruction symptoms and reduced the number of children with nasal ulcers by a greater amount than isotonic saline ( saline solution). The fifth parallel-group randomised controlled trial found that fluticasone reduced nasal obstructive nasal symptoms and decrease in size of nasal ulcer in 76% of those who received this drug compared with 20% who received normal saline. In contrast, the sixth trial did not find a difference between the groups in terms of nasal obstruction and size after 8 weeks of treatment with a corticostomy (200 mcg daily). The evidence is up to date as of March 2013. The first eight-week study and the fourth and fifth parallel groups showed improvement in symptoms and size of nose in children with a moderate to severe adenoidal hypertrophy, and this improvement may be linked to a reduction in adenovoid size. The long-term effect on nasal obstruction in these patients is not yet clear.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials that compared epidural block with any other drug for the treatment of severe pre-eclampsia in non-labours women. We found only one study that was at low risk of bias. The study was a one-centre randomised trial (involving 24 women) conducted in Mexico. The women were assigned to either a control group who received antihypertensive drugs, anticonvulsant drugs, plasma expanders, corticosteroids and dypyridamole, or a group who had an epidural injection of 0.25% bupivacaine, 10 mg bolus and 5 mg each hour for six hours. This study did not report on any of this review's important outcomes. For the mother, these were: death (death during pregnancy or up to 42 days after the end of the pregnancy, or death more than 42 days later), stroke, stroke, heart attack, kidney failure, liver failure, disseminated intravascular coagulation, pulmonary oedema, preterm birth (birth before 37 weeks of age), stillbirths (birth in utero at or after 20 weeks' gestation), perinatal deaths (births plus deaths in the first week of life), death before discharge from the hospital, deaths within the first 28 days after birth, deaths after 28 days, and side effects of the treatment and side effect of the intervention. Reported outcomes The study only reported on a single secondary outcome of interest to this review: the Apgar score of the baby at birth and after five minutes and there was no clear difference between the two groups. The results showed that there was a reduction in the baby's diastolic arterial pressure. However, the change in the mean arterial blood pressure and systolic blood pressure, which were the other reported outcomes of this trial, were not different between the other groups. Currently, there is not enough evidence from randomised trials to show that the effect of epidural therapy translates into improved outcomes for the mother and her baby. There is a need for larger, well-designed studies to come to an evidence-based conclusion as to whether the lowering of vasomotor tone by epidural surgery results in better results for the mothers and the babies and for how long that could be maintained. Another question that needs to be answered is how long should the epidural be used to ensure any benefits are maintained and what could be the associated side effects and costs. Interactions with other modalities of treatment and women's satisfaction could also be explored.
We found 16 randomised controlled trials (studies in which randomly put people into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared glucocorticosteroids with placebo or no treatment. Fifteen of these trials (one of which was an abstract) provided data for analysis (927 people received glucocourts and 934 people did not receive any treatment). The people in the included trials were aged from 25 to 70 years old, had a range of stages of alcoholic liver disease, and 65% were men. The studies were at a high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way that the trials were run and the way they were run), and they were conducted. There was no difference in the risk of death from any cause up to three months after the end of treatment (very low-certainty evidence) or on health-related quality of life (low- or very low-quality evidence). There was also no difference between the groups in terms of the number of people who had any side-effects or non-side-effects during or after treatment, or in the time from the start of treatment to the time of follow-up. We are very uncertain about the results of this review, as the certainty of evidence was very low for all-cause deaths and serious side-effect rates, and low for health-quality of life. Due to lack of reporting, we can not exclude that there may be an increase in side effects. As the CIs were wide, we could not rule out that there might be benefits or harms. We need to find out whether there is any difference in all cause deaths and in the occurrence of serious side effects and non-serious side effects between people who have been treated with glucocorotrophins and those who have not. We also need to know whether there are any side effects or not, and we need to see if there is a benefit or harm in the proportion of patients who are still alive after three months. The evidence is up-to-date as of July 2018.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 245 adults who had had a stroke (aged 18 years and over) who had been able to drive. The studies were conducted with people who were young and the time after stroke was varied. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2015. We found that there was no evidence that the use of a'simulation' (e.g. a driving simulator) of driving skills improved on-road driving skills immediately or at six months after the stroke, or both. However, there was some improvement in recognition of road signs, such as road sign recognition, in the simulator-based group in one of the included RCTs. There was not enough evidence to draw conclusions on the effects on other aspects of vision, other measures of cognition, motor and functional activities, and driving behaviour with the intervention. We were not able to draw any conclusions about the effects of on- road driving skills after stroke due to the lack of good-sized, well-conducted, and well-designed, randomised trials. The results of one RCT were in favour of a driving-simulator-based rehabilitation programme, but these results should be viewed with caution as they were based on a study with 73 adults. No adverse events were reported in the studies. We did not find any trials that looked at the effect of teaching people to drive on their own. There is a need for more research in this area.
We included eight studies with 582 adults (range 28 to 296) with COPD. The age of people in the studies ranged from 65 to 73 years. Most of the participants were male, and COPD was classified as severe or very severe. Corticosteroids were given at the same daily dose for three to seven days for short-duration and for 10 to 15 days for longer-duration treatment. Five of the studies used prednisolone (30 mg in four, tapered in one), and the other three used corticostimulant (intravenous corticosteroid). The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2015. We did not find a difference between short- and long-term treatment in the risk of treatment failure (the time from the start of the first COPD flare-up to the end of the next flare up) or in risk of relapse (the risk of relapsing of the flare-ups that led to the need to be re-treatable) with short- or longer-term systemic corticotrophins. In five of the eight studies no difference in the likelihood of an adverse event was found in the duration of treatment. Length of time spent in hospital did not differ in the short or long term between the short and the long term, nor did time to the next exacerbation of COPD, nor was there a difference in lung function or time to hospital discharge. We graded most of the evidence as moderate in quality because of imprecision; further research may have an effect on our confidence in the estimates of effect or may change the estimates. Evidence from a new large study has increased our confidence that five days of corticoid is likely to be a safe and well-tolerated treatment for adults with acute exacerbations of chronic obstructive lung disease, and this review suggests that the likelihood is low that shorter courses of systemic steroids (of around five days) lead to worse outcomes than are seen with longer (10 to 14 days) courses. The studies in this review did not include people with mild or moderate COPD; the evidence is current to February 2015.
We found only one randomised controlled trial (RCT; a type of study in which people are allocated at random to one of two or more treatment groups) that looked at the use of red blood cell transfusions in people with MDS. The one RCT had a very low risk of bias and contained only 13 participants. The RCT did not show that there was a difference in the risk of death from any cause (all-cause) or any other cause. There was no evidence to show that giving red blood cells to people with bone marrow failure who have not had any bleeding problems or who have had a blood transfusion before was better than not giving them any cells at all. There were no anaemia- and heart-related (cardiac) complications (heart attack or stroke) or adverse events (transfusion reactions or iron overload) reported. The study did not report: death due to bleeding/infection/transfusions, iron overload, quality of life, frequency and length of time spent in hospital, serious infections (requiring admission to hospital), or serious bleeding (e.g. haemoglobin (Hb) transfusion). The quality of the included RCT was very low. This means that we are not able to draw any conclusions about the best way to give blood to patients with bone cancer who have no blood in their blood. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found that there is a lack of evidence to support the use of games as a way to improve the skills of health care staff. We found one study that used a game based on the television game show "Family Feud" as a reinforcement technique. The study did not assess any patient or process of care outcomes. The group that was randomized to the game had higher scores on the knowledge test (P = 0.02) immediately and 3 months after the intervention. The participants in the group that received the game were more than twice as likely to be able to play the game than the control group. However, the quality of the study was not high. A second study compared a board game called "Snakes and Ladders" with traditional case-based learning of stroke prevention and management. The results did not show that the two groups were any different in terms of the amount of knowledge they had when they returned to work at the end of the three-month follow-up. Participants in the game-based group were more likely to report that they were happy with the game and that they had a greater amount of fun playing the game. There is a need for high-quality research to explore the impact of educational games on patient and performance outcomes.
The aim of this review was to assess the effectiveness of lithium or antidepressant drugs in reducing the risk of relapse in people with unipolar affective disorder. Eight randomised, long-term trials with a total of 475 people were included in the review. Two of the included a mixed group of participants with a mix of people with both bipolar and unipolar disorder. When all kinds of relapses were considered (both depressive and manic), there was a difference in favour of the use of lithium in terms of the number of relapsing relapsers who were admitted to hospital. There was no other difference between the treatment groups for all other outcomes. The results did not exclude the point of no effect, when the random-effects model was used (RR random effects 0.40, 95% CI 0.14 to 1.18).
We found that the amifostine did not reduce the risk of developing xerostomia (scarring of the X-ray of the thyroid) or the need for surgery in any of the 130 participants in the trials. There was no difference in the number of salivary or submandibular lymph nodes that had shrunk in the first year after treatment with high-dose radioactive iodine treatment. There were also no differences in the percentage of patients who had low blood pressure at one year after the end of treatment. However, there was a slight decrease in the amount of technetium-99m taken by the salivaries of the mouth and neck at three months after high dose treatment. No adverse events were reported in the patients in the included trials. None of the trials looked at death from any cause, morbidity, health-related quality of life or costs.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 45 children aged from 29 months to six years with Down syndrome. All three of the RCTs compared parent-medicine interventions with TAU. One RCT was funded by a grant from the Hospital for Sick Children Foundation (Toronto, Ontario, Canada) and the other two studies were funded by grants from other sources, but it is not clear from which source the funding came from. We found that the quality of the evidence was very low. We judged all three studies to be at high risk of bias, which means that we cannot be sure that the results are valid and that further research is very likely to have an effect on our confidence in the results. The findings from the three studies were inconsistent. One study found no differences in expressive or receptive language abilities between the groups, whether measured by direct assessment or parent reports. However, they did find that children in the intervention group could use more targeted vocabulary items or utterances with language targets in some contexts after the intervention, compared to those in the TAU group, but this was not maintained 12 months later. The third study found gains for the parents in terms of their children's total-language skills immediately after the end of the intervention. One of the studies did not find any differences in parental stress scores in the groups at any time point up to 12 months after the start of the study. One trial found that parents in the parent-led group were more likely to use the strategies described above, and in one study most strategies were still used in the group at 12 months post-intervention. No study found any loss of language skills in the children in either group, and one study found improvement in children's socialisation skills in those who had been in the treatment group. Only one study looked at whether parents were able to stick to the strategies. It found that mothers in the parents' group attended most of the group sessions and were present for all but four home visits. It did not look at whether the parents used the strategies outside of the groups. No studies measured use of the strategies in other ways, such as other parts of the home, or whether children used them in the home. The results of this Cochrane review are up to date as of July 2017. We are very disappointed that we were not able to find any good-sized, well-conducted studies to assess the effects of parent-based interventions for improving the language and communication of children with Down's syndrome. This is due to the very low number of children included in the studies and the fact that they were all very small. We need well-designed, large-scale studies to find out if these types of interventions are effective.
We found that there was not a lot of evidence to judge the effect of exercise-based heart valve surgery on the risk of death or serious adverse events. We did find that, compared with control (no exercise), there may be an increase in the number of people who were able to walk at the end of three to six months follow-up. However, we did not find evidence that this had an impact on quality of life or return to work. We were not able to draw conclusions about the impact on other outcomes due to a lack of evidence. There is a need for more research in this area. This review is up-to-date as of March 2017.
We found five RCTs (1130 participants) that looked at the effectiveness of a range of treatments for adults in the end-of-life phase of a long-term illness. Two of the studies looked at meditation, the others looked at a type of palliative care intervention that involved a chaplain or a spiritual counsellor as part of the intervention team. All five studies were from the same country, and all five were undertaken in the same way, but it is not clear if all of the patients in the trials had received support from a chaplainse or a psychotherapist or both. It is also not clear whether the people in the comparison groups had received spiritual or religious support, or both, as a part of their daily care or from elsewhere. We found no evidence that any of the treatments had an effect on quality of life or well-being. There was a suggestion that when meditation was used in the short-term it may help, but in the medium-term when it was added to massage, it did not seem to help. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found six studies with a total of 137 people with a range of ages from 18 to 80 years of age. We found that tDCS did not reduce the time that people spent in the immobile off time or on time with dyskineia (time that symptoms are not controlled by medication) or improve the gait speed of people with Parkinson's disease. There was no difference in the number of people who dropped out of the study or who had adverse events or died. However, there was an increased risk of dropouts, side effects, and deaths in people who received tDCS compared to those who did not receive tDCS. We did not find any evidence that people who had tDCS were less likely to drop out, to have side effects or to die. We also found no studies that looked at the effect of tDCS on the quality of life, physical health, mental health, or activities of daily living. The quality of evidence was very low for all outcomes. This means that we are uncertain about the results and that further research is very likely to have an effect on our conclusions.
We included 12 studies with a total of 461 adults with CRPS. All of these were at high or unclear risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way that the research was done). We found that LASB was no more or less effective than placebo (sham) or corticosteroid for reducing pain in CRPS at short-term or long-term follow-up, and that it was no better or worse than other active treatments (low to very low quality evidence). There was no difference in pain scores at one-year or six months after the end of treatment (very low to low quality results). There were no adverse events reported in any of the studies. There is a lack of high quality evidence to support or refute the use of LASBs for the treatment of CRPS, and we are uncertain as to whether or not they are safe or effective.
We found 14 trials, with a total of 2488 participants. Most of these were small, and most were at high or unclear risk of bias (ie, there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way that the trial was run). We found that the combination of antivirals and corticosteroids may have little or no effect on rates of complete recovery in people with Bell's palsy compared to corticostoids alone, but the results were imprecise and we could not rule out that there might be no effect. For people with a moderate-to-severe form of Bell’s palsy, we found that there was no clear difference in the rate of recovery at month six in people who had been on the antiviral drug for at least six months compared to those who had received corticrostoids alone. However, we did find that people who were on antiviral drugs were less than half as likely to have a long-term side-effect (such as motor synkinesis or crocodile tears) when they were treated with the treatment compared to people who received placebo or no treatment. In people with more than a moderate degree of severity of Bell' s palsy (i.e. severe Bell' palsy on a House-Brackmann score of 5 and 6, or equivalent on other scales), we found no clear benefit from the use of the treatment. The use of a combination of the two drugs may have reduced the number of people who developed late-reoccurrences (recurrences that last for a long time after the original illness has passed, such as rhabdomyosarcoma or rheumatoid arthritis) from the original. There was no difference between the groups in terms of adverse events. We rated the certainty of the evidence from studies using four levels: very low, low, moderate, high, or high. Very low-certainty evidence means that we are very uncertain about the results. High-quality research is needed to find out if the treatment is safe and effective.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) on the use of LHRH agonists in the treatment of patients with relapsed and platinum-resistant (relapsed) EOC. The evidence is up-to-date as of December 2014. We found one RCT (Du Bois 2002) and one study (Currie 1994) that met our criteria. Both RCTs included 97 women. One RCT compared leuprorelin or treosulfan to a chemotherapeutic agent (treosulfans) and the other to a placebo (decapeptyl). The length of follow-up was 2.5 years and quality of life (QoL) was not reported in this study. There may be little or no difference between the two treatments in terms of survival (OS) or progression-free survival (PFS) at six and 12 months. Alopecia (scarring of the back of the head and neck) and tiredness were the most common side effects reported in women who were treated with either drug (very low- or low-quality evidence). There may also be no difference in other Grade 3/4 side effects, such as nausea and vomiting, nerve damage and neutropenia (low white blood cell counts). The other RCT, which compared decapeptol treatment with placebo, reported mean PFS of 16 weeks verus 11.2 weeks and mean OS of 6.6 weeks. No relative effects measures or P value at a time point were reported. Overall, the quality of evidence for all outcomes (OS, PFS, QoL and adverse events) was low. Adverse events were reported in only one study and were not clearly described in the other. Based on these results, there is not evidence to comment on the effectiveness and safety of the treatment for patients with platinum-refractory or platinum-resistant EOC in the management of this type of cancer.
We found 17 studies that compared iNO with placebo (placebo) or standard care without iNO in infants with hypoxia. Ten of these included infants with a diaphragmatic hernia (a hole in the baby's chest that makes it difficult for air to reach the lungs). Ninos 1997 was the largest and was the first to use iNO. Inhaled nitric oxide appears to reduce the risk of death or use of an arterial ventilator (ECMO) in term and near-term infants with low blood oxygen levels. The need for ECMO was not increased in the group of infants who received iNO, and iNO did not result in a reduction in death or need for an ECMO. However, iNO improved oxygenation of the blood (oxygenation index (OI) and partial pressure of arterial oxygen (PaO2) by a mean of 53 mmHg in approximately 50% of infants. The OI was decreased by a (weighted) mean of 15.1 within 30 to 60 hours after the start of iNO and the PaO2 was increased by an OI on average of 53mmHg. Whether infants had clear echocardiographic evidence of a persistent lung hypertension of the newborn (PPHN) did not seem to have an effect on the response to iNO treatment. Outcomes of babies with a hernia were not better with iNO compared with those who did not have one. Infants who had iNO were not more ill-healthful than those who were not in the iNO group. Fewer of the babies who were given iNO when they were in hospital were in need of ECMO, and there was no increase in the need for ventilators. The number of babies who died was similar in infants who were in intensive care and in those who had been in hospital for less than 24 hours. The risk of deafness was the same in the two groups, and the number of children who were deaf was not different in the groups that had been given either iNO or no treatment. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2016.
This is an update of a Cochrane review that was first published in 2004. In the first version of this review, there were 14,437 people with low-back pain who received either a lumbar support or no intervention or training, or both. The evidence is up to date as of February 2015. The review now has eight studies with a total of 1361 people. The quality of the studies was rather low. There was moderate evidence that lumbars are not more effective than no treatment or training in the prevention of low back pain, and there is conflicting evidence whether they are also effective in the treatment of low- back pain. It is not clear if they are better than no or other treatments for the treatment. There is a need for high quality randomised trials on the effectiveness of lumbaregulation. One of the most issues to tackle in these studies seems to be ensuring that patients are able to use the support.
We found 57 studies with 16,784 catheters and 11 types of impregnations. Most of the participants were adults (18 years of age or more) from intensive care units (ICUs) or cancer and haemodialysis units (hospitals where blood is pumped through a CVC to treat cancer) or other types of hospitals. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. We found that impregnation of the CVC with an antifungal drug (antibiotic) reduced rates of CRBSI and catheter-related blood stream infection by 2% and 9% in patients in the ICU and 11 in the oncology unit, but did not reduce the rates of sepsis, death from any cause or any cause-caused death. Antibiotic-impregnated CVCs did not seem to reduce the risk of dying. There was no difference between the impregnated and non-impregnant groups in the rate of adverse events, such as thrombosis/thrombophlebitis, bleeding, erythema and/or tenderness at the insertion site. The effectiveness of the antibiotic CVC in the prevention of CVC-based blood stream and blood stream infections was greater in intensive care and cancer units than in other settings, but not in other clinical settings. The magnitude of the effects was not affected by the patients' risk of death or the severity of the disease. The effects of impregnation on the occurrence of other adverse events were not clear. The overall quality of evidence was moderate to high.
We included 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in this review. The RCTs took place in Bangladesh, India, and Peru. The studies included 9261 infants and children, and 3664 pregnant women. There were no studies that looked at the effects of eating healthy foods. All the studies looked at nutrition-based interventions that were given to people living in slums or poor urban or periurban areas. The interventions were based on the theory that children who receive a certain type of food or drink may be less likely to be born with low birthweight or have low height or weight, or both. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2018. We did not find evidence that any of the interventions had an effect on birthweight, height, or weight. There was no evidence of an impact on length of life or on the risk of death from any cause. However, there was some evidence that some of the programmes may have had a positive effect on growth. We found no difference in the numbers of children who were still alive 18 months after the end of the study. We could not draw any conclusions about the impact of the nutrition interventions on the number of people who dropped out of school because of poor health or who were not able to make it back to school on time due to poor health. The quality of the evidence was very low to very low. The main reasons for this were imprecision and imprecise results.
We found 12 RCTs (1023 participants) comparing foam dressages with other wound dressages. There was no difference in the number of ulcers that healed at 12 to 16 weeks between foam dressings and hydrocolloid dressings, paraffin gauze, or any other wound dressing. There were no differences in the amount of time that the ulcers took to heal when foam dressage was compared with either polyurethane foam dressing, or with other types of wound dressage. The risk of adverse events was the same in all of the comparisons. There is a need for well-designed and rigorously-conducted randomised controlled trials that use methods to minimise bias and report their results clearly, before any conclusions can be made about the use of foam dressers in the management of venous leg ulcers.
We found that celecoxib and etoricoxib (acetaminophen) do not increase the severity of IBD symptoms in patients with IBD with rheumatological (i.e. ulcerative colitis or Crohn's disease) symptoms. After 12 weeks of treatment, 17% (14/82) of patients in the etricoxib group and 19% (15/77) of the celecoxb group had an IBD flare-up compared to 6% (7/110) of people in the placebo group. No patients in either group died or had serious side-effects. Side-effect rates were similar in the two groups. GI AEs included increased stools, rectal bleeding, and inflamed mucosa (mucosa is the lining of the gut). No patients had any heart or blood clots. The only side-effect that was reported in one of the studies was gastrointestinal (e.g. diarrhoea) and this was in 3% (2.7%) of patients. In the other study, 11% (3.2%) of the patients in both groups had stomach ulcers. No serious side effects were reported. The quality of the evidence was low due to the very low numbers of events and the short follow-up durations of the included studies. Therefore, it is not clear whether or not these drugs are safe or well-treatable in IBD. More research is required in this area.
We found 22 studies with a total of over 2310 adults with ulcers of all ages who had been treated with various types of antimicrobials (antibiotics, growth factors, and antifungals) for wounds that had been cut in the skin (wounds that had not healed yet) from the skin to the bone (called ulcers). The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2018. We found that more wounds healed when treated with an antimicrobial dressing than with a non-antimicrobial dressing, and that the risk of adverse events was similar between the two groups. However, we are not sure about the effects of these treatments on wound healing, the number of ulcers that healed, the time it took for the wound to become clear of infection, or the need for the ulcers to be resectioned. There was not enough information to draw conclusions about the risks of side effects or other adverse events. We also found that there was not much information about the effectiveness of the treatments for wound-healing or the time taken for the wounds to heal. We are uncertain about the benefits and harms of the use of antibiotics for treating ulcers with wounds that have not yet healed or that are still infected. There is a need for more research in this area. We rated the certainty of the evidence as low or very low for most of our outcomes. This means that we are very unsure about the results and that we cannot be sure that the true results are likely to be close to the truth. The certainty of evidence ranged from moderate to very low.
We did not find any new studies for this update. We found six randomised, double-blind, cross-over, multi-centre, multicentre studies involving 5193 adults and children. All of the children were aged from one month to 18 years. All studies were from the USA and one was from the UK. The mean age of the participants ranged from 5.5 to 7.0 years. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2018. We did not identify any new randomised studies for inclusion in this review. Analysis showed that the risk of pneumonia was reduced by 13% and the prevalence of pneumonia by 41% in the group of children who were supplemented with zinc. On the other hand, we found that children who received zinc were 21% less likely to have a case of pneumonia that could be confirmed by a chest X-ray or a chest x-ray, but this was not the case in children who did not take zinc. We rated the quality of the evidence as low because of the lack of precision and imprecision of the results.
We found 10 randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, cross-over, multi-centre, multicentre, and quasi-trials of vitamin A in 33,179 children aged from one month to 18 years. Eight of the 10 studies found no difference in the risk of acute LRTI between children who were given vitamin A and those who were not. Vitamin A caused an increase in cough and fever in one study; an increased risk of fever and cough in one other; and symptoms of cough and rapid breathing in two other studies. Three of the studies reported no differences and no protective effect of the vitamin A. Low-dose vitamin A appears to have fewer side effects and at least equal benefit to a high dose of the same dose. Two of the ten studies found that vitamin A reduced the number of children who had an acute low-back fever or cough in children with poor nutrition, but increased the risk in healthy children. This result is not consistent with current knowledge of the use of vitamins in the prevention of LRTIs and should not be given to all children.
Twenty RCTs were included in this review. Theophylline is a bronchodilator used to treat the symptoms of COPD. It is a relatively new drug and has been used for many years, but has only been used in a small number of studies. This review found that people with COPD who received theophyllines were more than twice as likely to be able to breathe out more air in one second and to have a greater amount of air in their lungs at rest than those who did not take the drug. There was a very low dropout rate in the studies that could be analysed, which may be due to the fact that most of the participants may have been well-known to receive the drug and were able to take it. This may have made them less likely to drop out of the studies. People who took the drug were more likely to have their blood pressure and blood gas levels lower in the short-term (i.e. at rest) and improve in the long-term. People also had less breathlessness and were more able to walk further in some of the trials. However, there was a greater risk of nausea in people who had taken the drug than in those who had not. People taking the drug had a greater chance of feeling sick than those in the placebo group. Very few people dropped out of these trials for any reason.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 439 children, aged 1 year to 18 years, who received either oral or sublingual (sublingual is the part of the mouth where the egg is fed to the child) or a placebo (e.g. a sugar pill) or an egg avoidance diet as the control. We found that children who received treatment were able to eat a greater amount of egg (1 g to 7.5 g) than those who did not receive treatment, and they were more likely to be able to tolerate a full serving of egg compared to the control group. However, they also had more side effects, mainly from the use of epinephrine (epinephrine) or adrenaline (adrenaline is a drug that can be used to treat anaphylaxis), and some of them may have been caused by eating the wrong type of egg. About 1 in 12 of the children had a severe allergic reaction that needed adrenaline, and some people gave up the treatment. It was not clear whether there was a trade-off in the number of children who could eat and drink egg and the amount that they could eat of egg, and whether there were any side effects. The quality of evidence was low due to the small size of the trials and the risk of bias in the way that some of the studies were done.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 579 participants. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. We did not find evidence that an ILR reduced the risk of death in the long-term. There was no difference between those who were followed-up for at least three years and those who received conventional care in terms of the number of people who died. No data were available for short-term deaths. Two of the four RCTs reported on adverse events after the implantation of the ILR. Due to the lack of data on side-effects, we could not perform a formal analysis for this outcome. Data from one of the RCT showed that there was no effect of the use of ILR on quality of life, although this finding was not supported by a formal review due to the differences in both the scores used and the way the data were reported. Two studies seemed to show a trend towards a reduction in syncope relapse after diagnosis in people who had been implanted with an interleukin-1 (ILR) in the first year after diagnosis. Cost analyses from the included in the review showed that the costs of the implant were more in the group that had an implant. The average cost per diagnosis and the mean cost per arrhythmic diagnosis were lower for those who had received an implanted ILR compared to those who did not. The quality of evidence was rated as very low for death and moderate for the other end-points analysed.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 275 patients with 282 hydroceles. The patients were randomised to surgery or sclerotherapy. All studies were assessed as being at low or unclear risk of bias for selection bias (i.e. bias in favour of one treatment or the other due to the way that the study was carried out). None of the RCTs used a 'blinded' design, which means that participants and investigators did not know which treatment they were receiving. Blinding was not reported in any of the studies. There were no differences between the treatment groups in the cure rate in short-term follow-up. There was an increase in recurrence of the disease in those who were treated with scleroscopy compared with surgery. One study reported a non-significant decrease in fever in the scleromy group and an increased risk of infections in the surgery group, however this increase was not significant. Radical cure was not found in any study and there was no difference in haematoma formation between the two groups. Only one of the four studies reported patient satisfaction at three and six months after the end of treatment. There is a great need for more research in this area. It is important that the studies have a large number of patients and that they are long-term (at least six months). There should also be studies that assess the effectiveness of different types of sclerosant agents, sclerosing solution concentration and injection volume for the treatment of hydrocoeles. There should be clinical outcomes such as pain, recurrence, cost and time to work resumption as well as well reported in the reports of these studies should be registered in clinical trial registries and the results should be consistent with international guidelines of trial reporting such as CONSORT.
We found one RCT that compared nebulised recombinant human deoxyribonuclease (rhDNase) with placebo in 40 children with airway malacia and a respiratory tract infection. We assessed it to be a RCT with a low risk of bias. There was no difference between the two groups in the proportion of children who were no longer cough-free at the end of the first week of the RCT. However, the mean change in night time cough diary scores was greater in the placebo group than in the group that was treated with rhDNase at night time. The average change in day time cough and sputum scores from the start of the trial was similar in both groups, but the difference between groups was not large. Other outcomes (dyspnoea (shortness of breath), and difficulty in expectorating sputus, and lung function tests at two weeks) favoured the dummy group. It is not clear whether the use of nebulising improves recovery from tracheomalacia or not. There is a need for more RCTs to be done to find out if any of the therapies currently used to treat the condition are effective. For those with less severe disease, other treatments such as antibiotics and chest physiotherapies are needed.
We found 21 randomised, double-blind, quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 2658 people. All of the people in the studies had some form of psychosocial treatment for MUPS or MUPS. Fourteen of the RCTs looked at one form of therapy called 'counseling' (CBT), and the others were called 'behaviour therapy', 'third-wave CBT','mindfulness', and 'psychodynamic therapy'. Five of the studies looked at a form of 'enhanced care', and the other five looked at'structured care', which is a type of care in which people are assigned to a group by a method called a 'centre of care' (i.e. a group of people who are put in a group at a fixed time, such as by a doctor, nurse, or therapist). We did not find any studies that looked at the effectiveness of other types of therapy. Most of the participants had been suffering from MUPS for at least a few months, and some had been in the MUPS group for several years. Most studies did not report any side-effects of the treatments, so we do not know if there were any harms associated with the treatments. The quality of evidence was moderate to low for most of the outcomes, but there were some problems with the design of some studies that could have led to bias. For example, in 11 out of 21 studies, people dropped out of treatment because they did not think they would be able to cope with the treatment. In 14 of the 21 included studies, a greater proportion of patients dropped out because they were not able to take part in the treatment than those who were able to. This means that people with MUPS may not have been able to receive the treatment they should have received. It is likely that there are many more drop-outs in the psychological treatment groups than there are participants in the usual care groups, and that the drop-out rates may be much greater in the group that is not receiving the therapy. There is a need for more research in this area. The evidence is up to date as of March 2016.
We included 63 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in our review. We were able to synthesize data from 39 RCTs, enrolling a total of 3027 adults and children. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2018. We found that there is moderate-quality evidence that regional anaesthesia may reduce the risk of developing PPP three to 18 months after thoracotomy and three to 12 months after caesarean section. There is low-quality, low-risk-of-pulmonary-prolonged-problems (PPP) evidence for breast cancer surgery. However, there is evidence that the use of intravenous infusion of local anaesthesia three to six months after iliac crest bone graft harvesting (ICBG) may be a way to prevent PPP. We did not find evidence that paravertebral block (block of the spinal canal) is a safe and effective method for preventing PPP, but we are not sure if it is safe or not. We could not pool evidence for side-effects of the treatments because the included studies did not examine them systematically, and did not report them clearly. There was a high risk of bias from missing data and a lack of blinding, which means that participants did not know whether they were in the treatment group or the control group, and this could have led to bias. We are not able to draw conclusions about other types of surgery because of the lack of data. There are seven ongoing studies and 12 studies that may change the conclusions of the current review once they are published and incorporated.
Twenty-eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1742 patients were included in this review. The drugs tested were first- and second-gen antipsychotics (flupenthixol decanoate, haloperidol, thiothixene, topiramam, valproate semisodium, lamotrigine and topiramate), antidepressants (amitriptyline, fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, phenelzine sulfate, mianserin), and omega-3 fatty acids (omega-3 acids). All drugs were well-taken care in terms of the number of patients who dropped out of the trials. Data were available for all comparisons except for olanzapine which showed more weight gain, sedation and changes in haemogram (blood test) parameters with olanZapine. There was a possible increase in self-harms, weight gain and sedation, and a decrease in body weight with topiramine. There were no major side effects of any of the drugs compared with each other or the other drugs alone. All drugs did not seem to have an effect on the severity of BPD, which was not increased by the use of any drug. No results were found for the core BPD symptoms of a sense of loss, loss of self, and loss of identity. The available evidence indicates some effects with second-generation antipsychotic drugs, mood stabilising drugs, and dietary supplementation by omega-based fatty acids. The long-term use of these drugs has not been assessed. Antidepressants are not widely supported for BPD treatment, but may be helpful in the presence of comorbid conditions.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared washout with no washout. We included a total of 349 adults (aged 18 years and over) in the review. We are not sure if washout (saline or acid solution) compared to no wash out has an important effect on the rate of symptomatic urinary tract infection or length of time each catheter was in the catheters or on the number of cathes used or the use of other types of washout or washout volumes or timings. We also cannot be sure if different types of saline or acid solutions (stronger or weaker) or the amount of saline in the washout solution are more or less likely to cause a catheter to rupture because the results are imprecise. The high risk of bias of the evidence was high or very low, which means that we are uncertain about the accuracy of the results. Only one trial was free of problems with the way it was done, but there were problems with recruitment and the way in which it was run. Only 14 out of 25 people who were enrolled in this 12 week, three arm trial (out of 25 who were recruited) were found to be in the comparison group. Four of the trials were cross-over and four were parallel-group RCTs (a type of RCT in which people are put into one of two or more treatment groups at random). Three of these were based on between-group (cross-over) differences rather than differences between the people in the groups for the treatment groups. Two of these had limited clinical value: one combined the results for suprapubic and urethral cathes and the other for only four people. None of the studies looked at: how many cathes were used, how many times the cathes had to be re-inserted, or re-stitched, or changed, or the cost to the health of the patients. The quality of evidence was very low or very poor, so we are not able to say if washouts are better or worse than no washouts. There is a need for more research in this area. The evidence is up to date as of March 2016.
We included 30 studies (18,682 adults and 16,952 children and teenagers) in our review. Eighteen of these studies (describing 14,573 survivors) looked at the effect of cancer treatment on fatigue, and 22 of them looked at fatigue after cancer treatment. We did not have enough data to be able to draw any conclusions about how many of the survivors of childhood cancer suffered from fatigue. We could not be sure how many people in the studies we looked at had tiredness after their cancer was still in the blood. We found that in a subgroup of three studies (14,573 cancer survivors) where children were aged up to 18 years at the time of fatigue assessment, there were 6.7% to 12.5% of those who were tired. In this group there were also 13,952 people who were aged 16 and over. In the other subgroup (12,952 survivors) there were 4.4% to 61.7%, and in this subgroup there were 8.8% to 35.9%. It is not clear how many children who have been treated for cancer in the past 10 years suffer from tiredness. We also found that tiredness was more common in survivors of brain cancer and bone cancer, but not in other types of cancer. One study looked at tiredness over time, and found that over the course of 2.7 years, 32 of the 102 participants (31.4%) who had been in the study had experienced tiredness at least twice a day for at least one hour each day. They found that depression might be linked to tiredness, but age at the age of the cancer and education level did not seem to be linked. We were not able to calculate the risk of being tired from any of the reported risks and risk factors, because we could not do it in a way that would allow us to do so. The evidence in this review is weak, and we are not sure how much of a risk there is of tiredness in childhood cancer survivors. This is especially true for people who have not had cancer for a long time.
We found 36 randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, multi-centre, cross-over and quasi-trials involving 6914 adults. There was variation in the type of antibiotics used, the number of participants and the risk of RTIs and deaths in the control groups. In trials comparing a combination of topical and systemic antibiotics, there was a reduction in both RTIs (16, 17, 19) and death rates (17, 19, 20) in the treated group. In the same way, in trials comparing the use of antibiotic prophylactics alone (topical and systemic) there was also a decrease in RTIs but not in death rates. The risk of resistance to the antibiotics occurring as a side effect of antibiotic use was not explored in most of the trials.
We found five small, low quality, randomised controlled studies that looked at the use of PR in elderly people in the long-term care setting. All of them looked at whether or not PR was used in the care home or in the group home. Four of the studies looked at nursing home residents and one looked at residents in group dwelling units. No studies in the community were found. Three of the five studies included only one or more nursing homes for each of the study conditions. The quality of the evidence was low. One study in the nursing home setting showed an increase of PR use in both groups after eight months, while the other three studies found that PR use was reduced in the intervention groups after seven and 12 months of follow up. The results from the one study in group homes showed no change in PR use after six months, whereas PR use increased in the control group. There is not enough evidence to support the effectiveness of any of the interventions in this field.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing glucocorticoids with placebo in a total of 416 women undergoing IVF/ICSI cycles (from the time of ovary stimulation to the day of oocyte retrieval) for IVF or ICSI. Two of the RCTs had data in a form that we could not analyse, so results are based on data from only two trials (310 and 212 women). One of the studies gave a description of the methods used in the other, but the other was at low risk of bias in all domains. The evidence was of low or very low quality for all outcomes, mainly due to imprecision, with low sample sizes and few events. There was not enough evidence to conclude whether there was any difference between the groups in live birth rate. Our findings suggest that if the chance of live birth with placebo is assumed to be 15%, the chance following supplementation would be between 7% and 31%. There was no evidence of a difference in the clinical pregnancy rate (low- and very low-risk of bias) between the two groups. Our results also showed that there was no difference in multiple-pregnancy rate (very low-quality evidence) or the number of women who had a miscarriage. Neither of the included studies reported OHSS or side-effects. The quality of evidence was very low or low due to the lack of data and imprecise results. More research is needed.
We found eight trials (291 adults, aged between five and 23 years of age, with cystic fibrotic lung disease. Six of the trials lasted for one year and the other six for six months. We found that rhGH treatment may improve some of the pulmonary function measures, but there was no clear improvement in height, weight or lean body mass with rhGH compared with no rhGH. There was no difference between the dose of rhGH (0.3 mg/kg/week to 0.5 mg/ kg/week) or the number of people who had a high-dose or a low-dose rhGH in the trials. There is some evidence of a change in the level of fasting blood glucose, but this did not reach the level that would be required for a diagnosis of diabetes in the short-term (six months or less) trials. We did not find evidence that any of the studies were of high- or low-risk of bias, but they were all too short to be of high risk of bias. One of the three-arm trial (63 adults) was of low quality due to the small size and the short duration of the trial. One trial reported improvements in quality of life and one trial reported an improvement in exercise capacity. None of the included trials have looked at the impact of the cost of the treatment on overall healthcare costs. The evidence is up to date as of March 2015. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to low.
We found 26 non-randomized controlled before and after studies with 1,695 people who had worked in the same place at the same time for the same length of time. We found that both removal from exposure and reduction of exposure may lead to an increase in the number of people who did not have any symptoms of asthma symptoms compared to those who continued to be exposed to the substance in the first place. However, we also found that the former may improve symptoms and lung function more than the latter. Removal from exposure may also lead to a decrease in the risk of becoming sick and losing a job. We did not find that reducing the amount of the substance used in the workplace increased the likelihood of not having symptoms or that there was a reduction in the severity of the symptoms. The risk of unemployment may also be increased after removal from the work site. The quality of the evidence is very low for all outcomes. More high-quality research is needed.
We found six randomised, quasi-randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials (studies in which participants are assigned to one of two or more treatment groups using a random method) with a total of 1758 adults. The average age of participants ranged from 48 to 57 years, except for one trial that had a mean age of 73 years. All participants were from the hospital setting and had either nonerosive reflux or milder grades of esophagitis (LA grade A or B). Five of the six trials looked at the use of PPI on-demand and one trial looked at stopping PPI after six weeks. There was low quality evidence that people who stopped taking PPI for a few weeks may have been at increased risk of 'lack of symptom control' compared with people who took PPI every day. People who stopped using PPI may have had an increase in GI symptoms (e.g. dyspepsia, regurgitation) and probably a reduction in the amount of pills they took, but there was no clear reduction in their pill use. However, there was a drop in the number of people who were satisfied with their PPI use. There were too few data to make a conclusion about the long-term benefits and harms of stopping the PPI medication. None of the studies looked at whether people were still able to eat and drink well after stopping the medication.
We included 13 randomised trials with a total of 995 participants in this Cochrane Schizophrenia Group review. All of the participants were adults with a range of ages from 18 to 65 years of age with a high risk of schizophrenia. The evidence is up to date as of March 2014. We found that social skills training may improve the social skills of people with schizophrenia and reduce the risk of relapsing and rehospitalisation compared to standard care. We also found that rates of relapse and re-rehospitalisation were lower for social skills and people’s mental state was better in the group receiving social skills. However, when social skills were compared to a discussion group, we found no differences in the patients’ social functioning, relapse rates, mental state or quality of life, again the quality of evidence for these outcomes was very low. When social skills was compared to discussion there was no difference on patients' outcomes. Whether social skills can be used in other settings is still not clear and should be investigated in a large multi-centre randomised controlled trial.
We found only one randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial (RCT) of pegloticase for the management of tophi in gout. This was the pooled results from two RCTs (225 participants, 145 with tophi at the end of treatment, randomised to one of three arms) with a total of three treatment groups: peglotrexate (8 mg) given once a week for two weeks (biweekly) or twice a week (monthly) for three weeks, and a placebo (placebo) given for the rest of the month. The RCT was funded by the manufacturer of the drug. We found that peglotics given biweekly reduced the number of people who had tophi by about half in the subset of patients who received this drug, but there was a higher risk of adverse events in this group than in the placebo group. On the other hand, peglots were more likely to withdraw from the treatment group due to adverse events than those who received the placebo. This may be due to flare-ups of gout, probably unrelated to the drug treatment per se, which may be why there was such a high rate of side effects in those who had not had a flare-up yet. We did not find any information on other treatments, such as surgery to remove the tophi from the person's tophi. We rated the quality of the evidence from the one RCT using four levels: very low, low, moderate, high, or high. Very low-quality evidence means that we are very uncertain about the accuracy of the results. High-quality results mean that we can be very confident in the findings.
We found three studies on the use of IgA alone or IgA combined with IgA for the prevention of NEC in 2095 newborns. Oral IgA did not reduce the risk of NEC or the need for surgery or the death from NEC. There are no studies on IgA in combination with IgG or IgG/IgA.
Five RCTs were found that women who had surgery for hysterectomy and surgery to remove the ovary and ovary were at a lower risk of recurrence of their cancer than those who had not had surgery or surgery but were also at a higher risk of developing a metastasis (scarring of the pelvis) from the tumour. The risk of death from any cause was reduced from 25% to 4% in the group who received surgery and surgery and from 1% to 8% if they had surgery only. This means that one out of 25 women would be alive at any time after surgery and the risk of being dead at any point in time would be reduced by a quarter. There was no difference in the number of women who developed a new tumour after surgery or after surgery but there was a 5% reduction in the risk that the cancer would come back in the pelvic area (5% absolute risk reduction). There was also a 4% risk of the cancer coming back in another part of the body (metastasis) but this risk was not as high as in the surgery group. The analysis of pelvic recurrence rates is underpowered but the trend suggests that chemotherapy may be less effective than surgery for this type of cancer but it may have added value when used with surgery.
We included 35 studies, from a wide range of countries on six continents. Nineteen of the studies were from low- and middle-income settings and sixteen from high-income countries. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. The studies covered a range of types of digital health messages, for instance, about HIV, HIV-preventive health care, HIV/AIDS, family planning, or abortion care. Our results showed that clients' experiences of these types of programmes were mixed. Some felt that these programmes provided them with feelings of support and connectedness, as they felt that someone was taking the time to send them a message. They felt that the messages helped them feel more connected to the world around them. They also shared the messages with their friends and family. However, clients also pointed to problems when using these programmes. Some had poor access to cell networks and to the internet. Others had no phone, had lost or broken their phone, could not afford airtime, or had changed their phone number. Some clients, particularly women and teenagers, had their access to phones controlled by others. The cost of messages could also be a problem, and many thought that messages should be free of charge. Language issues as well as skills in reading, writing, and using mobile phones could be a major problem. Clients dealing with stigmatised or personal health conditions such as HIV, health care for HIV, abortion care, or HIV, or issues related to HIV, were concerned about how the messages were used and how they were used. Some of them suggested ways to deal with these issues, such as using neutral language and tailoring the content, timing, and frequency of the messages. They wanted messages at a time and frequency that was good for them, and they had preferences for the type of short message service (e.g. short text response or voice response) or for the way in which the message was sent. They had preferences about message content, including new knowledge, reminders, solutions, and suggestions about health issues. Clans' views about who sent the messages could influence their views of the programme. For an overview of the findings and our confidence in the evidence, please see the 'Summary of quality of evidence' table.
Twenty-three randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials with 2467 people were included in this review. Comparing methadone with any other medication, we found no clinical difference in terms of completion of treatment, number of people who were still abstinent at the end of the treatment period, degree of discomfort for withdrawal symptoms and adverse events, although it was not possible to pool data for the last two outcomes. These results were confirmed also when we considered the single comparisons: methadones versus adrenergic agonists (11 studies), other opioid agonists, other opioids, an anxiolytic, paiduyangsheng (a drug used to treat pain) and other drugs to treat anxiety and depression. However, when we looked at the participants who dropped out of the studies, more drop-outs were found in the placebo group. The results indicate that the medications used in the randomised controlled trials are generally of good quality, although the severity of withdrawal symptoms differed according to the medication used and the program used. The majority of participants relapsed to heroin use.
The aim of this review was to assess the benefits and harms of the use of heavy sedation or anaesthetism for the treatment of people who have been addicted to heroin or other opioids. Nine randomised controlled trials involving 1109 participants were found that compared heavy sedations with light sedation. The level of sedation does not affect the amount of time that people need to be in hospital and the length of time they are in hospital, although the duration of anaesthesia may influence this. There is a greater risk of adverse events with heavy, compared to light, sedation and probably with this approach compared to other forms of detoxification. The high cost of anaesthetic-based approaches, both in money terms and in terms of use of time and resources, and the high rate of side-effects and deaths associated with this form of treatment, does not justify its use.
This is an update of a Cochrane Schizophrenia review that was first published in 2004. In this update, we searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of the antipsychotic drug, molindone, that had been used to treat schizophrenia in the 1980s. We found 14 RCTs, which compared the effectiveness of this drug with other typical antipsychotics, and found that it was no more or less likely than other drugs to cause movement disorders, but it does cause more weight loss than other typical drugs. The strength of the evidence relating to this compound is limited, owing to a lack of data, poor design of the studies, and lack of information about the side effects of the drug.
We found 20 studies with a total of 2125 people with melasma of 23 different types of treatments. They can be grouped into those that use bleaching agents such as hydroquinone, triple-combination creams (tretinoin, azelaic acid, and fluocinolone acetonide), and combinations of these, as well as other treatments such as rucinol, vitamin C iontophoresis, and Thiospot and Gigawhite. The average age of participants ranged from 27 to 40 years and the average duration of treatment was six months. Most of the people in the studies had melasma for at least three months. The results showed that the use of three-combine creams was more effective at lightening melasma than either the original treatment (2% and 4% of the original therapy) or the combined treatment (1.5% and 2.5%), but not when compared to the other treatments. In addition, people who used a 20% zelic acid cream were more likely to have their melasma lightened by 20% than those who used 2% or 4%, but this was not the case for the other two types of cream. In two of the three treatments, people were more than twice as likely to report that their melasmas had improved when they were treated with tretino in one of the treatments and not the other. In both of the studies, the severity of the melasma was less in the group that received tretin. The adverse events most common were mild and transient such as skin irritation, itching, skin rash, and stinging. The quality of the included in this review was poor. More high-quality randomised trials on well-defined participants with long-term outcomes to determine the duration of response are needed.
Twelve trials, which randomised 1319 participants, were included in the review. All of the trials were at a high risk of bias (i.e. there was a high chance of bias in many of the methods used in the trials) and many were at risk of systematic error (ie, there was potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way that the trial was run and the results were reported). The evidence is up to date as of March 2013. The review found that 5-FU was found to be effective in reducing the risk of surgery failure in the first year after trabeculectomy in eyes at high risk and those undergoing surgery for the first time. The risk of failure was reduced from 4.1 to 5.0 in the high-dose postoperative group and from 6.0 to 6.1 in the low-dose group. There was also a reduction in the number of eyes that had to be closed and the amount of pressure in the eye at one year in the patients who received both types of injections. The quality of evidence varied between subgroups and outcomes, most of which was very low. This was the case for the combined surgery post-operative group because no surgical failures have been reported and the sample size is small (n = 118) and the low dose group due to the small size of the only study that reported on this group. None of the studies reported on the patients' views of care, which is a serious omission for an invasive treatment such as this. Post-operative injections are now rarely used as part of a routine package of postoperative care but are used on an ad hoc basis. This is likely to reflect an aspect of the treatment that is not known to both patients and doctors.
We found 55 studies with 16,154 people with COPD. Long-term use of inhaled steroids (more than six months) did not reduce the rate of decline in forced expiratory volume in one breath in COPD patients. There was no difference between ICS and placebo in terms of the risk of death from any cause. However, patients who took ICS had less chance of having a flare-up of their COPD (exacerbations) than those who took placebo, and had a lower rate of worsening in quality of life. The risk of pneumonia was higher in the ICS group than in the placebo group in the long-term studies. The number of people who developed a serious side effect (pneumonia) was not predicted by the way that the bronchodilator worked (e.g. a change in the amount of air in the lungs) or the length of time that the steroid was in the lung (oropharyngeal candidiasis or hoarseness), but this could be due to the fact that the patients knew whether they were on ICS or not (observation of bronchial response). There was an increased risk of oropharygeal (bronchial secretions in the oesophagus) and hoarse voice in people who had taken ICS compared to those who did not take ICS. The studies that looked at the effect of ICS on bones showed that ICS did not have a major effect on bone loss over three years.
We found 80 randomised controlled trials (5820 women) comparing 20 drugs (18 non-selective and two COX-2-specific) versus placebo, paracetamol or each other. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2015. We found that women with dysmenorrhoea who took an NSAID had more pain-relieving painkillers than those who took a placebo (35 RCTs, 53,000 women). This means that if 18% of women on placebo achieve moderate or good pain relief, between 45% and 53% of those on NSAIDs will do so. NSAIDs were associated with more side effects (gastric pain, nausea, vomiting, diarrhoea, headache, headache and sleepiness) than placebo, but there was no evidence of a difference between the groups with regard to side effect rates. When compared with each other, we did not find evidence that any of the drugs was better than any other for pain relief or side effects. There was no difference in the number of women who had side effects between those taking NSAIDs and those who were on other drugs. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for most of the comparisons, mainly due to poor reporting of the methods used in the trials.
We found that high levels of PEEP did not reduce the risk of death in the first few days after admission to the ICU compared with low levels. Oxygenation was improved in participants in the high-PEEP group, and the number of ventilator-free days did not differ between the two groups. The subgroup of participants with ARDS showed decreased deaths in the intensive care unit, although it must be noted that in two of the three studies, the authors used a protective ventilatory strategy involving a low volume of tidal volume and high level of PEP. We found no difference between high and low PEEP in terms of risk of barotrauma, nor was there any difference seen in the rate of death from any cause in the group in which high PEEP was used. The data also showed that high-pEEP improved oxygenation to the first, third, and seventh days.
We found 42 studies (11,399 patients) comparing HES with other types of fluid therapy in patients with AKI and RRT in all age groups. The risk of AKI was higher in the HES group and the risk of RRT was greater than in the other groups. There was no difference between sepsis and non-sepsis groups for the RRT and RIFLE-F based outcomes, but differences were seen between subgroups for the other outcomes such as high molecular weight (MW) and degree of substitution (DS) versus low MW and DS (≥ 200 kDa and > 0.4 DS, or 130 kDa versus 130 and 0.2 DS) HES solutions, or high or low dose treatments (i.e. ≥ 2 L versus < 2 L). Overall, the quality of the studies was good. However, all HES products increase the risk in AKI in all patients and a safe volume of any HES solution has yet to be determined. In most cases it is likely that these risks outweigh any benefits, and alternate volume replacement therapies should be used in place of HES.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared Rheum officinale with no treatment and with captopril, an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor (ACEi), in a total of 682 patients with CKD. The RCTs were conducted in Italy, the USA, and the UK. The quality of the evidence is both low and not high. All of the studies were at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way that the study was run and the way in which the results were reported) and none of the trials were blinded (patients and their carers did not know whether or not they were in the treatment group or not). Only minor side-effects were found to be linked to the use of this treatment. No data were available on all-cause deaths or cost of the treatment.
We found that the IQCODE can be used to identify older adults in the hospital setting who are at risk of Alzheimer's or other forms of dementia. It is useful for this, but not for those who are not at risk, and it is not clear how it will be used in the home or in the care home. We found that it is more accurate than the short (16-item) and the long (26-question) versions of the test, and that the language used to give the test did not affect the test results. However, we did not find any differences between the short and long versions in terms of how well the tool worked, or in how it was used in other parts of the world. There is a need for further research in this area.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 91 adults with a mean age of over 60 years. All three RCTs had a high risk of bias (ie, there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way the study was done). All three studies looked at various types and intensities of treatment for spasticity in adults who had had a stroke and were able to move their affected arm or leg. Outcomes were assessed in the short and long term. There was 'low quality' evidence for mCIMT, which is a form of movement therapy, in adults with stroke who had not been able to use their affected limb for at least six months, and'very low quality' of evidence for dynamic elbow splinting, which was a type of therapy in which the affected arm was fitted with a splint to help improve the range of movement of the arm. No trial looked at the effect of MD treatment on 'passive function' (caring for the affected limb), caregiver burden, or the quality of life of the carer. No study looked at treatment after other types of intramuscular treatment (e.g. laser treatment) or after other forms of treatment such as surgery. At best, there is low- to very low-quality evidence that there is no difference between MD and non-MD treatment in improving the function of the upper limb after stroke. More research is needed to find out which types of treatment are best, and how long-term, for, and what is the best way to treat, people with stroke and stroke survivors who have spasmy arms or legs.
We found four randomised trials, with a total of 136 patients, that compared the use of lamivudine and HBIg with the other drugs used to treat HBV after liver transplantation for preventing recurrence of HBV in patients with chronic HBV infection. All trials were open-labelled, and none of the trials were large or large enough to show a difference in HBV recurrence. No meta-analyses were performed, and no meta-analysis could be performed, as the trials assessed different comparisons. This review could not derive evidence from randomised clinical trials for the treatment of patients with a long-term HBV following liver transplants for prevention of recurrences. Large, well-designed, randomised studies are needed.
Searches identified 13,306 citations. Fifteen (10 studies) involving 1019 adults with LADA of which 1060 were randomised (1060 in the'sulphonylurea' group and the rest in 'antibiotic' group). All of the studies had a high risk of bias (ie, there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way that the study was run and the way in which the results were analysed) and were conducted. There was no information about health-related quality of life, complications of diabetes, cost or health service use, mortality or side-effects. There is evidence that the treatment of LADA with a drug (sulphuric acid (SU) with or without metformin) is no better than insulin alone in terms of blood sugar control (1.3% drop from the start of treatment to the end of follow-up) at three months, 12 months and 24 months of treatment, but there is no difference in fasting C-peptide levels (7.7 ng/ml lower in the SU group compared to the insulin group) at 12 months. In addition, there is an increase in the risk of becoming dependent on insulin at two years (30% in the sups compared to 5% in conventional care group) and 12.5% after 12 months in the group treated with insulin alone. One study showed that GAD65 (glutamic acid decarboxylase, a form of GAD, which is a type of enzyme, may help to maintain fasting and stimulated levels after five years. However, other treatments have not been tested in this area. There were no data on side effects.
We included 70 studies (44,958 participants) in the meta-analysis, of which 63 studies (42,784 participants) were analysed. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2016. The results of this review show that there is no evidence that social norms interventions are effective in reducing binge drinking or other misuse of alcohol in college/universities. However, there is some evidence that there may be some benefits for reducing the number of binge drinkers and the amount of alcohol they drink, but the effect sizes are too small to be of relevance for policy or practice. Moreover, the results are not consistent for all misuse measures, and heterogeneity was a problem in some of the results, which means that bias could not be ruled out as a possible cause of these findings.
We found three trials with a total of 492 adults who had received 530 THAs. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. One study (81 adults) looked at people who had had a THA for hip surgery and were assigned to either the provision of hip precautions, or not, with or without the use of any of the above. There were no incidences of hip dislocation or adverse events in either group in the first 12 months after the surgery. We are not sure if the number of people who were satisfied with the rate of recovery was greater in the group who were not prescribed post-THA equipment and restrictions compared to the group that was. Due to the very low quality of evidence, we are not certain if there was a greater chance of a hip dislocate in people who received hip precautions with or compared to those who did not. One trial (265 adults; 303 THAs) also looked at whether providing hip precautions (alone or in a group) was effective in preventing hip dislocations after hip surgery. There was no improvement in function, pain, health-related quality of life, re-operation rate or total adverse events between the groups. The study did not measure re-operations or other adverse events. One of the studies (146 adults) examined whether providing an enhanced post-HTA service to promote functional ADL after discharge from hospital improved function at six months follow-up. The quality of the evidence was very low and we were not able to draw any conclusions about the effect of such services on pain, function or re-surgery rates. There is also no evidence to support or refute the adoption of a post-hormone-based programme of functional reintegration and treatment based on functional outcomes. Further high-quality trials are needed to assess the effects of different types of treatment both in the short and longer-term for those who undergo THA. An assessment of the impact of such interventions on pain and restriction on personal ADL, EADL and instrumental ADL is needed, and also of functional integration-type interventions rather than just hip safety measures.
We found that LNG-IUDs reduce the recurrences of painful periods in women with endometriosis. There was no difference between the groups in terms of the proportion of women who were satisfied with their treatment, but this was not clear in two of the three trials. In one of the trials, there was a reduction in the recurrence of pain in the period after surgery in women who had received an IUD compared with those who had not had surgery. The number of women reporting a change in menstruation was higher in the group receiving LNG, but not in the other two groups. The trial did not report on the use of gonadotrophin-releasing hormone agonists (GnRH agonists) but this did not show a difference between groups. There is a need for further well-designed RCTs to confirm these findings.
We found 24 randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, cross-validation studies (RCTs; a type of RCT in which people are put into one of two or more groups at random) that looked at interventions to change the way in which food was placed in the food or drink of people who were asked to eat or drink. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. All of the RCTs were conducted in high-income countries, mainly in the USA (14/24) and the UK (17/24). Six of the 24 studies looked at changes to the amount of food and drink that could be given to people, and four looked at the proportion of less-healthy (to healthier) foods. Most studies (4/6) changed the order in which snack foods or drinks were placed. Three of the studies (154 people) found that people were more likely to eat fewer foods if they were exposed to fewer options, but this was based on low- or very low-certainty evidence. Three studies (150 adults) found people were less likely to choose the foods they were offered, but the certainty of this result was low. Eighteen studies (18 adults) looked at changing the distance at which a snack food or beverage was placed from the participants, and found that this was greater the further away the food was from them. One study (41 adults) also found that food placed further away from the group was more than twice as likely to be chosen as the other foods. Twelve studies (1098 adults) compared food placed close to the group with food placed far away from them, and showed that there was a greater chance that people would eat more of the food they were given, and that they would be more satisfied if they ate more of those foods. However, these results were based on very low or low certainty evidence, which means that we cannot be sure that they are true. Changing the number of available food options or the way foods were placed could lead to meaningful changes in the way that people eat, which could help improve health and well-health in the long-term. This is important, as many of us eat and drink a wide range of foods, and some of us may not be able to eat all of these foods at the same time. More research is needed in real-world settings, to find out if such changes can be made across a wider range of food - as well as alcohol and tobacco - and over a long time.
We did not find any randomised controlled trials that evaluated the use of PEP in people who had been exposed to HIV. However, we found that the risk of HIV seroconversion was low, and it was not known whether PEP was effective in the prevention of HIV infection. We found that PEP may cause some side-effects, such as bleeding on the PEP and the need to replace it, but it is not known if it is harmful. The use of occupational PEP is based on evidence from a one-year-old case-control study that showed that patients who received PEP were less likely to have HIV in their blood after four weeks than those who did not receive PEP. Therefore, PEP should be used as soon as it is known that HIV is in the blood of people who work in the workplace. More research is needed to find out if PEP can be used to treat HIV-infected people who have been in the same place at the same time.
This review found that CBT has some effects on pain, pain, mood, and mood, but not on pain or mood, when compared with other types of psychosocial treatments. CBT also has some effect on the way in which people feel about their pain and the way they cope with their pain, but this is not clear from the results of the trials. Behaviour therapy has no effect on mood but showed an effect on 'catastrophising' immediately after the end of treatment. There is a lack of data on the effect of CBT on the quality or content of the treatments. The quality of the studies has improved over time but the quality of treatments has not.
We searched for studies that had been carried out in any country for the reduction of salt in the diets of more than 260,000 adults (aged 18 years and above) who were followed up for at least six months. We looked at whether people’s salt levels in their blood were reduced from the time of the start of the study to the end of the follow-up (i.e. from pre-study to post-study). We also looked at how much salt was changed in the short and long term (over six months) and whether there were any changes in the amount of salt people eat. We found 15 studies that met our criteria. Ten of these had a total of 64,798 participants. Five of these showed a reduction in salt levels from the beginning of the trial (from 1.15 grams per day less to 0.35 grams/day less per person) and one showed a decrease in salt in people from Finland to Ireland. The other five showed no change. We were not able to tell whether people's salt levels were reduced or not in the long-term from the results of the trials. We could not tell whether there was any change in the numbers of men or women who consumed more or less salt than those who did not take part in the trial. We did not find any evidence that any of the interventions had an effect on the number of men who were overweight or obese. The quality of the evidence was very low. This was due to the risk of bias of the studies and variation in the direction and size of effect across the studies. Many of the included in this review had a high risk of systematic error (bias) and imprecision (play of chance) and were of chance, which means that their results may not reflect the truth. We rated the quality of evidence as very low for the main outcome of reduction in daily salt levels. This means that we are very uncertain about the accuracy of the results and that further research is very likely to have an impact on our conclusions.
We found only a few randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that were of high risk of bias (i.e. there was a chance of arriving at wrong conclusions because of the way the study was done). The RCTs were small and had a cross-over (cross-over) design, which means that people received one drug or the other in a random order. The drugs were amitriptyline, bromocriptine, clonidine, propranolol, levodopa, l-tryptophan and tryptophan. All of these drugs were used to treat sleep bruxism. We were not able to tell whether any of the drugs were better or worse than the other drugs in terms of reducing the amount of movement of the affected arm or leg or the number of episodes of bone-crunching noise. However, results were imprecise and we could not rule out that some drugs may be better than others. The use of a preventive medicine (medicines that can be taken in the first few hours after the start of treatment) may have been the best way to avoid any side-effects from the drugs. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. More well-designed studies are needed.
We found 10 studies with a total of 1015 adults with ARDS who had been in the ICU for at least 24 hours. All participants were adults who had ARDS and had been on a ventilator for more than 48 hours. We found that the use of omega-3 fatty acids and/or antioxidants in the form of supplements did not reduce the risk of death from any cause. We are not sure whether immunonutrition reduces the length of time spent on ventilators or in ICUs, or the amount of oxygen in the blood, due to the very low quality of evidence. However, we are also uncertain whether the addition of these fatty acids to the diet increases side effects such as heart, gut, and gut upset. We assessed some of the studies as being at high risk of bias due to flaws in the way they were done. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2018.
We found 33 randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, cross-over studies that looked at whether any of these methods could be used to assess whether the AEs were related to the drug being assessed. The methods used varied greatly, and we could not tell whether one method was better than any of the others. However, we did find that more specific questioning led to more AEs being found when compared to a more general question method. There was a risk that more severe, bothersome, or important AEs may not have been found when an initial open question was used, while some less severe, no more than mild, or no worse than mild AEs might only be found with a follow-up question. This could lead to patients not knowing which method they had been asked, which could make it more likely that they would not have known which method had been used. We also found that there was a greater risk of under-detection of AEs when the question method was used compared to the other methods. This may lead to people not being able to tell whether they had received the drug they were asked about.
We identified 582 records from the databases and we found 10 more records by searching other resources (handsearching). We found that people who shared a bedroom with a supervising person shared the same bedroom or when special precautions, such as a listening device, were used, had a lower risk of developing SUDEP compared to those who did not share the same bed. We found 15 studies, but eight of these did not assess interventions to prevent SUDEP, five of which assessed devices to detect GTCS but did not directly measure SUDEP; and two of which looked at risk factors for SUDEP but not interventions for preventing SUDEP. One of these was at a high risk of bias, which means that we cannot be sure that their results are valid. We included one case-control study of 154 people with epilepsy who developed SUDEP and 616 controls in this review. This study found that the risk of SUDEP was lower in people who had nocturnal supervision and in those who had shared a bed. This effect was found when the supervision took place at night. The number of non-SUDEP deaths; changes to anxiety, depression, and quality of life; and the number of hospital visits were not reported. We assessed the quality of the evidence to be very low. Further research is needed to assess the effectiveness of other treatments, for example, seizure detection devices, safety pillows, SSRIs, antiepileptic drugs, early surgery, educational programmes, and opiate and adenosine antagonists.
We found a total of 208 adults with cystic fibrosis aged from seven to 63 years of age who had been in the study. The age of people in the studies ranged from 17 to 75 years and the length of time they were in the trials ranged from four days to over two years. Six of the studies enrolled people who were stable and the other six were of a cross-over design, which means that people received one treatment and then received the other treatment in a random order. All studies compared autogenic drainage to one (or more) other recognised airway clearance technique. There were no differences found between any of the techniques used with respect to the outcomes measured. One study reported on adverse events and described a decrease in the amount of oxygen in the blood whilst performing an 'active cycle' of breathing, which was not seen with autogenic drain drainage. Six studies used forced expiratory volume in one second, which is a measure of lung function, as an outcome and six studies used sputum weight (sputum is how much air escapes from the lungs when the airway is cleared). None of the other outcomes used by the studies were measured. There was no evidence that any technique was better than any other. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. The main reasons for this were the lack of blinding of those who were assessed and those who did not take part in the trial. There is a need for more research in this area.
Twenty-five studies (1305 participants) were included in the review, of which 22 of these studies (1060 participants) contributed data to meta-analyses. The evidence is up to date as of March 2013. Psychological therapy based on CBT was found to be effective in the short-term treatment of people with GAD, and to be more than twice as good as other types of psychosocial therapy. The body of evidence comparing CBT with other psychological therapy is too weak to draw conclusions about which type of therapy is best for the treatment of GAD.
We found 12 trials (1,856 women) comparing progestogen with placebo or no treatment. The trials were a mix of trials from India, Jordan, UK, USA and Jordan. In five of the trials women had had three or more consecutive miscarriages and in the other trials, in seven trials, women had suffered at least one of two or more miscarriages. The evidence is up to date as of March 2017. The review found that there may be a reduction in the number of miscarriages for women who have had a few miscarriages in the past, but we are not sure about the effect on the rate of preterm birth or low birthweight because of the very low quality of the evidence. There may be no difference in the risk of neonatal death or stillbirth between the groups. None of the studies reported on any of the other outcomes that are important for women and their babies, such as the severity of morning sickness, thromboembolic events, depression, admission to a special care unit, or fertility. The quality of evidence was moderate for live birth rate and very low for other outcomes. The studies were at low risk of bias for most of the outcomes.
We found 14 randomised, double-blind, quasi-randomised, placebo-controlled, and quasi-analgesia (RCTs) studies with a total of 1298 participants. Nine RCTs (704 participants) looked at the use of a psychosocial intervention to reduce pre-term birth rates (births before 37 weeks of pregnancy), or low birth weight (weight less than or equal to less than 1500 g at birth), or both. Five studies (594 participants) compared an intervention to help women to stop using drugs compared to a control group. We did not find any studies that looked at other types of treatment. For the most part, it was not clear if studies had been done well enough to make sure that participants and staff were not aware of which treatment group they were in. We assessed risk of bias in the studies and found that there was a high risk of systematic error in the way that the studies were done. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. The evidence suggests that there is no difference between the groups in terms of preterm birth, low birthweight, or number of days spent in hospital after birth. There was no difference in the number of women who were able to stop drug use at the end of treatment in any group compared to the group in which no treatment was used. The results held for both the CM and MIB groups. However, the results did show that neonates spent less time in hospital for a few days after birth in the CM groups compared to those in the MIB group. Overall, the quality of evidence was moderate to low.
We found 31 studies (44 reports) including 27,071 participants. The risk of bias in the studies was low or very low for many aspects. Compared to the transfemoral approach, the transradial approach reduced short-term net adverse events (i.e. adverse events that occur when a blood clot is left in the artery and does not break free and travel to the heart) and the risk of death from any cause (e.g. heart attack, myocardial infarction, stroke, or angina plexus) in the short term (up to 30 days of follow-up). There was no difference between the groups in the number of people who had a heart attack in the first week after the surgery. However, there was a similar risk of heart attack between both groups (19,430 patients in 11 trials). Transradial method had a lower risk of all-cause deaths (18,955 patients in 10 trials), bleeding (23,043 patients in 20 trials), and access site complications (16,112 patients in 24 trials). The quality of evidence was moderate to high for all outcomes. There is not enough evidence to draw any conclusions about the long-term effect of this method.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at the effectiveness of palliative care for people with dementia. We did not pool data due to differences between the interventions and the settings in which the RCTs were carried out. One RCT (99 participants) looked at the effect of a paletriative care team (a group of carers who work with the carers of patients to help them think about what is best for them) for adults with dementia who had been in hospital for an acute illness. The team helped patients to make decisions about their own care, such as whether or not to have a cardiopulmonary resuscitation (a resuscitation machine that helps the heart to pump blood around the body) when they are in hospital. The plan for the care was developed for all patients in the group that had a palletriate care team, but for only one patient in the control group. The palliate care plan was more likely to be developed for people in the intervention group, but the plan was only used for one person in the other group while they were in the care home. We found no difference in the risk of death in hospital, in the number of people who had to be resuscitated in hospital or in the quality of the care they received during their time in the hospital. However, for the latter, event rates were low and the results were associated with a lot of risk of bias, which means that we are not sure about the results. The other RCT looked at a group of nursing home residents who were asked to make a decision about whether they wanted to eat or not for their own end-of-life meal in a nursing home. In this group, the decision was made for them by a nurse or nurse's carer. The decision was then made on their own. The nurse or carer then gave the decision to the residents in the nursing home based on a method called a 'decision aid' (which is a piece of paper with a chart that looks at how well the decision made was made). The decision aid was compared with a control group that did not have the same decision aid. The intervention group in this study had a decision aid that was a member of the staff who looked after the patients and did not make any decisions for the patients. The control group had a nurse who did this for them. We reran the search in March 2017 and found that we had not found any new studies. There are six studies that we plan to include in the next version of this review. The fact that there are six ongoing studies at the time of this update indicates an increased interest in this area by researchers, which is and is a good sign that more high quality work is being done in this field.
This review of three well-conducted randomised trials (1166 women) found that there was no difference in local recurrence-free survival (time to death from breast cancer) or survival for women with breast cancer who had their tumour treated with RT compared with those who had CT before RT. However, there was an increased risk of neutropenic sepsis in the RT group compared with the CT group, but other adverse events did not change the risk of death or tumour recurrence. There is a need for further research in this area.
We found nine RCTs with a total of 622 adults who were either overweight or obese. The studies were of short- to medium-term follow up (up to 24 weeks) and compared CrP plus resistance or weight training with a placebo (a substance that looks and tastes the same as CrP but has no effects) or CrP alone (placebo). We found no firm evidence that CrP is better than placebo for weight loss, body weight, body mass index (BMI; a measure of body fat, which is often used to measure body fat and is a sign of how fat a body is based on weight and height), or any other measure of weight loss. We did not find evidence that any dose of CrP was better than any other in terms of body weight or BMI, but we did find that some CrP doses may be better than others for body weight. Only three of the nine studies reported on adverse events, and we found that there were three serious adverse events in the 1000 µg CrP group and one serious adverse event in the 200 µg group. One of the people who took placebo dropped out of the study due to adverse events and one of the 400 µg and 500 µg groups stopped taking CrP due to side effects. No study reported on death from any cause, morbidity, health-related quality of life or socioeconomic effects. We concluded that there is no evidence to make firm decisions about the effectiveness and safety of adding CrP to the diet of adults who are obese or overweight.
We found 11 studies with a total of 886 participants that looked at a range of antiseptic/antibiotic/anti-bacterial treatments for wound healing after surgery. Most of these were small and some did not report information that could be used in a way that could help us to make conclusions about how well the treatments worked. There was also a lack of information about how the treatments compared with each other in terms of the length of time it took for the wound to heal and the risk of wound infection. Where some results were found, it was based on only a few studies with small numbers of people. This means it is likely or very likely that further research will have an effect on our confidence in the results, and may change these.
We found five randomised studies with a total of 1049 women. The review found no clear evidence of benefit for any of the five techniques compared with each other in either amniocentesis or CVS. The quality of evidence was not high enough to change current practice. In the absence of evidence, operators should continue to use methods and technique modifications with which they are most used.
We found 10 randomised and non-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and one non-RCT that compared wheat flour fortified with folic acid and other micronutrients to unfortified flour. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2018. The included RCTs were conducted in upper- and lower-middle-income countries (e.g. China, Mexico, South Africa, and Bangladesh), and one study was from a low- and high-income country (Bangladesh). The non-rCTs included women and children from all over the world, and the interrupted time series (ITS) was a type of study in which participants were followed up for at least one year after the start of the study. The ITS was a group of adults and children who received either wheat flour or maize flour or both. The results showed that women who consumed wheat flour added to maize porridge were more likely to have higher serum folate and erythrocyte folate, and higher plasma folate. There was no difference in haemoglobin or anaemia (low levels of red blood cells in the blood) or in the risk of anencephaly or spina bifida between the groups. None of the non-certainty evidence showed that there was a benefit or harm in terms of the occurrence of brain or spinal cord defects. The certainty of the evidence was very low or low. The quality of evidence was low or very low for all of the main outcomes. This was due to problems with the way the studies were done, the lack of precision in the results, and imprecision in the findings.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of newborns born with cystic fibrotic lung disease who were screened for CF. We found only one RCT with a maximum of 17 years of follow-up. This included 210 newborns with CF. At age seven, 88% of screened and 75% of controls had lung function parameters that were within the range of at least 89% of what could be expected. Severe malnourished infants were less common in the screened group. Over time, chest X-rays showed that people with CF who had been screened were more likely to have low-back pain, low blood pressure, low heart rate and low oxygen levels in the blood, and to have a low white blood cell count. This may be due to the presence of Pseudomonas aeruginosa (a bacterium that colonised the blood in the lungs in some of the screened children) in the first few months of life. In the group not screened, the risk of low blood cell counts was similar to those in the non-screened group. The risk of death from any cause was similar in screened and non-scheduled groups. Screening seems to be safe and cost-effective.
We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 7314 people with a mean follow-up of 4.5 years. Only one of the RCTs (ACCORD) compared 'lower' < 120 mmHg or'standard' < 140 mmHG systolic blood pressure targets in 4734 people. The other four trials (ABCD-H, ABCD-N, ABD-2V, and a subgroup of HOT) looked at targets for diastolic blood blood pressure (DBP) in adults with high blood pressure and diabetes. The DBP target was either lower than or equal to the standard blood pressure target. The number of deaths in the group with lower blood pressure was 1.1% and the risk of stroke was 1%. The risk of death from any cause was 2.0% in the DBP group. There was no difference between the groups in terms of stroke, heart attack, myocardial infarction or congestive heart failure, but there was a trend to lower non-cardiac deaths in people with DBP targets. People with higher blood pressure were more at risk of having a stroke and had to use more drugs to lower their blood pressure. There were no reports of end-stage renal failure or other serious adverse events in any of the trials. The quality of evidence was low or very low, mainly due to a high risk of bias in the design of the studies.
This review found that non-removable casts are more likely to heal plantar foot ulcers than casts, or casts and dressages alone. Achilles tendon lengthening combined with a non-reactive cast resulted in significantly more healed ulcers at 7 months in one study. More ulcers remained healed at two years in this group. Other comparisons included surgery to remove the ulcer, surgical debridement of ulcers, felt fitted to the foot; felted foam dressings and none of these showed a benefit in favour of any of these.
We found five RCTs (involving 235 women with breast cancer who had received breast cancer surgery for any type of cancer. All five studies had a high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way that the study was run and the way in which the results were analysed) and were of low or very low quality. Two of the studies (95 participants) showed that patients who received a form of training called 'compensatory strategy training' had a greater effect on their physical well-being than those who did not receive this type of training. Two trials (95 people) also showed that people who received this form of therapy had a higher mental well-ness than people who were on a wait-list for treatment. One study (19 people) showed improvement in quality of life for those who had a training in exercise and one study (47 adults) showed an improvement in self-assessed cognitive function. We assessed the quality of evidence from the studies using GRADE for both physical and mental health outcomes and this evidence was rated to be low quality and, findings should be viewed with caution. There is a need to conduct more research in other cancer groups other than cancer patients, for example, people with other types of cancer, and people who have not had breast cancer.
We found six randomised controlled trials, all from the 1970s, with a total of 343 people with schizophrenia or schizoaffromia. All of the trials compared chlorpromazine with piperacetazine. We found no clear difference between the two drugs in terms of effectiveness, but data were based on very small numbers of patients and the quality of the evidence was very low. Chlorpromazine was no better or worse than Piperacetazine with regards to global state improvement, but there was no difference in side effects. In both drugs, around 60% of people in both groups had at least one side effect, with around 40% of those in the pipipipiracetazine group having some type of movement disorder. No difference was found between the drugs in the numbers of people who dropped out of the study for any reason. The quality of evidence was poor and we were not able to draw any firm conclusions from such data. More high quality research is needed.
This review found that colorectal stents are as safe and as safe as the emergency surgery in the malignant coloreCTal obstruction as there was no difference in the risk of death or complication between the groups. The use of a stent was more likely to be successful in emergency surgery than in the colonic stent group. The average time from the time of stent insertion to clinical relief of obstruction was 0.66 day in the stent-based group and was 3.55 days in the other group. There was no improvement in the number of people who died within 30 days of surgery in both groups, 2.3% and 5.88%. The stent related perforation rate was 5.8%, stent migration rate was 2.13% and stent blockage rate was 1.13%. The complication rate was 39.22% in the colic group and 45.71% in that group in both emergency surgery. The mean length of time spent in hospital was 11.53 days in hospital in the group with stent and was 17.15 days after the operation in the others. The procedure/operation time was 113.93 and 143.85 hours in the two groups. Blood loss was 50 ml in one group and 350 ml in the second group.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) (1867 women) comparing human albumin, HES or HES, or mannitol, or both, with placebo or no treatment for prevention of OHSS in women at high risk for OHSS. The evidence was of very low quality for all comparisons. The main limitations were imprecision, poor reporting of the methods used in the trials, and a lack of data on live birth rates. We found that the use of HES and HES had a beneficial effect on OHSS, but not on pregnancy rates. This means that if the rate of moderate or severe OHSS with no treatment is 12%, it will be about 9% (6% to 12%) with the use HES. However, there was evidence of a detrimental effect on the chance of pregnancy rates of about 32% (27% to 38%) with use of albumin. There was no evidence of an improvement in OHSS rates with either HES (two RCTs), or of any influence on the number of births (one RCT) with either of these drugs. The results were based on very few trials, which need to be confirmed in large, well-designed trials before they can be considered for routine use in clinical practice. Adverse events appeared to be uncommon, but were too poor to reach any firm conclusions, and there were no reports of live births.
We found 10 studies involving 484 adults with telangiectasias of the lower limbs of the limbs. The evidence is up-to-date as of February 2013. There was no evidence that any one sclerosant was better than any other for any of the treatments, but there was some evidence that sclerotherapy was superior to placebo (sclerotherapy is a treatment in which a substance is injected into the muscle to treat the sclerosis). There was not enough evidence to say whether patients were more or less satisfied with any one treatment than the others. However, there was evidence that some drugs were more likely to cause side effects than others, and that hypertonic saline was more painful than other types of saline. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate.
We included a total of seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 241 adults (aged 18 years or over) with a mean age of over 60 years. The RCTs evaluated the use of drugs to treat hyperkalaemia in adults. No study evaluated the effects of drugs on death or heart arrhythmias, but there is evidence that several drugs can reduce the levels of potassium in the blood. Salbutamol via any route and insulin-dextrose appear to be the drugs that reduce the amount of blood potassium in patients. There is not enough evidence to recommend any of the other drugs that have been studied. The effectiveness of other drugs such as bicarbonate and aminophylline has not been assessed in any RCT. None of the studies looked at the effect of IV calcium or potassium binding resins.
We included 39 randomised, quasi-randomised, and quasi-involving studies, enrolling 4216 adults and children with HD, aged 18 years of age and above, who had a CVC for HD. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. Antibiotic lock solutions (antibiotic and non-antibiotics) are used to seal the CVC to prevent blood clots in the artery and prevent the formation of clots that can lead to a blood clot. We found that the risk of developing a blood clot was reduced for all antimicrobial lock solutions. The risk of thrombosis (blood clot in the vein) was not reduced for any of the three types of lock solutions compared to control solutions. However, we found that for tunnelled CVCs (in which the vein is in a tunnel, rather than a tunneled hole in the heart) and for non-tunnelled catheters (in where the vein does not reach the vein wall) there was no difference between the two types of solutions. We also found that there was little or no difference in the number of patients who developed a clot between those who used the combination of both types of solution and those who did not. The overall risk of bias was low or very low in most of the studies. The quality of the evidence was low to very low for all of the outcomes. Therefore, we were not able to draw conclusions about the effectiveness and safety of the use of antimicrobiotics in HD.
We found 15 RCTs (1098 adults and children) that compared pre-emptive therapy to prevent CMV disease in people who had received a transplanted heart or lung or other organs. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2015. Pre-emptives were compared with placebo (pretend treatment) or standard care (no treatment). The risk of developing CMV-caused disease was reduced by half in those who received pre-etched treatment. There was no difference in the risk of dying from any cause (all-cause death or any cause other than CMV) or of having an adverse event (graft loss or acute rejection). Pre-etchive therapy was not more or less likely to cause leucopenia (scarring of the white blood cells) than prophylactics. Other adverse events did not differ significantly or were not reported. There were no differences in the risks of all-cause deaths, graft loss, acute rejection and other types of CMV infection. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found three RCTs with a total of 140 adults (aged 18 years and over) who had type 2 diabetes mellitus. All three studies were performed by the same trialist. All trials compared the effect of sweet potato preparations with placebo on glycaemic control in type 2 diabetics. The mean age of participants ranged from 18 to 65 years and the mean duration of follow-up ranged from six weeks to five months. The trials showed that the glycosylated haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) was reduced by 0.3% with 4 g/day sweet potato compared to placebo. There were no reports of any serious adverse events or deaths from any cause. There was no evidence about the use of sweet potatoes for the management of type 2 dengue fever in adults. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found 19 studies with a total of 439 adults with cystic fibrotic lung disease. The age of the adults ranged from six to 63 years. Most of the studies were of short-term use (one to three years), which means that we were not able to assess the effects of the treatment on quality of life, lung function, sputum weight, or oxygen levels. However, there were two long-term studies with follow up of one to 10 years. The studies compared the active cycle of breathing technique with autogenic drainage, airway oscillation devices, high frequency chest compression devices, and conventional chest physiotherapies. There was no difference in lung function or in the number of pulmonary exacerbations (flare up of lung airways) between the treatment groups. People’s preference for the treatments also varied: more people preferred autogenical drainage over the active breathing technique; more people were able to breathe out through the airways with the use of an oscillator device to open up the airway, and more were more likely to be able to use high-frequence chest compression. There is not enough evidence to support or reject use of the 'active cycle of breath' over any other airway-clearing therapy. Longer-term, well-designed, and well-conducted studies are needed to more accurately assess the effect of the breathing technique.
We found eight RCTs with 733 women in total that compared brief co-incubation of sperm and oocytes with standard insemination. The evidence is up to date as of March 2016. The review found that brief coubation may be better than overnight insemination for the rate of ongoing pregnancy and the chance of a live birth. The chance of miscarriage did not seem to be different in the short-term (less than 24 hours) and longer term (more than 48 hours) groups. The risk of miscarriage was no greater in the brief-term group than in the overnight group. There were no reports of live birth or miscarriage in any of the trials.
This review found that infants born ventilated with a long IT had a greater risk of air leak and death than those born with a short IT. There was no difference in the risk of developing bronchopulmonary dysplasia (bronchodilator-pulmonary palsy (BPD), which is a lung condition in which the lungs do not close in the first few days of life. The risk of death was higher in the newborns born ventilated with a longer IT.
We found 33 randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, cross-over studies (RCTs) comparing TFU with no TFU in 5110 adults and children with a range of health problems. There is a large variety in the ways the TFU was carried out (the health professionals who did the intervention, the type of TFU, the way it was done, the types of patients, the length of time it was performed, etc.). Many different outcomes have been measured, but only a few were measured across more than one study. Overall, TFU has been applied in many patient groups. No adverse effects were found in any of the studies. However, although some studies find that the intervention had favourable effects for some outcomes, overall the results show that TFU is no more or less effective than those of a control group.
We found 38 randomised, double-blind, quasi-randomised and quasi-blinded trials that evaluated six broad types of strategies to improve the number of people who returned to a trial. These were: (1) incentives (e.g. money) and offers of money; (2) incentives other than money; and (3) a new type of questionnaire format, such as a form of questionnaires or electronic questionnaires, or a new form of questionnaire, or both; (4) a telephone survey; or (5) a non-monetary incentive; (6) a combination of money and other incentives; (7) a 'package' of letters and/or reminders; (8) an open trial; (9) a trial with a blind trial design; (10) a group of patients who were not in the trial, but were in a group who were in the control group; (11) a cross-over study; (12) a study with a 'blind' or 'double-blind' trial design that allowed people to know which treatment group they were in; (13) a randomised trial that was not blinded; (14) a placebo-based study that was run in a hospital; (15) a controlled trial that did not use a placebo; (16) a large, well-conducted trial that had a blind design that had no patients in it; (17); and (18) a small, low-cost trial that used a gold-plated electronic test kit that was free of charge. We found that people who were offered money or other than cash for the return of a questionnaire were more than twice as likely to come back as people who received no money or were not asked to do so. There was no clear difference in the amount of time that people took to complete the questionnaire or the length of time it took them to complete it. People who were given money or offered money were more likely to return to the study than those who received nothing or received only a questionnaire or a questionnaire with a test kit. However, there was no evidence that people were more or less likely to do this if they were offered a cash or non-money incentive. People were more and more satisfied when they were asked to take part in a trial by telephone or by e-mail or by post. People also seemed to respond more to the use of shorter questionnaires and those who were asked about their health condition by telephone. There were no clear differences in the numbers of letters or e-mails that were returned or not in terms of how many people returned to the trial or how long they were there. There is a need for more research in this area. It would depend on the type of trial, population, disease area and the way in which participants were followed up.
We found eight RCTs that compared the pLMA with the Classic laryngeal mask airway in a total of 829 adults who had had a larynx airway airway placed in their windpipe. We did not find any differences between the devices in terms of failure to ventilate (ventilate the airway) or oxygenation (oxygenation of the airways) or any of the other outcomes that we were able to assess. We found that more time was taken for the laryngoid airway to open and close when using the PLMA compared with the cLMA. However, the LMA made a better seal than the Classic airway, and therefore may be more suitable than the CLMA for ventilating the windpipe, but there were too few events to be sure of this. There was no difference in the number of patients who had a nosebleed, or in the amount of time it took for the ventilator to reach the patient's airway. None of the studies reported post-surgery nausea and vomiting as an outcome. We are not sure about the effects of either of the devices because there were very few events. The quality of evidence for all outcomes, as assessed by a GRADE score, is low, mainly due to issues related to blinding and imprecision. Data show no differences between devices with regard to failure to insert the device, use of an alternate device, mucosal injury, sore throat, bronchospasm, gastric insufflation, regurgitation, coughing, and excessive leak. Results were not clear for several of the outcomes. Evidence is up to date as of March 2017.
We found 19 RCTs with a total of 1453 children aged from four to 18 years from eight studies from eight countries. All of the studies had a duration of one to five months. Fourteen of the trials were of probiotics, four of which were of fibre-based interventions, and one of which was of low FODMAP (fermentable oligosaccharide, disaccharides, monosacchides and polyols) diets. We found that probiotics were more than twice as likely to reduce the number of times a day that children had pain in the short term (from zero to three months after the start of the trial) and the same amount of pain at three to six months after treatment. We also found that there was a greater reduction in pain in children who received probiotics than in those who did not receive probiotics. We were not able to perform any meta-analysis (combining of results) of the results due to differences in the way the studies were designed and performed. However, we found probiotics to be more than three times more likely to improve children's pain at the same time point compared to those who received a fake medicine (placebo). We judged the quality of evidence for these results to be of low quality due to imprecision, risk of bias, and differences between the studies. There was also no improvement in pain intensity in the probiotics group compared to the group that did not take part in the trial. We did not find any improvement in school performance, quality of life, and we were unable to do a meta-analyse for the other outcomes that we had planned to look at. The quality of the included in this review ranged from moderate to low.
We found 22 randomised and quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 4490 people. All were from the USA, and most were from low- and middle- and low-income countries. Most of the studies had a high risk of bias (i.e. there was a chance of arriving at wrong conclusions because of the way that the study was done). The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2015. The review found that mass media interventions may have a small to medium effect in decreasing prejudice, and are equivalent to reducing the level of prejudice from that of schizophrenia to that of depression. However, there is not yet evidence to show that they have an effect on other types of bias, or that they cause harm. The quality of the evidence was low to very low for all of the main outcomes, which means that we are very uncertain about the effects of mass media. More research is needed to find out which types of mass interventions work best, which are most cost-effective, and to fill in the gaps left by the lack of research in this area.
We found 85 randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, cross-examined studies that took place in 41 countries, including eight high-income, 18 middle-income and 15 low-income countries, in rural, urban and semi-urban settings. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. Forty-six of the 85 included healthy pregnant or postnatal women, 17 of the 22 included healthcare providers, and 22 of the 52 included the views of both women and healthcare providers. We found that for women, whether they use ANC or not depends on their experience of ANC when they use it for the first time. Whether they continue to use ANC and whether they are happy with the way it was designed and provided also depends on whether they have a good-quality, relationship-based, localised, and safe experience of it when they first use it. Women’s perceptions of the value of ANC depend on their beliefs about pregnancy as a healthy or a risky state, and on their reaction to being pregnant, as well as on local socio-cultural norms relating to the advantages or otherwise of antenatal care for healthy pregnancies, and for those with complications. Whether healthcare providers are able to provide the kind of high-good quality, personalised, care that is likely to be good for women and that gives them the time and resources they need to do their job well, depends on the availability of staff, resources and staff, and the time that they can give. Such staff need to take the time to be kind, caring, and to be sensitive to the needs of the woman and her baby. They need to be able to recognise and respond to complications when they arise. They also need to have the skills and the skills to identify and deal with problems that may arise during the course of the pregnancy and the birth, and who can help them to cope with them when they do arise. This review has identified key barriers and facilitators to uptake (or not) of ANC by pregnant women, and in the use of good-good-quality ANC by women and their families/communities. It has also found that some of the ways in which some types of ANC may or may not be acceptable, accessible, or valued by some of them. Those providing and funding the services should consider the three thematic domains identified by the review as a basis for service development and improvement. Such developments should include pregnant and postnatal women, community members and other relevant stakeholders.
Sixteen trials, involving 3361 patients, were included in the review; three of the studies were of magnesium sulphate in addition to nimodipine. Overall, patients with aneurysmal SAH treated with these drugs were less likely to have a 'poor outcome' (i.e. bleeding in the brain) and were less at risk of developing secondary ischaemia (blood in the legs or feet) than those who were not treated with the drugs. The risk of death from any cause was less than half that of those who received the drugs, but this result is based on only one large, well-designed, and well-conducted trial. For other drugs, intravenous or intramuscularly, the results were not clear and the risk of a case fatality was lower than for the drugs taken by mouth. Intravenous administration of these drugs should not be done on the basis of the evidence. Magnesium sulphate is a promising agent but more evidence is needed before definite conclusions can be drawn.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 739 patients. All three RCTs used a cut-off date of one year for pre-treatment risk stratification. We found that myeloablative therapy seems to improve survival in children with high-risk neuroblastoma in terms of event-free survival (time to death from any type of brain tumour, but not from any form of cancer). However, when we looked at the results after a long-term follow-up (more than three years) we did not find any difference between the treatment groups for this outcome. There was no difference in the number of children who died from any cause after the end of treatment, but overall survival was no greater than that of those who did not receive any further treatment. We could not draw any conclusions about the risk of side-effects or quality of life due to the lack of information in the studies. It should be noted that the age cut-point for high risk disease was changed from one year to 18 months. As a result it is possible that patients with what is now classified as intermediate-risk disease have been included in the high- risk groups. Therefore the relevance of the results of these studies to the current practice can be questioned. The evidence is up to date as of July 2013.
We found eight randomised trials (632 participants) comparing TACE followed by 3-DCRT with TACE alone. The age of participants ranged from 16 years to 78 years. The mean age of men ranged from 60% to 75% and the percentage of people with unresectable hepatocellular carcinoma ranged from 22% to 85%. The average follow-up duration was 12 months (2 months to 38 months). All eight trials were at high risk of bias, and we rated the quality of the evidence as low to very low. We found that people who had TACE or TACE combined with TCRT may be less likely to die from any cause at three years after the end of treatment. They may also be more likely to have their tumour shrinkage and shrinkage, and they may have a lower risk of developing a new tumour. However, the risk of adverse events such as leukopenia (low white blood cells) and serum transaminases (transaminases are proteins that increase the amount of bilirubin in the blood) was similar in the TACE and TACE groups. The risk of serious adverse events was not reported in any of the trials. We are very uncertain about the effect of TACE on health-related quality of life because of the lack of data and the small size of the studies. We also have very low-to-very low-certainty certainty in the results of the non-serious adverse events. The quality of evidence was very low to low because of methodological flaws in the included trials. More high-quality, well-designed and well-conducted trials are needed to assess further the role of T ACE or TAC.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of increasing energy intake in preterm infants with CLD/BPD. We did not find any RCTs that were of high quality. However, we did find one study that showed that preterm babies who were fed a high amount of protein and minerals (parenteral nutrition) who were followed up for three months after the start of the intervention had improved growth. The other study showed that there was no difference between the groups in terms of growth, lung and airway growth, or in the need for diuretic (diuretic) treatment. We are not able to draw any conclusions from these results as no randomised trials have been found that have looked at this topic. More research is needed to find out the best way of increasing the amount of energy given to preterm preterm and preterm newborns with Clostridium difficile and bronchopulmonary dysplasia or bronchiolitis.
We found 13 randomised, double-blind, quasi-randomised and quasi-trials (studies in which a group of participants is assigned to one of two or more treatment groups using a method based on a method similar to the toss of a coin) involving a total of 2341 patients. Most of the trials had a high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way that the studies were done) and there was some risk of play of chance (play of chance). For the subclavian vein, we found that the risk of an arterial puncture (three trials, 498 patients) and of a haematoma (a tumour of the artery that drains blood) was reduced by the use of Doppler ultrasound. For the femoral vein, no evidence was found of a difference in risk of a puncture or other complications. However, success on the first attempt was more likely with ultrasound, and a small increase in the overall success rate was noted. No data on death or other adverse events were reported. The quality of evidence was very low or low for most of the outcomes, moderate for one outcome (femoral vein) and high at best for the other outcomes. The evidence is up to date as of July 2013.
We found 15 randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, and controlled-release studies of the use of physostigmine for the symptomatic treatment of Alzheimer's disease in adults. The evidence is up to date as of March 2013. The results show that the best dose of the oral form of the drug is 12 mg/day, and that the lower dose (5.7mg/day) is better than the usual dose (33 mg) for people with Alzheimer's with a short half-life of six months. There was no difference between the two doses of the same dose in terms of the effect on cognition (cognition) at 24 weeks. However, there was a high rate of withdrawal from the trial due to adverse events in the control group at 12 weeks and a higher rate in the fixed dose group at 36 weeks. When no attempt was made to assess the effect of the different forms of the medication on cognition, a fixed dose of 33 mg per day was found to be better than a lower dose of 5.7 mg, but there was no improvement on the ADAS-Cog score (which is a tool that rates the effects of a drug on the way a person’s brain works) at six weeks. The fixed dose (mean 33 mg) was associated with a higher number of people withdrawing from the study due to side effects and suffering at least one event of nausea, vomiting, diarrhoea, anorexia, dizziness, stomach pain, tremor, asthenia, dyspepsia, sweating, dyspnoea or abnormal dreams. The higher dose (12 mg) caused more side effects than the placebo group. One study used a verum skin patch, which caused more people to suffer from stomach pain and cramps than placebo.
We found 13 randomised, double-blind, quasi-randomised, and quasi-blinded trials of fibrates in a total of 16,112 participants. Eleven of the 13 trials were conducted in people with a history of coronary heart disease (heart or blood vessel disease), and the other trials were in people who had had a stroke or other heart-disease-caused heart attack or stroke. The fibrate drugs tested were clofibrate, a drug that is used to prevent clots in the blood vessels of the heart and is known to cause clots that can lead to stroke, heart attack, or death. The evidence is up to date as of March 2016. The review showed that fibres can prevent the occurrence of a heart attack. The risk of death from any cause was not increased with fibrus compared to placebo. There was no increase in the risk of stroke or heart-stroke. The number of deaths due to any cause or any cause other than heart disease or stroke was not decreased by the treatment. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high. The main limitation of the review was that we did not have enough information to be sure that the results were not influenced by chance (i.e. there was a chance of arriving at the wrong estimate of the true effect of the drug by chance) and that we could not rule out the presence of bias (ie, play of chance).
We found 12 trials involving 3285 healthy women at low risk of excessive blood loss after elective CS (nine trials, 2453 women) or spontaneous birth (three trials, 832 women) that looked at the use of uterotonics (drugs taken by mouth in addition to the uterotonic drugs) compared with placebo or no treatment. We found that uterotonic drugs decreased blood loss greater than 400 mL or 500 mL and more than 1000 mL in women who had had CS but not birth by caesarean birth. The risk of bleeding greater than 500 mL or 400 mL was greater in the group of women having vaginal birth than in those who had CS. Mean blood loss (from the time of birth up to one hour after birth) was lower in the women who received TA compared with women who did not have TA (five trials, 1186 women) and this was the same after birth and CS (five and six trials, 2093 women). There was no difference in the risk of blood loss or need for blood transfusions between the groups. Mild side effects such as nausea, vomiting, dizziness and dizziness were more common with use of TA. There is not enough evidence to draw conclusions about serious side effects, but there is an increase in the incidence of minor side effects with the use. The effect of TA on the number of thromboembolic events (blood clots in the blood) and deaths is not known. The quality of evidence was low to moderate.
We found 12 studies (2494 participants: 1586 children and 908 adults) comparing amantadine and rimantadines with placebo, paracetamol or zanamivir to treat influenza A in children and adults. The risk of influenza A was 10 per 100 people in the placebo group and one per 100 in the rimantine group. This means that 10 out of 100 people would be at risk of flu in either group if they were not given the drug. The number of people who would get flu if they took the drug was 17 per 100 and the risk of getting flu in the other group would be 7 per 100. There was no difference between the groups in terms of the number of patients who had a fever by the third day of treatment in the children. We found no evidence of side effects caused by the drugs. The quality of the evidence was low and the safety of the drugs was not well known. The results do not indicate that amantdine and rituximabine compared to control (placebo or a painkiller) could be useful in preventing, treating and shortening the length of time spent with flu in both children and the elderly.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1512 women in this Cochrane review. Most of these women were women who had not been able to get pregnant in the past. In seven of the RCTs the women were undergoing intrauterine insemination (IUI) and in the other two studies the participants were trying to conceive from sex. Eight of the trials compared endometric surgery to no surgery or to a sham surgery (placebo surgery) and one of these two trials also compared an IUI cycle in which the surgery was done in the cycle prior to IUI with one in which it was done during the IUI. We are uncertain whether endometrial injury improves live birth/ongoing pregnancy rates as the quality of the evidence has been assessed as very low. When we compared hysteroscopy with endometral surgery there was no evidence of a difference in ongoing pregnancy rate or in the number of women who were still in the womb when the endometriostomy was compared to hysteroscopical surgery alone. The quality of evidence was low or very low for all of the outcomes. The main reasons for this were that most of the studies were at a high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way they were done) and had an overall low level of precision (there was a chance of arriving at the wrong conclusion by chance alone). When we restricted our analysis to only low-risk-of-bias (where there is a possibility of making the wrong conclusions by chance) studies the effect was imprecise and the evidence remained of very low quality. It is not clear if endometrics are better or worse than surgery for women who undergo IUI or IVF. More well-conducted, large-scale, well-designed studies are required to confirm or refute these findings.
We found four RCTs (3905 participants) that were at high risk of bias (ie, there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way the study was run and the way that the results were analysed). All of the studies compared professional oral care with usual care. The evidence is up to date as of March 2018. We were not able to draw any firm conclusions from the evidence. We could not tell whether professional care was more or less likely to cause a new episode of pneumonia in nursing homes than usual care, nor was there any clear difference in the risk of death due to pneumonia between the groups. There was low-quality evidence from one study that professional care may be more likely to lead to a death from any cause compared to usual care at 24-month follow-up. However, we were uncertain whether or not this was the case when we looked at all-cause deaths (death due to any cause) at that time point. Only one study (834 adults) looked at the side effects of the treatments and found no serious events and 64 non-serious events, the most common of which were tooth cavities (not defined) and dental staining. We found no evidence that any of the methods used in the studies were better than the other. We did not find any evidence that one method was better than any other. There is a need for more research in this area. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for most of the outcomes, which means that we are uncertain about the accuracy of the results.
We found five RCTs (149 patients) comparing bismuth subsalicylate (9 mg/day for 6 to 8 weeks) with placebo (dummy tablet) or beclometasone dipropionate (2.4 g/day) in patients with active lymphocytic colitis. Four of the five studies were judged to be at high risk of bias due to lack of blinding (i.e. patients and their doctors did not know whether they were in the treatment group or the placebo group). The other 3 studies were assessed to be of low quality due to imprecision (ie, there was a high chance of arriving at wrong conclusions because of the way the study was done). Budesonide was found to be more effective than placebo for the induction of both clinical and histological response. Patients receiving budesonide were more than three times more likely to have a histologic response compared to those who received a dummy tablet. Patients in the mesalazine group had a histogenic response of 85% compared to 86% of those in the group treated with mesalazepine plus cholestyramine. There was no difference between the two groups in terms of the number of patients who were still in clinical remission at 8 weeks and 12 months after the end of treatment. The only side effect that was reported was nausea, which occurred in 5% of patients in the placebo treatment group. Adverse events reported in the budeside study were nausea, vomiting, neck pain, abdominal pain, fever, rash and headache. Nausea and skin rash were reported as side effects in the mescalazine study. Side-effects in the beclomiphene dipropate study were reported to be nausea, sleepiness and change of mood. No side-side-effects were found in the bisto-substance (nine 262 mg tablets daily for 8 weeks compared with placebo). There were no side-effects reported in patients treated with bistopoietic acid (5 mg or 10 mg per day or 5 to 10 mg a day or both) compared with those who were treated with placebo. There were also no side effect reports in patients who received mesalidine (4 g per day) or mesalizate (5 to 8 mg per week) with or without cholestramine (4 to 5.5 g per week). Side-reactions were not reported in any of the other studies. The quality of the evidence was low or very low due to the very small size of the studies and the fact that the patients were not blinded (that is, those who did not have to take part in the study were not aware of the treatment they were receiving). This means that there is a possibility that the results are not accurate and that the true results may be very different from the ones that we have found. The results of this review do not allow us to draw any conclusions about the long-term effectiveness and safety of any of these drugs.
We included 12 randomised controlled trials with a total of 3259 people with type 2 diabetes of all ages. The duration of follow-up ranged from 6 months (26 weeks) to 12 months (52 weeks). Nine of the trials compared SMBG with usual care, one of them was a three-armed study, one was a one-armed trial and the other was a two-armed randomised trial. We found that SMBG induced a decrease in HbA1c in patients with a duration of one year or more who are not on insulin up to six months after the start of the trial, yet this effect was not seen after 12 months. We also found that there was no effect of SMBG on well-being and quality of life. There were few data on the effects of self-monitoring of blood glucose on hypoglycaemia (low blood sugar) and complications. None of the studies looked at the risk of death from any cause. We concluded that when the duration of the study was over one year, SMBG was no better or worse than usual care in terms of blood sugar control. There was also no evidence that self-medicine was any better, worse or the same as usual care. More research is needed to find out if there is any effect on the psychological impact of the SMBG and its impact on people’s well-ness, as well as on the impact of low blood sugar and diabetic complications.
We found 11 randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled and quasi-analgesic (RCT) controlled trials of psychological treatment for adults with AsPD. Data were available from only five of these, with a total of 276 participants. All participants were adults who had been in prison for a drink-driving or drug-addled, or both, for at least six months. All were male, and all had a high risk of being re-arrested for the same crime. The average age of participants ranged from 27 to 40 years old, and the mean age of the participants was 36 years old. Most of the studies were conducted in the 1980s, when alcohol and drug use were much more common in the USA and the UK. Most participants were men, and most of them had been previously involved in some form of crime. Most studies did not report on the length of time people were in prison, but some of them were conducted more than 20 years after they had been released from prison. Only a few studies looked at the impact of the treatment on people’s quality of life, and only a few of these looked at whether people had changed their antisocial behaviour after they were released from jail. Only one study looked at aggression, and none of the trials looked at it in a way that could be used to assess whether people were more or less likely to be re-offending after their release from prison, or if they had changed any of the ways in which they used drugs or alcohol or both. There was no evidence that any treatment was better than no treatment in terms of reducing the risk of reoffending. However, there was some improvement in some aspects of the way in which people functioned when they were outpatients from one study to the other. One of these was the ‘Driving Whilst Intoxicated program’, in which a group of people were taught to drive while under the influence of alcohol or drugs. Another was the 'Driving While Intoxified' (DUI) program, which was originally developed for people with substance misuse problems. All three of these studies showed improvement in at least one of the main outcomes of the RCT. No study found that any one of them was more effective than any other in terms. Overall, there is a lack of good quality evidence to support the use of any type of therapy for the treatment of adults with AsPD. More research is needed to find out which is the best way to help people with this condition.
We found 11 randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials (studies in which participants are assigned to one of two or more treatment groups using a random method) with a total of 1047 people. Six of the studies were from the USA, five from the UK, and one each from Australia, Brazil, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, and the Netherlands. There was a moderate risk of bias in some of the trials because of the way they were done or because an unknown number of participants were likely to have chest or sinus infections. There is no evidence that the use of antibiotics for the common cold or for persisting acute purulent rhinitis in adults or in all ages is beneficial. Antibiotics can cause side effects in adults and all ages. Routine use of these drugs is not recommended.
We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 162 people with plaque psoriasis. The age of participants ranged from 12 to 77 years, and most of them were older than 15 years. The mean PASI score at the end of treatment ranged from 5.7 (i.e. mild) to 23.7 points at the start of treatment in four of the five RCTs. We did not perform a meta-analysis due to heterogeneity of participants' characteristics and interventions. None of the trials assessed our primary outcome, time-to-resolution, or the secondary outcome, risk of having at least one relapse at long-term follow-up. One trial assessed penicillin (1.6 MU (million units) intramuscularly once a day) compared with no treatment (six weeks of treatment, with eight-week of treatment). At six-week (short-term) treatment, no adverse events were observed in either group, and there was no difference between the two groups in the proportion of participants with clear or almost clear skin. One RCT assessed rifampicin (300 mg twice daily) versus placebo (14 days of treatment), but none of the review outcomes were measured. We are uncertain about the quality of the results due to high risk of bias and imprecision due to a low number of events. We found only five trials (N = 162), which assessed the effects of five comparisons (antibiotics) of antibiotic treatment (penicillin, erythromycin (50,000 to 250 mg four times per day in three doses, twice a day in six weeks), no treatment, tonsillectomy (surgery to open up the tonsils to remove the plaque, tonsils and adnalgesia, and adenotrophies), and long--term azithromycin treatment (500 mg daily dose) (48 weeks of therapy). One study assessed the effect of one treatment type (vitamin C) versus the other (long-term treatment), and we are not able to draw any conclusion from these results. One of the studies assessed the risk of recurrence of the disease after surgery. We rated the results as very low quality, due to the lack of blinding of participants and caregivers, and high risk that the results were based on a few events.
We found 12 RCTs enrolling 933 adults with MS. Eleven of the 12 trials tested vitamin D₃, and one trial tested the same type of vitamin D, but with a lower dose. Fourteen of the studies were sponsored by the drug company Novartis, and the other 11 were funded by the company that makes the drug. We found very low-quality evidence that there is no difference in the risk of relapsing between the groups in terms of the number of people who had a relapse or who remained relapse-free at 52 weeks of follow-up. There was no difference between groups in the rate of relapses, worsening of disability, or in the size of brain tumour that was found in the brain by MRI scans. We also found that there was no improvement in quality of life or fatigue. One study (158 adults) found that people with MS were less tired when they took vitamin D compared with those who took placebo at 26 weeks of treatment. The other study (71 adults) also found no effect on fatigue at 96 weeks of therapy. We did not find any difference in cytokine levels, T-lymphocyte levels, or matrix metalloproteinase levels, which are markers of how well the body's immune system is able to fight off the damage caused by MS. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. We rated the quality of the available evidence as very low. This means that the true effect of the drug may be very different from what we found, and that we cannot be sure that it will be the same in the long term.
We included 62 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 4241 adults with cancer who had received treatment for any type of cancer. Most of these RCTs used a cross-over (cross-over) design, which means that participants were put into one of two or more treatment groups at random, one of which received morphine and the other a non-opioid drug. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2015. The review found that morphine is an effective analgesic for cancer pain. Where pain was assessed, over 90% of people had pain that was no worse than mild within a short time, and no one was able to achieve good levels of pain relief. Morphine was effective for either 12- or 24-hour dosing, depending on the type of morphine given. The dose range of morphine used in the trials ranged from 25 mg to 2000 mg per day, with an average of 100 mg to 250 mg. A few people were not able to get good pain relief with morphine and had to stop taking this medicine. Adverse events were common, predictable, and about 6% of participants stopped taking the medicine because of intolerable side-effects. The quality of the evidence is generally poor. Most studies were old, often small, and were carried out for registration purposes. It was not clear if these trials were large or large enough to be able to tell whether morphine was better or worse than other painkillers. Only a few reported how many people had good pain reduction, but where it was found, most of the studies reported that good levels were achieved, and that no pain was not achieved. Where results were reported for the same group of people in 17 studies, 'no worse than severe pain' was achieved by 96% of them, which was the same as treatment success in 63% of those who received morphine. The average daily dose of morphine was between 100 mg and 250 mg, and the dose range was between 25 mg and 2000 mg. The number of people who achieved good pain-relief with morphine was low, and only a few were able to do so with the same dose of the same type of medicine. A small percentage of people were unable to do this with morphine.
We found 14 trials, with a total of 1260 adults with a mean age of 16 to 88 years, with 1361 trigger fingers. Most of the participants were women (around 70%), and the length of time from the onset of symptoms to the time of follow-up ranged from three to 15 months after the surgery from eight weeks to 23 months. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. The review found that open surgery is the most commonly used treatment for people with a trigger finger, and is often used as the first choice for treatment. There was low- to very low-quality evidence that more participants in the open surgery group had a recurrence of symptoms than in the group that received a steroid injection at the end of six to 12 months. This means that 29% fewer people had symptoms with open surgery (from 6% to 3% more), compared with 50% to 65% in the steroid injection group. At one week, 9/49 (184 per 1000) out of 100 had pain on the palm of the hand in the surgery group, compared with 38/56 (or 678 per 1000 out of 1000) in the control group, for an improvement of 83% (from 67% to 91% better). We are uncertain whether open surgery increased the risk of adverse events (incidence of infection, tendon injury, flare, cutaneous discomfort and fat necrosis) (from 18% to 17% more) compared with steroid injections (from 5% to 99% worse) (very low- and low- or very low quality evidence). Evidence was downgraded due to flaws in the design of the studies and imprecision (too few events to be sure of the results).
We found three RCTs, with 931 people with AOA or AOA, that compared RT alone or RT plus PCV with RT alone, or RT alone. All of the studies were at high risk of bias, which means that their results may not be reliable. One study, the European Organisation for Research and Treatment of Cancer (EORTC) trial, showed that people in the RT alone arm lived on average 3.5 years longer with PCV and RT than the RT arm. This result was reported 10 years after the end of the trial and was not found in the original 2008 Cochrane review. Furthermore, with the use of biomarkers, we found that people who had PCV combined with RT lived longer than those who had RT alone and were free of cancer in the long term. However, PCV was associated with side-effects, and whether temozolomide can be added to this treatment or not is not clear.
We found five trials with a total of 240 children aged one to 18 years with mild to moderate OSA (AHI 1 to 30 per hour) who were followed-up from six weeks to four months. Three studies (n = 137) compared intranasal corticosteroids with a placebo (sugar pill) and compared oral montelukast with a fake medicine (placebo). We excluded one trial from the review because the patients were not randomised and we had concerns about the way it was run. We are uncertain about the difference in AHI (which is a measure of the amount of oxygen in the blood that can be reached in a child's blood) between the two groups. We also are not sure whether there is a change in the number of apnoeas (shortness of breath), low oxygen levels, or changes in heart rate and oxygen levels between the children who took intranaselucast and those who took the fake medicine. However, we are certain that there was a benefit on the desaturation index and the nadir of oxygen levels (which are measures of how hot and cold the blood is during sleep). We are not certain about the effect on the respiratory rate and the level of arousal due to imprecision of the results. Adverse events were assessed and reported in all trials and were rare, of minor nature (e.g. nose bleeds), and evenly distributed between study groups. No study looked at the risk of surgery for OSA as an outcome. The certainty of the evidence was moderate for the AHI and respiratory rate, but was low for the other outcomes. This means that we are not confident that the true effect of the treatment is likely to be the same as what we found. The evidence is up to date as of March 2018.
We found six randomised and quasi-randomised controlled studies (RCTs and CCTs) (1291 children) that compared systemic treatment with no intervention in children with CVCs. All of the six RCTs/CCTs had a high risk of bias, which could be a result of the low quality of the evidence. We found no differences in the risk of developing a blood clot in the blood (symptome of VTE) (1.5% in the experimental group, 1.7% in control group) or in the number of children with symptomatic VTE (2.0% in both groups) between study groups. However, we found that in one CCT, which used low-dose warfarin to treat VTE in children, there was a reduction in symptopic VTE with the addition of low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) to antithrombin (AT) supplementation. We did not find differences in adverse events (such as major and/or minor bleeding episodes) between the groups. None of the studies reported thrombocytopenia, HIT, HITT, death as a cause for VTE, removal of CVC due to VTE or CVC infection, or post-thrombotic syndrome (PTS), which is a complication resulting from the presence of blood clots in veins caused by VTE. There was no information on other adverse events, and none of the included in the meta-analysis (combined meta-analyses) for this review. We concluded that there was no difference in the occurrence of adverse events between the experimental and the control groups, and that there is a need for further research in this area. The addition of LMWH to AT supplementation resulted in a reduction of symptomalous VTE without any adverse events in the control group. The risk of asymptomies (children with VTE who do not have a blood clot in their veins) was not assessed in any of the trials. The quality of evidence was moderate to low for all of the outcomes. This could be due to limitations in the way the studies were designed and performed.
This review found that CSFD reduced the risk of a stroke in the spinal cord by 80% in people who underwent thoracic and thoracoabdominal aneurysm surgery. The risk of spinal cord injury was not reduced by the use of CSFD. There was no difference in the number of people who had a stroke between those who received CSFD and those who did not.
We included 13 RCTs, with a total of 662 people with Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) scores of at least 75 points on a 0-100 scale. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. We found that when NB-UVB was compared with PUVA in one RCT of CPP, there was no difference between the groups in terms of reduction in PASI score. In three other trials comparing oral PUVA with oral PUV, the results were inconsistent because in one trial, there were no differences between the two groups, and in the other two, the clear-up rates were higher in favour of the PUV group. In one trial comparing NB- UVB with bath PUVA, the evidence was also inconsistent: Pooled data from the RCT found no difference in the number of people who reached PASIs of PPP and PPP with either group. One RCT in CPP found no differences in the amount of skin cleared from the skin with either NBUVB or PUV. In people with PPP, one study found no significant difference between NB-uvB and PUV treated both on the front and back of the skin. One study in people with CPP and another in PPP found that there was little or no evidence of a difference in clearance rate between the treatment groups. We also found that re-NBUVB and re-PUV had the same results for the use of retinoids for treating CPP or GP, and that PUVA and PUVA plus retinoid had similar effects for the treatment of people with GP or CPP. We did not find any studies that looked at the effectiveness and safety of conventional BBUVB for PPP. The quality of the included in this review was low. This means that we are not able to draw any conclusions about the effect of NBUVBs compared with other types of phototherapies.
We found 21 trials with a total of 1525 people with faecal incontinence. We found some evidence that biofeedback and electrical stimulation may be better than exercises or exercises alone in improving the outcome of treatment. There was not evidence as to whether there was a difference in outcome for any method of treatment between any of the studies. One trial showed that the number of people who were able to achieve full continence was lower when electrical stimulation was added to biofeedb than when it was used alone. There is no evidence that any method was better than the other. There are suggestions that rectal volume discrimination training improves continence more than sham (sham) training. However, this is based on only one trial and the results are imprecise. Exercises appear to be less effective than an implanted sacral nerve stimulator. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of catheters in adults following surgery for any cause. We found 39 RCTs that met our criteria, but they were all of low or very low risk of bias. We could not draw conclusions about whether or not to use a catheter in the urethral or ureter. There was a higher risk of recatheteration (removal of the catheter) if a cathetter was not used after surgery. In six trials, a greater number of patients had to have their catheter re-inserted if they had a ureral catheter rather than a suprapubic one. In 11 trials, fewer patients had a urinary tract infection when the catheter was taken out sooner (for example 1 to 3 days) and the length of time it was in place was similar in both groups. In one trial, the clamp-and-release policy was found to increase the risk of urinary tract infections and the time it took for patients to return to normal voiding. The risk of re-catheterisation was increased if the policy was not changed immediately after surgery but there was no difference between the groups in terms of the time taken for the cathetters to be put back in or for them to be taken out at all.
We found 10 randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, multi-centre studies that compared aripiprazole with other medicines (placebo or other drugs) in a total of 3340 adults, children/adolescents, and adults with mania. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2015. Aripipazole was more than twice as good as placebo (fake medicine) at the three-week and six-week time points, but less than half as good at the 12-week point. A high dropout rate from most trials (> 20% for each intervention in eight of the trials) may have had an impact on the results and may have led to imprecision in the results. Evidence shows that arizole was better than placebo at three and four weeks, but not at six weeks or at any other time point. However, at 12 weeks, haloperidol was found to be better at reducing mania than ariziroprazole. Arizeprazole caused more symptoms of mania in the short-term (i.e. from three to 12 weeks) and caused more people to need anticholinergic drugs (such as halopentasone or valproate) or to have a prolactin (a protein in the blood that causes mania) level that was lower than or close to the lower limit of normal. It also caused more problems with the gut (e.g. nausea (feels sick), constipation and diarrhoea), and increased the risk of having a low blood pressure (low heart rate) and high blood pressure) in the long-term. Compared with ariprazole, halperidol caused more movement disorders, such as tingling, shakiness and dizziness, and more of these were in children and adults. Comparisons with medicines other than haloplatin and lithium are few, so the precise place of ariazole in treatment for mania is still not clear.
We found three RCTs and one CCT on the use of urokinase or ethanol lock in the treatment of CVC-infection in children with cancer. We found no difference in the number of participants cured, the occurrence of a new CVC infection, the need for the CVC to be replaced or the need to replace it, the length of time it took for the first negative blood culture to be grown, the time until the first CVC was returned to the blood, the risk of premature CVC removal, admission to the ICU or sepsis. No adverse events occurred in the five publications of the RCT on antibiotic lock treatment alone. However, this could be due to low power or a too-short follow-up. The CVCs did not malfunction in any of the studies. No RCT or CCT was found on antibiotics alone. More well-designed studies are needed.
We found 15 randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials that looked at a wide range of interventions to help adults with whiplash-related neck pain and other neck pain. We found that an educational video on how to use your hands to move and other parts of the neck to help reduce pain and improve function was more helpful than no treatment for adults with neck pain after a few weeks of follow-up. However, the video did not help people with chronic neck pain or other types of neck pain over a long period of time. There is low to very low quality evidence that advice to activate, advice on stress-coping skills, workplace ergonomics and self-care strategies are no better than other treatments for neck pain, or worse than no intervention at all. Advice on pain & stress coping skills and workplace ergonomic skills is no more or less helpful than other interventions. Specific exercise training is no better or worse at relieving neck pain than other forms of treatment. Self-care techniques are not helpful for chronic to acute neck pain at short-term or long-term. With the exception of one trial, this review has not found that any of the interventions examined in this review are of high quality.
We searched for evidence on communication between health care providers and those at risk of developing CJD or vCJD. We did not find any randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the best way to reach out to people at risk. We found 49 studies and pieces of literature that met the criteria for the Cochrane review, but which we combined to form a thematic synthesis. This can be used to inform the way in which health care professionals should communicate with those who are at risk or those who may be at risk, and to guide decisions about what works and what does not. The thematics of the thematics are described in the appendices to this Cochrane update. We are not able to draw any firm conclusions from these results, as there is not enough evidence to show which is the best method of reaching out to the most at risk and which is not.
We found only one randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial (N = 304 randomised patients with RLS and a high dropout rate) that looked at opioids (prolonged release oxycodone/naloxone) for the treatment of RLS. After 12 weeks, patients in the drug group had improved more than those in the placebo group in terms of RSL symptoms and quality of life. There was no difference between groups for daytime somnolence (sleepiness), sleepiness, or sleepiness during the night, or naps during the day. Quality of sleep was improved more in patients who took the drugs than in those who did not take the drugs. The risk of side effects was similar in both groups. The major side effects were stomach upsets, tiredness, and headache. Opioids do not seem to be safe for RLS patients. This conclusion is based on only one large, well-designed, and well-conducted trial. The dropout rates were high and the quality of evidence was low.
We found 15 randomised trials, involving 1022 adults with a distal fracture of the distal radius of the radius (distal radius is the area between the collarbone and collarbone) of the neck. All of the trials compared the use of a pin to fix the fracture to the bone or a plaster cast to keep the bone in place. There was no difference between the groups in terms of the amount of time taken for the bone to heal or the risk of late collapse and malunion (collapsed bone) or in the number of fractures that required further surgery. However, there was a high risk of a number of complications, such as pin-track infection, but most of these were minor and could have been avoided if the pin had been placed in the right place using a technique other than pin insertion. There is some evidence to be found that external fixation is better than plaster cast or plaster cast immobilation for the treatment of distal fractures in adults. It is not clear whether it is any more or less safe or effective than the plaster cast.
We found five randomised studies with a total of 1127 patients. It is not clear whether early removal of the stent improved the risk of MUC compared with late stent removal. The risk of UTI may be lower in the early stent group. This may be achieved if a stent is placed in the ureter using a percutaneous balloon angioplasty (PU stent). There was no difference in the number of UTIs in the group that had an externalised PU stent. However, there was no clear difference between the groups in terms of health economics or quality of life. The quality of the evidence was moderate for UTI and low for MUC.
We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at three types of crowns. Four of the RCTs compared crowns with fills. Two of them used PMCs fitted with the Hall Technique, which is a new type of crown, and the other two compared PMCs with fillings. One of the PMCs was fitted with a third method, which allowed the comparison of PMCs (fitted using the Hall technique) with non-restorative treatment (i.e. no treatment for tooth decay) and we found that crowns fitted with this method were less likely to fail or have pain in the long term compared to fillens. There was also less risk of gingival bleeding when using crowns rather than fillens, either in the short term (less than 12 months) or long term (12 months or more). It is not clear whether there is a difference in the risk of bleeding of the gums when crowns are placed on top of fillens (gingival bleeds are gums that bleed when filled with fillens). Only one RCT (11 participants) looked at a type of tooth crown called a'stainless steel' crown. It was very low quality and so we could not draw any conclusion from it. There are no RCT studies comparing crowns that were fitted using a new method, such as the Hall method, with those that were used in the past. There is a need for more research in this area. The amount and quality of evidence for crowns versus fillens is very low and we are uncertain about the results.
We found 28 studies (involving 788 adults and children with cystic fibrotic lung disease of which 22 of the studies used PEP with a mask, in three studies a mouthpiece was used with nose clips and in three of these it was not clear whether a mask was used or not. These studies compared PEP to ACBT, autogenic drainage, oral oscillating PEP devices, high-frequency chest wall oscillation (HFCWO) and exercise. We found that when PEP was used for at least one year, there was a reduction in the number of lung attacks (exacerbations) when compared to other methods of airway clearance. There was no difference between PEP and other techniques in terms of the amount of mucus that was cleared from the airways, but there were more adverse events in the PEP group. People who used oscillation PEP had more side-effects than those who used flutter PEP, but this was only in the flutter group (low- to very low-risk of side-effect). In one long-term high-quality study (107 adults) there was little or no difference in the risk of a flare-up of the lung in people using PEP compared to people who used high-pitched chest wall noise (high-pitch) oscillation. However, in one of the short-term studies (66 adults) it was reported that there was no change in the severity of the flare-ups between the two groups. Most of the results for the other outcomes were not reported in a way that we could use to assess the quality of the evidence. Most studies did not use a mask to mask the airway and so we were not able to draw any conclusions about the effect of this technique on lung function or on the number or severity of lung problems caused by the treatment. Most people in the studies dropped out of the study before the end of treatment and this was not described in detail in any of the other ways that we looked at the results. The quality of evidence provided by this review is variable, but suggests that all of the treatments described may have a place in the treatment of people with CF.
We found four studies involving 1485 adults with a mean age of over 18 years of age who had been diagnosed with Crohn's or ulcerative colitis (CD) with a median follow-up of eight weeks. All participants received CZP (100 mg to 400 mg every 2 to 4 weeks) or a placebo (dummy pill) for at least six weeks. One of the studies was at a high risk of bias due to the use of a non-identical placebo. The other three were judged to be at a low risk of systematic error (i.e. play of chance). We found that people who took CZPs were more than twice as likely to be in remission or achieve a clinical response at week 8 compared to those who took a dummy pill (placebo). We also found that the risk of a side effect (side effect) was about the same in both groups. The risk of serious side effects (side events) was 8.7% (73/835) and 6.2% (40/650) of people in the control groups and was similar in the two groups. Serious side effect events (side effects) were observed in 8.8% (100/850) of participants in the placebo groups and were no more or less common in the CZp groups than in the group that took the dummy pill. It is not possible to tell whether there is a greater or less risk of side effects in people who take CZps than in those who take a dummy drug. The evidence is up to date as of March 2017. The certainty of the evidence ranged from very low to moderate. This means that we are very uncertain about the accuracy of the results.
We found 112 randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, and quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the effectiveness and safety of drugs to treat heart failure in adults with CKD. Of these, 31 RCTs (23,762 adults) with data on CKD patients met our criteria. The risk of bias in all 112 studies was high or very high, and the risk of systematic errors (ie, play of chance) was often high or high. In total, 26 studies (19,612 adults) provided data on at least one outcome of interest for our review and were included in our meta-analysis. In acute heart failure, the effects of adenosine A1-receptors, dopamine, nesiritide, or serelaxin on death, hospitalisations, worsening heart failure or kidney function, hyperkalaemia, low blood pressure, or quality of life were uncertain due to lack of data or were not reported. In the chronic heart failure subgroup, the effect of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors (ACEi or ARB, a type of drug that decreases the amount of blood that clot in the blood, and aldosterone agonists (drugs that block the action of the vasopressin receptor in the heart) on death (any cause) was uncertain. Treatment with beta-blockers may decrease the number of people who die or are admitted to hospital from heart failure. We were not able to assess the risks of high blood pressure or low blood potassium due to the paucity of available for analysis in this subgroup due to a lack of evidence. We found that patients who received aldestrone agonists may have a greater risk of developing a blood clot compared to those who did not receive treatment. We also found that treatment with sinus-nodilators may have an increased risk of low blood levels of a hormone called sinus cells, but we were unable to assess this risk as there were too few studies. We did not find that any of the drugs tested in the CKD subgroup had any side effects. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. The main reasons for this were imprecision and imprecise results.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1945 women where oxytocin was used for induction or augmentation of labour. Overall, the risk of bias across the three RCTs was mixed. There was no evidence that one method was better than the other for any of the maternal or neonatal outcomes. The risk of having a caesarean section, ventouse or forceps, was not reduced by the use of tocodynamometrics. However, there was a lower risk of the umbilical artery pH less than 7.15, admission to the neonatal intensive care unit, and more than 48 hours in hospital. The pooled risk for instrumental birth was not increased by either method. Hyperstimulation was reported in two studies (n = 489), but there was no difference in the risk between the groups. This review found no difference between the methods for any outcomes for women and their babies.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared people with CVI who did or did not have CVI to those who did not do any type of exercise. We found one RCT in the USA and one in the UK. Both RCTs were conducted in the 1990s and had a total of 54 participants. We were not able to pool the data from the two included studies as they used different scales and measured the same types of disease signs and symptoms. One study did not show that there was a difference between the exercise and control groups in terms of the change in change in ejection fraction, half venous refilling time and the time it took for the blood to reach the leg from the leg to be refilled. The other study showed that exercise did not seem to have an effect on quality of life or range of motion of the leg. One of the studies showed that muscle strength did not differ between the two groups in this study, but there was lower peak torque at fast speed in the exercise group. The risk of venous leg ulcers, the need for surgery to treat symptoms and exercise capacity were not assessed or reported in either of the included trials. We judged both of the trials to be at high risk of bias, which means that we cannot be certain that their results are accurate. We could not be sure that they were free of bias due to the small size of the study and the fact that we could not see how the results were reported in both trials. Therefore, we judged the quality of evidence to be very low. There is a need for more research in this area.
In this Cochrane review, the HA class of viscosupplements were compared to a wide range of other treatments for OA of the knee, such as nonsteroidal anti-inflammation drugs (NSAIDs), corticosteroids, physical therapy, arthroscopy, surgery, and other types of treatment. The review found that the HA group of products was superior to other forms of active treatment in terms of improvement in knee pain, function, and global assessment at all time points and at some time points, but most of the results were found at the 5 to 13 week post injection time point. There were few adverse events in the hyaluronan/hylan group of treatments and no major adverse events were found in the group of HA products compared to the corticostoids used in the treatment of knee OA. However, there are too few trials to be able to draw conclusions about the effectiveness and safety of the HA products.
We found 10 randomised trials (RCTs) with a total of 4052 participants. Four RCTs (1881 participants) compared misoprostol with placebo (fake medicine) given in addition to the uterotonics. The trials did not show that the use of the drug in the dose of 600 to 1000 mcg with the addition of a uterotonic did not reduce the risk of death or the need for a hysterectomy (removal of fallopian tubes and ovaries). Women who received oxytocin were more likely to have a blood loss of at least 1000 mL and to have vomiting and shivering. One RCT (1787 women) compared 800 mcg sublingual (sublingual is the part of the vagina in which blood is pumped out) of the vaginal canal with oxytocine (oxytocin is a hormone produced by the uterus) as the first treatment for primary PPH. Women who had been on uterotonic drugs for at least 24 hours did not have more side effects than those who had not been on these drugs. We did not find any trials that looked at other treatments for PPH, such as surgery or other types of surgery. We found no trials that assessed the effectiveness of tranexamic acid, estrogen and other drugs. One trial looked at the effect of surgery on PPH but was too small to be able to assess impact on any of our primary outcome measures. Two other trials tried to test the effects of the drugs estrogen and another drug, but were too small for any meaningful comparisons of pre-specified outcomes. One of the included in the current review was not large enough to be sure that it had an effect on our main outcomes. The role of other drugs and other treatments such as compression is still not clear. More research is needed to find out which is the best way to treat women who fail to respond to uterotomy.
We found six small and large RCTs that evaluated short-term N-acetylcysteine supplementation of cysteine-free PN in preterm or very low birth weight infants (less than 1000 grams). The risk of death by 36 postmenstrual weeks, bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD), death or death or BPD, retinopathy of prematurity (ROP), severe ROP, necrotizing enterocolitis requiring surgery, periventricular leukomalacia (inflammation of the lining of the heart), and bleeding in the brain (intraventricular hemorrhage) was assessed. Nitrogen was maintained in the urine and urine of the preterm babies by adding N- acetylcyteine to their urine. There was no effect on growth or on the risk of retinitis of the eye or brain due to lack of oxygen in the blood. However, there is not enough evidence to assess the risks of the risks associated with the use of this drug, and there is concern about metabolic acidosis, which has been reported in the first few weeks after the drug was given.
We found 77 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 6287 people with NAFLD. Forty-one of these RCTs (3829 participants) were at low risk of bias (low risk of systematic error) and all other trials were at high risk of random errors (bias) in one or more aspects. Thirty-five of the 77 trials included only participants with non-alcohol related steatohepatitis (NASH) (based on biopsy confirmation). Five of the trials included participants with diabetes mellitus; 14 of the 37 trials did not report the source of funding. The follow-up in the trials ranged from one month to 24 months. Antioxidants and thiazolidinediones were compared with no treatment. There was no death in either group in the one trial which assessed the risk of death. None of the patients in the other trials had any serious adverse events. There were no deaths in the third and fourth trials, which evaluated bile acids, and there was no serious side effects in the first trial, which assessed thiazolicine. There is no difference between the two groups in the number of people with serious side events, nor in the quality of life, which was not assessed in any of the other three trials. The source of the funding was not reported in 39 trials. Due to the very low quality of the evidence, we are very uncertain about the effectiveness of any of these treatments. Further well-designed, large-scale, randomised trials are required.
We found 15 randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, multi-centre, cross-over studies of 1282 people with MCI who had been diagnosed with Alzheimer’s disease or other forms of dementia. All of the people in the studies had a mean age of around 70 years old. The age range of the participants was from 18 to 80 years old and most of them had MCI for less than one year. We found that the CSF t-tau test is more sensitive than the other tests, and so might be used to rule out Alzheimer's disease as the cause of cognitive loss in the first few years after the onset of the disease. However, the sensitivity of this test ranged from 51% to 90% and the specificity of the test from 48% to 88%. This means that if the test was used, it would be able to tell whether or not the person had Alzheimer's or other types of dementia, but not to rule it out. The accuracy of these tests for ‘other dementias’ had not been assessed in the included studies. We also looked at the accuracy of CSF testing for conversion to Alzheimer's and for the diagnosis of Alzheimer's, but we found that these tests were not as good as the others. The sensitivity of the tests ranged from 40% to 100%, and the specificities ranged from 22% to 86% and from 8% to 95% and we could not be sure that the tests were accurate. Only one of the 15 studies used the same test in all of the studies. This means we cannot be certain that the test is accurate. We are not sure whether these tests are useful in the treatment of people with dementia. More research is needed to answer this question.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing TIVA and inhaled anaesthesia in a group of 170 men who were undergoing a radical radical prostatectomy. All were male and between 50 and 75 years of age. The men were between 50 to 75 years old. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2016. We found no clear evidence that there was a difference in postoperative pain between the two types of anaesthetics. Propofol (a sedative) may be better than sevoflurane in the short term (one to six hours after surgery) for reducing postoperative nausea and vomiting. However, it is not clear whether this difference in pain is important in terms of reducing the risk of eye complications. We also found that propofol may prevent an increase in eye pressure in the eye after surgery using pneumoperitoneum and steep Trendelenburg (a special type of surgery in which air is pumped through a hole in the back of the body to open up the prostate) in men who received this surgery. We did not find any information about side-effects, all-cause deaths, lung or circulatory complications, stroke, stroke-like symptoms, problems with the heart or lungs, brain or brain, length of time spent in hospital, or costs. Overall the quality of evidence was low to very low, as all studies were small, single-centre, two-arm, RCTs. It is uncertain which anaesthetic technique is better for transabdominal robotic surgery in urology, gynaecology and gastroenterology, as the evidence is of low quality and has been generated from only male patients. An ongoing trial, which has a focus on quality of recovery, might have an impact on future evidence on this topic.
We found 14 randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, multi-centre, cross-over studies, with more than 1,601,515 participants. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2018. Most studies found no evidence that there was a link between the use of corticosteroids of all potencies and the risk of birth defects, preterm birth, or low birth weight. The risk of preterm births and foetal death was lower in the group of women who received potent to very potent corticostoids compared with the group that did not, but we did not see this effect in the subgroup that received mild to moderate doses. There was no difference between the groups in terms of the number of babies with congenital problems, orofacial clefts or cleft lip and palate, low Apgar score, or high Apgar scores. However, the results from three of the studies in the meta-analysis showed that there may be an increased risk of low birth weights in women who were given the most potent form of the corticotrophins. We rated the quality of the evidence as low to very low. This was due to imprecision in the estimate of effect for the outcomes, and inconsistency in the numbers of babies that died before birth or shortly after birth. We used the Grades of Recommendation, Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) method to rate the overall risk of bias in the evidence. The GRADE method is based on a method called GRADE, which is a method developed by the Cochrane Pregnant Women's Health Group. GRADE is a set of tools that aim to reduce bias in health care research. In this review, we used GRADE to grade the evidence using four levels: very low, low, moderate, high, and high. Very low quality evidence means that we are very uncertain about the results. High-quality, high-quality research is needed.
We found four RCTs that included 611 adults (612 eyes) from the USA, UK, Canada, India, and South Africa. The largest trial was the Steroids for Corneal Ulcers Trial (SCUT) in the USA. The other three trials were small and had follow-up periods of less than one year. One of the three trials was a trial of the largest trial, the SCUT, and the other three were small. All four trials compared the treatment of bacterial keratitis with corticosteroid and with no topical corticostoid and had a long time to re-epithelialize (the growth of new epithelium) after surgery. All trials reported data on visual acuity, which ranged from three weeks to one year, and none of them found any difference between the corticoid group and the control group. The SCUT trial found that the time for the new epithelial growth to heal was 53% faster in the steroid group after adjusting for baseline epithelial defect size. However, the trial did not find any difference in the time from the start of the trial to reepithelium. For adverse events, none of the studies found any differences between the treatment groups. The trial in the largest study found that more patients in the group treated with steroids had an increase in IOP (eye pressure) and one study reported quality of life. We did not have any information about the cost of the treatments. Although the four trials were generally of good quality, three of the four included participants were too few to be able to detect a difference between groups in most of the outcomes. Further, the trials were too small to be large enough to be sure that there was a treatment effect.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 450 people with ischaemic stroke. Three of the RCTs were from the USA, one from the UK and one each from Australia, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, the UK, and the USA. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. We found no evidence that percutaneous treatment was better than intravenous thrombolytic therapy in terms of the number of people who were able to return to work, quality of life, or the occurrence of haemorrhage in the brain. At the end of follow-up, there was a non-significant increase in the risk of death in those who had had their stroke in the percutaneously-inserted artery compared with those who received intravenous therapy. We did not find any evidence that any of the treatments were better than the other. The quality of evidence was low for all of the outcomes because of the lack of precision and imprecision of the results.
We included in the review one study with a total of 120 families and 143 children from high-income and low-income countries. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2016. The study was conducted in a day care centre in the UK and was funded by the National Day Care Trust, a UK charity. No evidence was found that centre-based day care, rather than no treatment (care at home), improved or worsened children's cognitive or psychosocial development. No other measures of child intellectual or social development were reported in the study. No data were found on the effect of day care on the employment of parents, as measured by the number of mothers in full-time or part-time employment and maternal hours per week in paid work. This study did not report on long-term outcomes for children (high-school completion or income). The quality of evidence was very low because of the small size of the study and the risk of bias, as 63% of the children in the control group had access to day care services that were not part of the day care provided within the intervention. This means that we are uncertain as to whether or not day care for children younger than five years of age and their families in high-quality day care centres are of benefit.
We found that 11 of the 30 scores have been tested in a variety of ways. However, none of them have been fully validated. The Nancy Index and the Robarts Histopathology Index have undergone the most testing in that four of the scoring methods have been assessed. The results show that all of the tests are valid. In order to find the best histologic score for healing ulcers in patients with ulcerative colitis, more research is needed.
We included three randomised trials with 173 adults with a mean age of between 41 and 44 years of age. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2014. The three trials compared the use of nail or plate to fix the fracture in the distal tibial metaphyseal fracture in people who had had their foot and ankle broken in the same way as the bone was fractured in the other way around. There were no trials comparing surgery with non-surgical treatment. The quality of evidence was rated as very low, which means that we are uncertain about the estimates for all of the outcomes. Although the pooled results of three different measures of function (e.g. function of the foot and the ankle) showed that there may be a difference between nail and plate in favour of nailing, there was no difference in the need for re-operation or risk of adverse events between the groups. Based on this, we would expect that out of 100 adults with these fractures, 63 fewer would have to have re-operations after nail surgery than after plate surgery. There was no evidence that there was a difference in pain between the two groups. However, one of the trials (85 adults) found that there might be a benefit of plating over nail in terms of reducing pain. There is not yet enough evidence to draw any conclusions about the best method of surgery or the best surgery for this type of fracture in adults.
We found 11 studies involving a total of 38,742 people with stroke or TIA. Eight trials (35,110 people) compared BPLDs with no BPLD, and three trials (3632 people) looked at systolic blood pressure-lowering drugs. The risk of a new stroke was reduced by 50% in the subgroup of people who used an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor or a diuretic (a drug that decreases blood flow to the brain) compared with those who did not use these drugs. We found that the risk of recurrence of a stroke was increased in people who took an ACE inhibitor or diuretics, but not in those who took a placebo or no treatment. We were not able to draw conclusions about the best blood pressure target for blood pressure reduction after stroke or a stroke due to the lack of data. The quality of evidence was moderate to high.
This review found that men who took B-sitosteryl-B-D-glucoside (B-sitosterol) for 4 to 26 weeks had less urine leakage and more urine flow in the urine compared to men who did not take the drug. There was no difference in prostate size between the groups. Withdrawal rates from the studies were 7.8% and 8.0% for men who were on B-strictly glucosidic and placebo, respectively.
We found 26 trials (2,766 patients) that compared salmeterol to a dummy drug (placebo) or to salbutamol (an inhaled corticosteroid). These included 62,815 adults and 2,599 children. The risk of death from any cause was not increased with salmetarol, but there was an increase in the risk of non-fatal serious adverse events. There was also an increased risk of dying from asthma in patients who were not on inhaled steroids compared to those who were taking inhaled steroid drugs. There is not enough evidence to assess whether the risk in children is more or less than in adults. We found no difference in the number of people who died from asthma when salmetrol was compared with placebo (a dummy drug). However, there was a clear increase in risk of asthma-related death in patients not using inhaled glucocorticoids in the two large surveillance studies. Although the increase in deaths due to asthma was smaller in the inhaled drugs group than in the control group, we could not rule out an increased number of deaths in the group of patients who did not take inhaled bronchodilators.
This is an update of a review first published in 2004. In this update, we found that there is no evidence that postnatal thyroid hormones can reduce the risk of death or illness in preterm babies with RDS. However, there is some concern about the methods used in both the original 1988 and 1989 trials. Both trials had some flaws in the way they were carried out and both had a high risk of bias.
We included 38 RCTs with a total of 1828 adults with hepatocellular carcinoma (HCP) or hepatic encephalopathy. The review found that non-absorbable disaccharides may reduce the risk of death when compared with placebo/no treatment. We found that the risk was reduced from 30% to 10% when we combined the data from 24 RCTS with extractable data (1487 adults) and when we compared the results from eight trials with a low risk of bias (705 adults) in our meta-analysis. We also found that there was a beneficial effect of the drugs on hepata (head and neck) and on serious side-effects (mainly gastrointestinal) associated with hepata. None of the trials evaluated quality of life. The evidence is up to date as of March 2018. The quality of the evidence was very low for all outcomes.
We included 65 studies (involving 3598 participants) in this update of the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Cochrane Review. The evidence is up-to-date as of January 2019. The review found that bisphosphonate and other drugs may reduce the risk of bone fracture and bone pain in children and adults who have had a kidney transplant. It is not clear whether any other drug class is more or less safe. It was uncertain whether other drugs had any effect on bone disease or graft loss. The risk of graft loss was low to very low, and we were not able to draw conclusions about the risks and harms of other treatments. The quality of the evidence was very low for all of the outcomes, making it impossible to draw any firm conclusions about their safety and effectiveness. The results of this review should be viewed with caution as there were a high risk of bias in many of the studies, which means that we are uncertain about the accuracy of the results.
We found four randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 317 people. Three of the four RCTs studied the use of magnesium in the control group and one RCT assessed the effects of magnesium given by intravenous (parenteral) or intramuscularly (intravenous) route. There was a high risk of bias in each of the studies. The quality of the evidence was moderate to low. There is not enough evidence to determine whether or not magnesium is beneficial or harmful for the treatment or prevention of alcohol withdrawal syndrome. The evidence is up to date as of March 2014.
We included 15 randomised, double-blind, placebo- or no-treatments-based trials (involving 3057 adults and children) with acute rhinosinusitis of any cause. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. We did not find any new trials for this update. Antibiotics can shorten time to cure, but only 5 to 11 more people per 100 will be cured faster if they are treated with antibiotics compared to placebo or no treatment. About 5% of people will not be cured after one week if they do not receive antibiotics, and about 5% after 14 days if they receive antibiotics. Cure rates were higher when a fluid level or total opacification in any sinus was found on X-ray or when the severity of the sinus infection was assessed by imaging. However, 13 more people had side effects compared to those who did not take antibiotics. The risk of a brain abscess (a swelling in the brain) was reported in one participant (out of 3057) one week after the end of treatment with antibiotics. We could not draw conclusions about children, people with suppressed immune systems, and those with severe sinusitis, due to the lack of information in the trials. The quality of the evidence was high for all outcomes, and the risk of bias was low to moderate.
We found eight RCTs (enrolling 2515 patients) comparing D2 to D1 or D2 lymphadenectomy in patients with tumour of the stomach with a tumour that had not spread to other parts of the body. Three trials (all from the USA and one from the UK) compared D3 with D2 or D1 lymphaden surgery and found no difference in OS and DFS between these types of surgery. Data for DFS were available from one trial and for no trial were DSS data available. Five trials (from the USA, UK, France, Italy, Japan, and South Korea) found no differences in OS or DFS in patients who had D2 and D1 surgery, but D2 surgery was found to be better in terms of DSS. Postoperative deaths were higher in the D2 group than in the other groups of patients. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate.
This is a summary of a Cochrane review of 13 randomised, double-blind, placebo-based and quasi-randomised controlled trials of naltrexone for the treatment of people who are dependent on opioids. The findings of this review are based on a total of 1158 people who were randomly assigned to treatment with oral or non-opioid drugs or to placebo or no drug. The review found that there was no difference in the rate of re-incarceration (time spent in prison) or in the number of patients who were still in treatment after the end of the study. There was no evidence of a difference in retention and abstinence (time from the start of the first day of treatment to the time of the last day of the trial) and in the percentage of participants who remained in treatment. When compared with other drugs, such as benzodiazepine and buprenorphine, no difference was found in the rates of retention and use of the drugs and side effects were found. The percentage of people retained in treatment in the studies was low (28%) and the results come from only a few studies. This means that there is a need for further research in this area.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of changing the consistency of fluids for people with dementia. We did not find any RCTs on changes in the amount of food that people eat or drink. We found one RCT on the use of videofluoroscopy to see if any of the fluids could be changed in order to improve the amount that can be sucked out of the mouth. This study was part of a large multicentre trial in which 351 adults with a mean age of over 80 years of age were randomised to one of two types of fluids (nectar thick or honey thick) and compared them to each other in a group of people with a range of ages and ages. The first of these was a cross-over (cross-over) study in which people received one of the viscosities of fluids in the first and the other in the second. There were no deaths in either group. In the first trial, the first type of fluid was honey thick and the second type was nectar thick. Both of these studies were part of the same large trial and included adults with dementia and people with or without dementia and Parkinson's disease. We are not sure about the immediate and long-term effects of changes to fluids as too few studies have been done. There may be differences in outcomes based on the grade of thickness of fluids and the sequence of interventions trialled in videofluaroscopy for the people in the trial. There was a greater risk of pneumonia in participants in the honey thick group in the follow-up study. No one died in either of the other two groups. Neither study looked at quality of life. The risk of bias for both included in this review is high. The quality of evidence is low. The evidence is up to date as of March 2015.
We found six randomised controlled trials with a total of 788 women. The largest of these included 396 women eligible for this review. The evidence is up to date as of July 2013. No evidence of a difference was found in live birth rates between the two groups. For a woman with a 53% chance of live birth with IVF, the chance using IVF would range from 34% to 53%. There was no difference between the groups in rates of OHSS (hole in the womb, sepsis, haemorrhage of the ovary or follicle, multiple pregnancy, clinical pregnancy, miscarriage or cancellation of the IVF cycle. One trial found that the chance of oocyte retrieval was lower in the group receiving IVF. There were not enough data to draw any conclusions about rates of treatment cancellation. Findings on treatment costs were inconsistent and more data are awaited. The overall quality of evidence was very low for live birth and OHSS rates and very low quality for pregnancy rates. Findments for pregnancy rate and for cycle cancellation were not very clear and were based on the choice of the type of statistical model used. For these outcomes, use of a fixed effect model suggested a benefit for the standard IVF group. Moreover the largest trial has not yet completed follow up, though data have been reported for over 95% of women. Further large, well-conducted, randomised trials are needed.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared Tai Chi with usual care (i.e. usual care without Tai Chi) in a total of 984 people with COPD. The age of participants ranged from 10 to 206 years, and mean age ranged from 61 to 74 years. Programmes lasted from six weeks to one year. All included RCTs were randomised, which means that participants and their carers did not know whether they were in the group receiving the treatment or the control group. We found that when Tai Chi was added to other interventions (e.g. breathing exercise or exercise) compared with other interventions, Tai Chi showed no improvement in COPD symptoms nor on quality of life nor on physical and psychosocial function. No side effects of Tai Chi were found in any of the studies. Tai Chi appears to be safe and well-treatable in the short-term and long-term. However, we are not able to draw conclusions about whether Tai Chi is more or less effective than other types of treatment for COPD in terms of reducing dyspnoea (shortness of breath) and lung function. We are not sure if Tai Chi has an impact on the number of times a person can walk in a six-minute walk and on the amount of time it takes to reach the end of the walk. We cannot be sure that Tai Chi improves exercise capacity, balance and muscle strength, nor can we be sure if it has an effect on the length of time a person needs to be able to do a full range of exercise. No adverse events were found. The quality of evidence of the outcomes ranged from very low to moderate.
We found 72 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that involved 2470 people with stroke who had been in hospital for at least six months. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. We found that the use of a range of devices (e.g. computers, video games, and games) was used to improve the function of the upper limb (the arm and leg) and to increase the amount of time that people could do things that they could do. We did not find evidence that any of the devices were better than any other in terms of the effect on upper limb function, gait speed, balance, or quality of life. However, we found that when they were used in addition to the usual care (providing a higher dose of therapy for those in the intervention group) there was a difference between the groups. We were not able to draw conclusions about the effect of using these types of devices on the speed at which people can walk, the amount that they can do, or the number of hours that people can do a task at a time. The risk of bias in many of the RCTs was due to poor reporting of the methods used in the trials. This review found that time since onset of stroke, the severity of the stroke, and the type of device used were not strong influences on the results. There was a trend to a trend for a greater dose (more than 15 hours of total intervention) of the device used in some of the studies, as were customised programmes, but the size and quality of the results were not large.
We found five RCTs (1330 adults and children) that compared fluoroquinolones with either ethambutol or isoniazid in the first-line treatment for drug-sensitive TB. Three trials (723 adults) added fluoroxacin to standard regimens of rifampicin and pyrazinamide. One RCT (174 adults) also added levofloxacins to the standard regimen. None of the trials looked at treatment failure. Relapse and treatment failure were not reported. For death, sputum conversion, and adverse events we do not know if there is an effect from the use of fluoroquolones in the treatment of drug-based TB. For relapse, we are not sure if there was an effect (one trial, 170 adults, very low risk of bias). No studies looked at whether the treatment was stopped because of side effects. Fluorozapine (fluorocarbonate of citric acid) was used in one trial (433 adults) to add to the regimens. No trial looked at the effects of adding fluorazepine to the treatment. Treatment failure and relapse were not assessed in this trial. There is low- to very low-risk of bias for all three of the outcomes. There may be little or no difference in the risk of death or relapse between those who took fluorozepine and those who did not, but it is not clear from the evidence whether there is a risk of side-effects. Six trials are currently in progress testing shorter regimens (four months or less) of treatment with fewer than six months of follow-up.
