This review of 38 studies involving 7843 children found that asthma education can reduce the number of children and their parents who visit the emergency department and hospital for acute exacerbations of asthma. There was no difference between education and no education. There were also fewer unscheduled doctor visits and fewer emergency department visits. However, there was not enough information to be sure of the effect of education on other markers of asthma morbidity such as quality of life and lung function.
We included 130 studies with 8341 participants. We did not stratify the main analysis by type of surgery or any other factor, such as dose or timing of ketamine administration, and used a non-stratified analysis. Ketamine was given to 4588 participants and 3753 participants served as controls. Racemic ketamine bolus doses were predominantly 0.25 mg to 1 mg, and infusions 2 to 5 µg/kg/minute; 10 studies used only S-ketamine and one only R- ketamine. Most studies had fewer than 50 participants per treatment arm, resulting in high heterogeneity, as expected, for most analyses. Types of surgery included ear, nose or throat surgery, wisdom tooth extraction, thoracotomy, lumbar fusion surgery, microdiscectomy, hip joint replacement surgery, knee joint replacement operations, anterior cruciate ligament repair, knee arthroscopy, mastectomy, haemorrhoidectomy, abdominal surgery, radical prostatectomies, thyroid surgery, elective caesarean section, and laparoscopic surgery. We found that ketamine reduced pain at rest, pain during movement, and nausea after surgery. Pain was reduced at 24 hours, and at 48 hours by 5/100 mm on a visual analogue scale (high-quality evidence). Pain during movement was reduced by 14% and 16% at 24 and 48 hours, respectively. Pain at rest and nausea were reduced by 19% and 22%, respectively, at 48 and 24 hours after surgery, and by 5 and 24 mm, respectively, after 48 hours of operation. Pain increased the time for the first postoperative analgesic request by 54 minutes, from a mean of 39 minutes with placebo, and reduced the area of postoperative hyperalgesia by 7 cm² compared with placebo. There was no difference when nitrous oxide was used. Overall, 187/3614 (5%) participants receiving ketamine and 122/2924 (4%) receiving control treatment experienced an adverse event (RR 1.2, 95% CI 0.95 to 1.4; 105 studies, 6538 participants). We downgraded the quality of the evidence once if numbers of participants were large but small-study effects were present, or twice if numbers were small and small study effects likely but testing not possible.
We found five trials of MSP/RESA vaccine in 217 children aged five to nine years in Papua New Guinea. One small efficacy trial with 17 non-immune participants with blood-stage parasites showed no reduction or delay in parasite growth rates after artificial challenge. In the second efficacy trial in 120 children aged between five and nine years, episodes of clinical malaria were not reduced, but the vaccine significantly reduced parasite density only in children who had not been pretreated with an antimalarial drug (sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine). Infections with the 3D7 parasite subtype (the variant included in the vaccine) were reduced (719 participants) while those with the other main subtype, FC27, were not (720 participants). The effect of the vaccine is MSP2 variant-specific. Pretreatment for malaria during a vaccine trial makes the results difficult to interpret, particularly with the relatively small sample sizes of early trials.
This review included four studies, involving 125 participants. Three studies evaluated the effects of pulsed electromagnetic fields and one study, capacitive coupled electric fields. Participants with delayed union and non-union of the long bones were included, but most data related to non-unification of the tibia. Although all studies were blinded randomised placebo-controlled trials, each study had limitations. The primary measure of the clinical effectiveness of electromagnetic field stimulation was the proportion of participants whose fractures had united at a fixed time point. The overall pooled effect size was small and not statistically significant (risk ratio 1.96; 95% confidence interval 0.86 to 4.48; 4 trials). There was substantial clinical and statistical heterogeneity in this pooled analysis (I2 = 58%). A pooled analysis conducted to determine the effect of multiple follow-up time-points on the heterogeneity amongst the studies showed that the effect size remained non-significant at 24 weeks. There was no reduction in pain found in two trials. No study reported functional outcome measures. One trial reported two minor complications resulting from treatment. More definitive conclusions on treatment effect await further well-conducted randomised controlled trials.
We included 12 randomised controlled trials with a total of 1831 participants. Nine trials included patients undergoing elective laparoscopic cholecystectomy exclusively. One trial included patients who were undergoing a laparoscopy for the first time. The average age of participants in the trials ranged between 48 years and 63 years in the 10 trials that provided this information. The proportion of females ranged between 55.0% and 79.0%. There was no significant difference between the drain group (1/840) and the 'no drain' group (2/841) (0.2%) (RR 0.41; 95% CI 0.04 to 4.37) in short-term mortality in the ten trials with 1681 participants reporting on this outcome. There were no significant differences in the proportion of patients who developed serious adverse events in each group reported by eight trials with 1286 participants; drain (12/646) (adjusted rate: 1.5 events per 100 participants) versus no drain (6/640). The number of serious side effects was similar in the drain and no drain groups in the seven trials with 1143 participants reporting this outcome (RR 2.12; 95%. CI 2.67 to 7.40) or in the number of major side effects (RR 1.9; 95%). There was a significant difference in the length of hospital stay between the two groups (five trials; 449 participants; MD 0.22 days; 95.06 days to 0.51 days). The operating time was significantly longer in both groups (seven trials; 775 participants) (RR 5.00 minutes versus 7.30 minutes). The quality of life was not significantly different between the groups (one trial; 93 participants; SMD 0.21; 95%) and there was no difference in return to normal activity and return to work in one trial involving 100 participants. This trial did not provide any information from which the standard deviation could be imputed and so the confidence intervals could not be calculated for these outcomes. There is currently no evidence to support the routine use of drain after the routine operation of laparoscope to remove the gallbladder. Further well designed randomised clinical trials are necessary.
This review included 39 randomised controlled trials involving 3639 participants. All trials were conducted and published in China. Thirty-eight different herbal medicines were tested in these trials, including four single herbs (extracts from a single herb), eight traditional Chinese patent medicines, and 26 self concocted Chinese herbal compound prescriptions. The trials reported on global symptom improvement (including improvement in numbness or pain) and changes in nerve conduction velocity. There was inadequate reporting on adverse events in the included trials. Eighteen trials found no adverse events. Two trials reported adverse events: adverse events occurred in the control group in one trial, and in the other it was unclear in which group the adverse events happened. 29 trials did not mention whether they monitored side effects. Conclusions cannot be drawn from this review about the safety of herbal medicines, due to inadequate reporting. Most of the trials were of very low methodological quality and therefore the interpretation of any positive findings for the efficacy of the included Chinese herbal medicines for treating diabetic peripheral neuropathy should be made with caution. No well-designed, randomised, placebo controlled trial with objective outcome measures has been conducted.
We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing IAS versus CAS in 1382 patients with advanced (T3 or T4) prostate cancer. The trials were of short duration and did not assess disease-specific survival or metastatic disease. Only one study (77 patients) evaluated biochemical outcomes. This study found no significant differences in biochemical progression (defined by the authors as PSA ≥ 10 ng/mL) between IAS and CAS for Gleason scores 4 - 6, 7, and 8 - 10. For patients with a Gleason score of at least 6, IAS may have slightly reduced biochemical progression, with the exception of impotence, which was significantly lower in the IAS group (RR 0.72, 95% CI 0.56 to 0.92, P = 0.008). One trial (43 patients) found no difference in adverse effects (gastrointestinal, gynecomastia and asthenia) between CAS (two events) and IAS (five events). Overall, CAS was also as effective as IAS for potency, but was superior during the interval of cycles (96%). Data from RCTs compared IAS to CAS are limited by small sample size and short duration. There are no data for the relative effectiveness of IAS compared to CAS for overall survival, prostate cancer-specific or disease progression, or adverse events. Limited information suggests IAS might have slightly lower adverse events, but there is not enough information to be sure.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials involving 7,119 women. Five trials randomised to either immediate or delayed insertion of IUD. One of them randomised women to immediate insertion of the Copper 7 was associated with a higher risk of expulsion than was delayed insertion. Another trial randomising women to the levonorgestrel IUD or Nova T showed discontinuation rates due to pregnancy were likely to be higher for women in the Nova T group. In other work, adding copper sleeves to the Lippes Loop improved efficacy (RR 3.40, 95% CI 1.28 to 9.04, 1 study, 400 participants) and reduced expulsion. In the meta-analysis of two multicentre trials, pregnancy was less likely for the TCu 220C versus the TCU 220C as was expulsion as was in the two studies, 2,274 participants respectively. In conclusion, insertion of an IUD immediately after abortion is safe and practical. IUD expulsion rates appear higher immediately after abortions. However, at six months postabortion, IUD use is higher following immediate insertion.
We found only one small randomised controlled trial published as an abstract article. Ninety-one participants enrolled in the study, but only 42 participants remained in the trial throughout the six-month follow-up period and were eligible for analysis. There was no information provided about the average age and sex of the study population. The included study investigated the effects of meditation practice on patients newly hospitalised with acute leukaemia. As the abstract publication did not provide numbers and results except P values, we are not able to give more details. We found that meditation practice might be beneficial for the quality of life of haematologically-diseased patients, with higher scores for participants in the mediation arms compared to those in the usual care control group (low quality of evidence). Levels of depression decreased for those practising meditation in both the spiritually-framed meditation group and the secularly-focused meditation group in comparison to those usual care care group, whose levels of depression remained constant. The influence of meditation on overall survival, fatigue, anxiety, quality of sleep and adverse events remained unclear, as these outcomes were not evaluated in the included trial. We judged the overall quality of the evidence for all outcomes as'very low', due to the extent of missing data, and the small number of participants.
We identified three randomised controlled trials involving 110 healthy children who were siblings of household contacts with a case of varicella. The trials varied in study quality, vaccine used, length of follow-up and outcomes measured and, as such, were not suitable for meta-analysis. We identified high or unclear risk of bias in two of the three included studies. Overall, 13 out of 56 vaccine recipients (23%) developed varicellas compared with 42 out of 54 placebo (or no vaccine) recipients (78%). Of the vaccine recipients who developed mild disease, the majority only had mild disease (with fewer than 50 skin lesions). In the three trials, most participants received PEP within three days following exposure; too few participants were vaccinated four to five days post-exposure to ascertain the efficacy of vaccine given more than three days after exposure. No included trial reported on adverse events following immunisation. We found no studies for adolescents or adults. These small trials suggest that giving PEP vaccine to children following household contact with a Varicella case reduces infection rates and severity of cases. Safety was not adequately addressed.
We included 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 4704 participants in this review. Eleven trials performed a total of 16 head-to-head comparisons of different antibiotic regimens. There was no sufficient clinical similarity between the trials to perform a meta-analysis. The overall all-cause mortality in four trials that reported mortality was 14/1401 (1.0%) and there were no significant differences in mortality between the intervention and control groups in each of the individual comparisons. None of the trials reported quality of life, total length of hospital stay or the use of healthcare resources. There were no antibiotic-related serious adverse events in any of the 561 people randomised to the seven different antibiotics. Antibiotics were compared with no antibiotic prophylaxis in one trial. In the single trial that compared an antibiotic regimen with placebo, the proportion of people who developed SSIs was significantly lower in the group that received antibiotics with co-amoxiclav (or cefotaxime if allergic to penicillin) compared with placebo (all SSI: RR 0.26; 95% CI 0.11 to 0.65; MRSA SSIRR 0.05; 95%) in people without malignant disease undergoing percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy insertion, although this may be due to decreasing overall infection thereby preventing wounds from becoming secondarily infected with MRSA. There is currently no other evidence to suggest that using a combination of multiple antibiotics or administering antibiotics for an increased duration is of benefit to people undergoing surgery in terms of reducing MRSA infections.
We included two randomised controlled trials (116 women) comparing planned home versus hospital management for PPROM. Both trials were too small to allow us to assess whether there were differences between the two groups for pre-specified outcomes. Women were monitored for 48 to 72 hours before randomisation. There was insufficient evidence to determine whether there was a difference in the number of women who died or were admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU). There was no evidence of differences between groups for serious neonatal morbidity, chorioamnionitis, gestational age at delivery, birthweight and admission to the NICU. Women who were managed in hospital were more likely to be delivered by caesarean section. Mothers randomised to care at home spent approximately 10 fewer days as inpatients and were more satisfied with their care. Furthermore, home care was associated with reduced costs. However, results should be interpreted cautiously as there is moderate heterogeneity for this outcome (I² = 35%). The review included two relatively small studies that did not have sufficient statistical power to detect meaningful differences. Future large and adequately powered trials are required to measure differences in outcomes. Special attention should be given to maternal satisfaction with care and cost analysis as they will have social and economic implications in both developed and developing countries.
The two methods of skin closure for caesarean that have been most often compared are non-absorbable staples and absorbable subcutaneous sutures. Staples are associated with similar outcomes in terms of wound infection, pain and cosmesis, and these two are the most commonly studied methods for skin closure. However, it is important to note, that for both of these outcomes (wound infection and wound complication), staples may have a differential effect depending on the type of skin incision, i.e., Pfannenstiel or vertical. If staples are removed on day three, there is an increased risk of skin separation and the need for reclosure.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 821 participants. Seven trials examined a green tea intervention and four examined a black tea intervention. Dosage and form of both green and black tea differed between trials. The ongoing trial is examining the effects of green tea powder capsules. No studies reported cardiovascular events. Black tea was found to reduce the risk of high blood pressure, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and systolic blood pressure over six months, but only a small number of trials contributed to each analysis and studies were at risk of bias. Green tea was also found to produce statistically significant reductions in total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol and blood pressure. When both tea types were analysed together they showed favourable effects on LDL cholesterol (MD -0.64 mmol/L, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.77 to 0.52), blood pressure (SBP: MD -3.18 mmHg) and total cholesterol. Adverse events were measured in five trials and included a diagnosis of prostate cancer, hospitalisation for influenza, appendicitis and retinal detachment but these are unlikely to be directly attributable to the intervention. There are very few long-term studies to date examining green or black tea for the primary prevention of CVD. The limited evidence suggests that tea has favourable effects for CVD risk factors, but the results should be treated with some caution and further high quality trials with longer-term follow-up are needed to confirm this.
This review identified two small randomised controlled trials (23 participants) that compared azathioprine with placebo in people with chronic asthma. Participants may have been suffering from comorbid lung disease. No data on oral steroid consumption were reported. No significant differences were observed in the studies for FEV1, FVC, PaO2 and symptoms. One study reported a statistically significant difference in SGaw, but the clinical importance of this is uncertain. Due to concerns over the small sample sizes and methodological shortcomings in one study, and methods used in outcome assessment for both studies, the findings of the studies are not generalisable to the issue of steroid tapering. Large, long-term studies with pre-defined steroid reducing protocols are required before recommendations for clinical practice can be made.
This review included 56 studies with a total of 4068 participants, with the majority carried out in participants with breast cancer (28 studies). A meta-analysis of all fatigue data, incorporating 38 comparisons, provided data for 1461 participants who received an exercise intervention and 1187 control participants. At the end of the intervention period exercise was seen to be statistically more effective than the control intervention (standardised mean difference (SMD) -0.27). Benefits of exercise on fatigue were observed for interventions delivered during or post-adjuvant cancer therapy. In relation to diagnosis, we identified benefits for breast and prostate cancer but not for haematological malignancies. Finally, aerobic exercise significantly reduced fatigue but resistance training and alternative forms of exercise failed to reach significance. The findings of the updated review have enabled a more precise conclusion to be made in that aerobic exercise can be regarded as beneficial for individuals with cancer-related fatigue during and post-cancer therapy, specifically those with solid tumours. Further research is required to determine the optimal type, intensity and timing of exercise.
We found five randomised controlled trials with 3427 participants. These trials included only adults (16 to 65 years of age). The trials were co-ordinated in Germany, Italy, Belgium and the Netherlands. All trials reported results for OS and progression-free survival (PFS). In contrast to the our first published review (2011) the addition of results from the EORTC 20012 BEACOPP escalated increases OS (3142 participants; high-quality evidence). This means that only 90 (70 to 117) patients will die after five years in the escalated arm compared to 120 in the ABVD arm. This survival advantage is also reflected in an increased PFS (3 142 participants; moderate-quality effect), meaning that only 144 (121 to 168) patients would experience a progress, relapse or death in the beacopP escalated arm. There is no evidence for a difference for treatment-related mortality (2700 participants; low-quality quality evidence). Although the occurrence of MDS or AML may increase (3332 participants), there is no difference between both regimens for overall secondary malignancies. We are very uncertain how many female patients will be infertile due to chemotherapy and which arm might be favoured. This is a very small sample, and the age of the patients was not detailed. No analysis of male fertility was provided. Five trials reported adverse events and the analysis shows that the escalated regimens probably causes more haematological toxicities WHO grade III or IV ((anaemia: 2425 participants, RR 10.67 (95% CI 7.14 to 15.93); neutropenia: 519 participants,RR 1.52 to 2.13); thrombocytopenia (a blood clot in the blood); infections): 2425 patients, RR 18.12 (95%) compared to 2425 infections: RR 3.73 (95%). We are uncertain about the effect on quality of life, however, no results were reported. The overall risk of bias was low for overall survival (OS), but was high for other outcomes, as therapy blinding was not feasible. The remaining 'Risk of bias' domains were low and unclear. This meta-analysis provides moderate- to high quality evidence that adult patients between 16 and 60 years with early unfavourable and advanced stage HL benefit regarding OS and PFS. However, the observation time of the studies included in the review is too short to be expected to demonstrate differences with respect to second solid tumours which would not be expected until around 15 years after treatment.
We found 15 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 1835 cancer patients. All included studies were conducted in high income countries and most studies were aimed at breast cancer patients (seven trials) or prostate cancer (two trials). Two studies involved psycho-educational interventions including patient education and teaching self-care behaviours. We found low quality evidence that there is no difference in the effect of these interventions compared to care as usual on quality of life (standardised mean difference (SMD) 0.05, 95% CI -0.2 to 0.3, n = 260 patients). We did not find any studies on vocational interventions. In one study women with breast cancer were offered a physical training programme. Low quality evidence suggested that physical training was not more effective in improving RTW (RR 1.20, 95. CI 0.32 to 4.54). Five studies involved multidisciplinary interventions in which vocational counselling, patient education, patient counselling, biofeedback-assisted behavioral training and/or physical exercises were combined. Moderate quality evidence showed that multi-disciplinary interventions involving physical, psychological, psychological and/ or vocational components led to higher RTW rates than care as normal. We also found no differences in the effects of multidisdisciplinary interventions. We judged six studies to be at high risk of bias and nine to have a low risk.
We found four randomised controlled trials involving more than 13,000 women who were in labour. Three trials were funded by the hospitals where the trials took place and one trial was funded by a Scottish government. No declarations of interest were made in two trials; the remaining two trials did not mention any conflicts of interest. Overall, the studies were assessed as low risk of bias. There was no clear difference in the average treatment effect across included trials between women allocated to admission CTG and women given intermittent auscultation in instrumental vaginal birth (4 trials, 11,338 women, I² = 38%) and perinatal mortality rate (1 trial, 8056 infants; low quality evidence). There were no differences between groups in other secondary outcome measures including incidence and severity of hypoxic ischaemic encephalopathy (incidence only reported) and incidence of seizures in the neonatal period (low quality evidence) and there were no data reported for severe neurodevelopmental disability assessed at greater than, or equal to, 12 months of age. Women allocated to CTG had, on average, higher rates of continuous electronic fetal monitoring during labour (3 trials, 10,753 women) and fetal blood sampling during labour. Women were also more likely to have a caesarean section than women who received intermittent CTG. The results of this review support recommendations that CTG should not be used for women who are low risk on admission in labour, and that women should be informed that the use of CTG is likely associated with an increase in the incidence of caesarian section without evidence of benefit. However, an absence of benefit and likely harm associated with CTG will have relevance for countries where questions are being asked about the role of the CTG in the treatment of low-risk women. The usefulness of the findings for developing countries will depend on FHR monitoring practices.
We included 32 studies in this review. Seventeen studies randomised 3666 women (total 3666), three randomised cycles (total 1018) and twelve randomised oocytes (over 15,230). It was not possible to pool any of the data because each study compared different culture media. Only seven studies reported live birth or ongoing pregnancy. Four of these studies found no evidence of a difference between the media compared, for either day three or day five embryo transfer. The data from the fifth study did not appear reliable. Six studies reported clinical pregnancy rate. One of these found a difference, suggesting that for cleavage-stage embryo transfer, Quinn's Advantage was associated with higher clinical pregnancy rates than G5. This study was available only as an abstract and the quality of the evidence was low. With regards to adverse effects, three studies reported multiple pregnancies and six studies reported miscarriage. None of the studies reported on the health of offspring. Most studies (22/32) failed to report their source of funding and none described their methodology in adequate detail. We conclude that there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of any specific culture medium. The overall quality of evidence was rated as very low for nearly all comparisons, the main limitations being imprecision and poor reporting of study methods.
The review authors searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of methods of communicating a diagnosis of breast cancer to women who were waiting to find out if they had been diagnosed with breast cancer. There were no randomised trials in this area. The authors have considered the possible reasons for the lack of research studies and have considered that it is perhaps unethical to randomise women at such a vulnerable time such as waiting for a diagnosis. The design of ethically research to examine this topic needs to be explored to inform future practice. As some papers reviewed by the authors related to the first consultation visit, where treatment options are discussed, perhaps a review which focused on the methods of communication at the first consultative visit would provide more reliable evidence for the effectiveness of communication and overcome the ethical dilemmas.
We included 17 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 1006 participants in this review. We found that psychological interventions reduced the number of people reporting chest pain in the first three months after the intervention. There was also a significant increase in number of chest pain-free days up to three months following the intervention: mean difference (MD) 3.00 (95% CI 0.23 to 5.77). This was associated with reduced chest pain frequency (random-effects MD -2.26, 95% CI -4.41 to -0.12) but there was no evidence of effect of treatment on frequency from three to 12 months. The evidence for other brief interventions was less clear. Due to the nature of the main interventions of interest, it was impossible to blind the therapists as to whether the participant was in the intervention or control arm. In addition, in three studies the blinding of participants was expressly forbidden by the local ethics committee because of issues in obtaining fully informed consent. For this reason, all studies had a high risk of performance bias. In general, there was a low risk of bias in the other domains. However, there were too few participants in the studies to be sure of the results.
We identified 30 randomised controlled trials (RCTs), with a total of 4344 participants, comparing 17 different antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers with each other or with placebo (dummy treatment). The most common comparison was azelastine versus placebo (nine studies). The quality of the studies and reporting was variable, but overall the risk of bias was low. Trials evaluated only short-term effects, with a range of treatment of one to eight weeks. There were no reported serious adverse events related to the use of topical antihistamine and mast stabilisers treatment. There was some evidence to support that topical antihirsutants and mast cells reduce symptoms and signs of seasonal allergic conjunctivitis when compared with placebo in the short term. However, there is no long-term data on their efficacy. We observed a large variability in the results of the trials, and poor quality of reporting made it difficult to combine the results. Overall, the evidence is current to May 2016.
Two studies met all of the eligibility criteria for inclusion within the review and a third was identified as ongoing. The two included studies employed multi-component community-based interventions tailored to the specific cultural aspects of the population and were based in Native American populations (1505 participants in total). No difference was observed in weekly smoking at 42 months follow-up in the one study assessing this outcome (skills-community group versus control: risk ratio [RR] 0.95, 95% CI 0.78 to 1.14; skills-only group compared to control: RR 0.86, 95%) and smokeless tobacco use, no difference was found between the skills-community arm and the control group at 42 weeks. However, there was a significant difference in the number of children who used tobacco at six months. Whilst the second study found positive changes for tobacco use in the intervention arm at post test (p < 0.05), this was not maintained at six month follow up (change score -0.11 for intervention and 0.07 for control). Both studies were rated as high or unclear risk of bias in seven or more domains (out of a total of 10). Based on the available evidence, a conclusion cannot be drawn as to the efficacy of tobacco prevention initiatives tailored for Indigenous youth. This review highlights the paucity of data and the need for more research in this area.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) comparing prophylactic versus selective blood transfusion to pregnant women with sickle cell anaemia (HbSS). We found only one small trial involving 72 women with HbSS. The trial was at unclear risk of bias. The included trial reported no maternal mortality occurring in women who received either pre-dummy blood or selective blood. However, there were few events for most of the reported outcomes and the results were generally imprecise. Very low-quality evidence indicated no clear differences in maternal mortality, perinatal mortality (risk ratio (RR) 2.85, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.61 to 13.22) or markers of severe maternal morbidity (pulmonary embolism (no events), congestive cardiac failure (very low quality evidence), acute chest syndrome (low quality evidence) and haemolytic crises) between the treatment groups (prophylactics versus selective transfusions, one trial, 72 women). Low- quality evidence indicated that prophyleptic blood transfusions reduced the risk of pain crisis compared with selective transfusion, and no differences in the occurrence of acute splenic sequestration (high quality evidence). Low quality evidence showed no differences between the comparison groups in the number of women who had haemorrhage, delayed blood transfuse reaction or delayed blood clotting. Other relevant maternal outcomes pre-specified for this review such as cumulative duration of hospital stay, postpartum haemory and iron overload, and infant outcomes, admission to neonatal intensive care unit (NICU), admission to the neonatal unit (nurse-assisted resuscitation unit) and bleeding in the newborn, were not reported by the trial. The available data and quality of evidence on this subject are insufficient to advocate for a change in existing clinical practice and policy. Currently, there is no evidence to provide reliable advice on the optimal blood transfused policy for women with other variants of sickle cells (i.e. HbSC and HbSβThal).
We found 67 randomised clinical trials involving a total of 6197 participants. A total of 5771 participants from 64 trials provided data for one or more outcomes included in this review. There was no evidence of differences in most of the comparisons, and where there was, these differences were in single trials, mostly of small sample size. Of the primary outcomes, the only one with evidence of a difference from more than one trial under the pair-wise comparison was in the number of adverse events (complications), which was higher with radiofrequency dissecting sealer than with the clamp-crush method (very low-quality evidence). Among the secondary outcomes, we found the following: blood transfusion (proportion) was higher in the low central venous pressure group than in the acute normovolemic haemodilution plus low central vein pressure group (low- quality evidence); blood transfusions quantity (red blood cells) was lower with fibrin sealant than control; blood transfused quantity (fresh frozen plasma) were higher with oxidised cellulose; and blood loss, total hospital stay, and operating time were lower with low central Venous pressure than with control. None of the trials reported health-related quality of life or time needed to return to work. Paucity of data meant that we could not assess transitivity assumptions and inconsistency for most analyses. When direct and indirect comparisons were available, network meta-analysis provided additional effect estimates for comparisons where there were no direct comparisons. However, the paucity and imprecise nature of the evidence decreases the confidence in the results.
Twenty-three randomised controlled trials involving 724 people were included. There is evidence supporting the use of systemic retinoids (improvement rate difference 44%, 95 CI 28 to 59%), oral PUVA and retinoid combination (improvements of 44%) and topical PUVA. However, there is no evidence to suggest that short-term treatment with hydroxycarbamide (hydroxyurea) is effective. The use of topical steroid under hydrocolloid occlusion is beneficial. It would also appear that low dose ciclosporin, tetracycline antibiotics and Grenz Ray Therapy may be useful in treating PPP. Colchicine has a lot of side effects and it is unclear if it is effective and neither was topical PUva (rate difference of 0.00, 95% CI 0.04 to +0.04). There was no evidence for short term treatment with hydroxycarbamide. Many different interventions were reported to produce "improvement" in PPP, however, no standardised method for assessing response to treatment, and reductions in pustule counts or other empirical semi-quantitative scoring systems may be of little relevance to the patient. This review has shown that the ideal treatment for PPP remains elusive and that the standards of study design and reporting need to be improved.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing five drugs within the loop diuretic class (furosemide 40 mg to 60 mg, cicletanine 100 mg to 150 mg, piretanide 3 mg to 6 mg, indacrinone enantiomer -2.5 mg to -10.0/+80 mg, and etozolin 200 mg) in 460 people with baseline blood pressure of 162/103 mmHg for a mean duration of 8.8 weeks. Withdrawals due to adverse effects and serum biochemical changes did not show a significant difference. The best estimate of systolic/diastolic blood pressure-lowering effect of loop diuresis was -7.9 (-10.4 to -5.4) mmHG/ -4.4 (-5.9 to 2.8) mm Hg, which is likely an overestimate. The quality of the evidence was low due to the short duration of the trials and the lack of reporting of adverse effects.
We included 58 randomised controlled trials with 2849 participants. Most trials included only low anaesthetic risk people undergoing elective laparoscopic cholecystectomy. There were considerable differences in the methods of local anaesthetic instillation including the location (subdiaphragmatic, gallbladder bed, or both locations) and timing (before or after the removal of gallbladders) between the trials. There was no mortality in either group in the eight trials that reported mortality (0/236 (0%) versus 0/210 (0) in the control group; very low quality evidence). One participant experienced the outcome of serious morbidity (eight trials; 446 participants; 0.4%) in the local anaesthetist group versus 0.0/210 group; RR 3.00; 95% CI 0.13 to 67.06). Although the remaining trials did not report the overall morbidity, three trials (190 participants) reported that there were no intra-operative complications. Twenty trials reported no serious adverse events in any of the 715 participants. None of the trials reported participant quality of life, return to normal activity, or return to work. The number of participants discharged as day surgery between the two groups was imprecise and compatible with benefit and no difference of intervention (three trials; 242 participants; 89/160 (adjusted proportion 61.0%) compared with 40/82 (48.8%) in control group). The average length of hospital stay was 0.04 days (five trials; 335 participants). The pain scores as measured by the visual analogue scale (VAS) were significantly lower at four to eight hours (32 trials; 2020 participants) and at nine to 24 hours (29 trials; 1787 participants; MD -0.53 cm; 95%). Pain scores at four and 24 hours were also significantly lower (30 trials; 1800 participants). There were no serious side effects. Serious side effects were rare in the studies. Local anaesthetic intraperitoneal instillation was the most commonly used local anesthetic agent in the trials, bupivacaine in the liquid form. The quality of the evidence was very low due to the small number of trials and small numbers of participants in the included studies. The evidence is current to May 2016.
We identified 74 studies with a total of 4,965 participants. The studies were conducted in Africa, Asia, Latin America, Europe, and the USA. The results of this review are up-to-date as of May 2016. We found that the sensitivity and specificity of the blood tests were similar across the different antigens tested, but there were differences between them in terms of sensitivity, specificity, and number of false positives. The number of people wrongly diagnosed with P. falciparum would be 34 with Type 1 tests, and nine with Type 4 tests. If the point estimates for Type 1 and Type 4 are applied to a hypothetical cohort of 1000 patients where 30% of those presenting with symptoms were wrongly diagnosed, Type 1 blood tests will miss 16 cases. Type 4 blood tests would miss 26 cases. We also found that pLDH antibody-based blood tests (such as the Type 4 and Type 5 tests) tended to be more sensitive and were less specific, but the differences were small. Overall, the quality of the studies was poor, and results did not seem to be influenced by the reporting quality.
We found five randomised controlled trials that tested short-term changes in the consultation time allocated to each patient. All were conducted in the UK. We are uncertain whether altering appointment length increases primary care consultation length, number of referrals and investigations, prescriptions, or patient satisfaction based on very low-certainty evidence. We did not find sufficient evidence to support or refute a policy of altering the length of primary care physicians' consultations. It is possible that these findings may change if high-quality trials are reported in the future. Further trials are needed that focus on health outcomes and cost-effectiveness.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared high dose versus low dose stavudine in people with HIV/AIDS. We found three trials (Milinkovic 2007, McComsey 2008 and Sanchez-Conde 2005) that met our inclusion criteria. All three trials were conducted in developed countries, participants were ART experienced and all had sustained virologic suppression at baseline. A total of 157 participants were recruited to the trials. The number of participants ranged from 24 to 92 and more than 79% of participants were male. The studies were at a high risk of bias due to the way they were designed, conducted and reported. There was no significant difference between the high dose and low dose groups in the results of the studies. However, there were differences in body mass index (body fat) and triglycerides (a type of protein found in the blood) between the groups. Symptomatic hyperlactatemia was not seen in any participants in the Milinkovic 2008 study and not reported on in the Sanchez Conde 2005 study. The high dose group showed a reduction in bone mineral density (BMD), reduction in limb fat and an increase in triglycerides in high dose arms. The results did not indicate that any participants discontinued treatment due to adverse events. Individual results from the trials were imprecise and have not identified a clear advantage between low and high dose. The trials were all conducted in the developed world and none reported from developing countries. Therefore, the results cannot be generalised to settings where high dose is currently used in ART naive patients with high viral loads.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials with 1658 participants. Six of the trials included recruitment manoeuvres as part of an open lung ventilation strategy that was different from control ventilation in aspects other than the recruitment manoeuvre (such as mode of ventilation, higher positive end-expiratory pressure (PEEP) titration and lower tidal volume or plateau pressure). Six studies reported mortality outcomes. Pooled data from five trials (1370 participants) showed a reduction in intensive care unit (ICU) mortality without increasing the risk of barotrauma but had no effect on 28-day and hospital mortality. Five trials (1450 participants) did not show a difference in the number of people who died in the ICU or in the hospital, and pooled data (1313 participants) also showed no difference in in-hospital mortality. Data from seven trials (1508 participants) revealed no differences in risk of death from any cause. We rated the quality of the evidence to be low, as most of the included trials provided co-interventions such as higher PEEP, different modes of ventilation and higher plateau pressure, making interpretation of the results difficult.
Fifteen studies, involving 687 participants, were included in the review. Three studies measured our primary outcome but individually did not report significant differences between treatment and control. The use of 'as needed' medications was reduced in two studies, (47 patients), by relaxation therapy. Quality of life, measured using the Asthma Quality of Life Questionnaire, showed a positive effect following CBT (WMD 0.71, CI 0.23 to 1.19). Peak Expiratory Flow outcome data indicated a significant difference in favour of bio-feedback therapy but no significant difference following relaxation therapy, There was no statistically significant improvement in depression after relaxation therapy (SMD 0.17, CI -0.25 to 0.59). The remainder of the findings between studies were conflicting. This may have been due to the different types of interventions used and the deficiencies in trial design. This review was unable to draw firm conclusions for the role of psychological interventions in asthma due to an insufficient evidence base. Larger, well-conducted and reported randomised trials are required in this area, in order to determine the effects of these techniques in the treatment of asthma in adults.
We found 35 studies, including 6785 participants, comparing antidepressants and benzodiazepines in people with panic disorder. We found low-quality evidence that there was no difference in the number of people who responded to treatment compared to people who did not respond to treatment. We also found low to very low quality evidence that showed no difference between the two drugs in terms of dropouts due to any cause. We did find some evidence that serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) are better tolerated than TCAs (when looking at adverse effects). We did not find any evidence that individual SSRIs or TCAs were better or worse than each other. The majority of studies did not report details on random sequence generation and allocation concealment; similarly, no details were provided about strategies to ensure blinding. The study protocol was not available for almost all studies so it is difficult to make a judgment on the possibility of outcome reporting bias. Information on adverse effects was very limited. Data from the present review will be included in a network meta-analysis of psychopharmacological treatment in panic disorder, which will hopefully provide further useful information on this issue. In general, based on the results of the current review, the possible role of antidepressants in the treatment of panic disorder should be assessed by the clinician on an individual basis. The choice of which antidepressant and/or benzodiazine is prescribed can not be made on the basis of this review only, and should be based on evidence of efficacy and tolerability, including data from placebo-controlled studies, as a whole. The present review highlights the need for further higher-quality studies, which should be conducted with high-methodological standards and including pragmatic outcome measures to provide clinicians with useful and practical data.
This review included 29 randomised controlled trials with a total of over 1,700 participants with pancreatic carcinoma. Three studies compared plastic stents to surgery. One study compared metal stent to surgery and reported lower costs and better quality-of-life with metal stents. There was no significant difference in risk of technical failure, therapeutic failure, complications or 30-day mortality by meta-analysis. Metal stents were associated with a lower risk of recurrent biliary obstruction than plastic stent. There were no significant differences in the number of patients who died at 30 days after surgery. The addition of an anti-reflux valve improved the patency of Teflon stents in one study. There is insufficient evidence to determine which type of stent is best for patients with jaundice due to pancreatic cancer.
We found five randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared ultrasound guidance for arterial line cannulation with other types of guidance. Four studies compared ultrasound with palpation, and one with Doppler auditory assistance. We found that ultrasound guidance produces superior success rates at first attempt and fewer complications, such as haematoma formation, at the first attempt. We also found improved success rates within two attempts and decreased the rate of complications at the second attempt with ultrasound guidance compared with other methods. We did not find any evidence of a difference between ultrasound and other methods of guidance for the first and second attempts. The results suggest, but do not confirm, that a possible advantage of ultrasound guidance over other techniques is more pronounced in infants and small children than in older children. Similarly, our results suggest the possibility of a positive influence of expertise in the use of ultrasound on first attempt success rate. No studies reported data about ischaemic damage. We rated the quality of evidence for all outcomes as moderate owing to imprecision due to wide confidence intervals, modest sample sizes and limited numbers of events.
We found one small study (80 male student participants conducted in the Netherlands and published in 2009) and three ITS studies (general population studies in Canadian provinces in the 1970s and 80s) that evaluated the implementation of an advertising ban and one study evaluated the lifting of such a ban. Two of the ITS studies evaluated a total ban on all forms of alcohol advertising compared with no restrictions or no restrictions during the control period. The results from the studies were inconsistent. One study found that young men exposed to movies with a low-alcohol content drank less than men who were exposed to films with a high alcohol content (very-low-quality evidence). This finding is consistent with an increase, no difference, or a decrease in alcohol consumption in the general population. In the study evaluating a partial ban on spirits advertising only, which utilised an Abrupt Auto-regressive Integrated Moving Average model, the volume of alcohol sales decreased by 11.11 kilolitres (95% CI -27.56, 5.34; 0.19) per month after the ban was lifted. In this model, beer and wine sales increased per month by 14.89 and 1.15 kilolitre, respectively, and spirits sales decreased statistically significantly. No other prespecified outcomes (including economic loss or hardship due to decreased alcohol sales) were addressed in the included studies and no adverse effects were reported in any of the studies. The quality of the evidence was very low due to a lack of randomisation and imprecision in the results.
We found eight randomised controlled trials with a total of 182 infants. There was no evidence of difference between MCT and LCT in short-term growth, gastrointestinal intolerance, or necrotizing enterocolitis. There were conflicting data (two studies) as to formula tolerance, based on small numbers in two trials. There is no evidence that either formula is better or worse than the other in the long-term. However, the results from the included eight studies are imprecise due to small numbers and do not address important outcomes. Further research should aim to clarify effects on formula tolerance and on long- term growth and neurodevelopmental outcomes and include larger study populations.
We found one small study with 34 women with chorioamnionitis. Transcervical amnioinfusion was with room temperature saline at 10 mL per minute for 60 minutes, then 3 mL at a rate of 3 mL every minute until delivery, compared with no amnion. All women received intrauterine pressure catheter, acetaminophen and antibiotics (ampicillin or, if receiving Group B beta streptococcal prophylaxis, penicillin and gentamycin). We did not identify any trials that used transabdominal amniol. The trial was considered to be at a high risk of bias overall, due to small numbers, inconsistency in the reporting and lack of information on blinding. There was no clear difference in the incidence of postpartum endometritis, neonatal infection or caesarean section between the two groups, nor in the duration of hospitalisation. The study did not report on this review's other primary outcomes of interest, such as the number of babies who had a low Apgar score at five minutes after birth. Women in the amnial group had a lower temperature at delivery compared to women in the control group, but this outcome was not pre-specified in the protocol for this review. The majority of this study's secondary outcomes were not reported in the included study. There is insufficient evidence to fully evaluate the effectiveness of using transcervical Amniol for chorioaminionitis and to assess the safety of this intervention or women’s satisfaction.
We found three studies with a total of 1620 participants. The Mini-Cog was compared to other cognitive screening tests in a variety of community settings. There were no differences between the studies in terms of the sensitivity or specificity of the test. There was also no difference in the number of participants in each study. The studies were of poor quality and the methods used to select the participants were not well-designed. We were unable to combine the results of the studies because of the small number of studies and the differences in the way the studies were conducted. We do not have enough evidence to recommend or against the use of this test as a cognitive screening test in community settings for people with dementia.
We included 19 studies with 2521 participants; most were middle-aged (35.3 years), Caucasian males (57.2%), with a combined type of ADHD (78.8%). Eighteen studies were conducted in the USA, and one study was conducted in both Canada and the USA. We found no studies that had low risk of bias, mainly because amphetamines have powerful subjective effects that may reveal the assigned treatment, but also because we noted attrition bias, and because we could not rule out the possibility of a carry-over effect in studies that used a cross-over design. Sixteen studies were funded by the pharmaceutical industry, one was publicly funded, and two studies did not report their funding sources. Most studies had short-term follow-up and a mean study length of 5.3 weeks. All studies were placebo-controlled, and three also included an active comparator: guanfacine, modafinil, or paroxetine. The average age of the participants in the studies was 35.5 years, and the average duration of the study was five years. We did not find any evidence to suggest that dexamphetamine reduced the severity of ADHD symptoms as rated by clinicians. However, we did find evidence that lisdexamfetamine and MAS were more effective than dexamphetamine in reducing ADHD symptoms. In addition, we found evidence that MAS was more effective in reducing the severity and duration of adverse events. The quality of the evidence was low to very low, mainly due to the small number of studies and small numbers of participants.
We included 10 studies with 811 participants. The studies were heterogeneous with regard to study quality, the chronic painful conditions that were investigated, the dose of vitamin D given, co-interventions, and the outcome measures reported. Only two studies reported responder pain outcomes; the other studies reported treatment group average outcomes only. Overall, there was no consistent pattern that vitamin D treatment was associated with greater efficacy than placebo in any chronic painful condition (low quality evidence). Adverse events and withdrawals were comparatively infrequent, with no consistent difference between vitamin D and placebo. Based on this evidence, a large beneficial effect is unlikely. Whether vitamin D can have beneficial effects in specific chronic pain conditions needs further investigation.
In this review we looked at the effectiveness of interventions to improve the performance of health professionals in managing patients with diabetes. We found 41 studies involving more than 200 practices and 48,000 patients. The studies were heterogeneous in terms of interventions, participants, settings and outcomes. In all studies the intervention strategy was multifaceted. In 12 studies the interventions were targeted at health professionals, in nine at the organisation of care, and in 20 studies they targeted both. In 15 studies patient education was added to the professional and organisational interventions. A combination of professional interventions improved process outcomes. The effect on patient outcomes remained less clear as these were rarely assessed. Arrangements for follow-up (organisational intervention) also showed a favourable effect. Multiple interventions in which patient education or in which the role of the nurse was enhanced also reported favourable effects on patients' health outcomes. Organisational interventions that improve regular prompted recall and review of patients (central computerised tracking systems or nurses who regularly contact the patient) can also improve diabetes management. Nurses can play an important role in patient-oriented interventions, through patient education and facilitating adherence to treatment.
We found five randomised controlled trials with a total of 1503 women aged 25 years and younger. The trials compared the following contraceptives: combined oral contraceptive (COC) versus transdermal contraceptive patch, vaginal contraceptive ring, or levonorgestrel intrauterine system 20 µg/day (LNG-IUS 20); LNG 12 versus LNG 16; and LNG 20 versus the copper IUD (IUD). In the trials comparing two different types of methods, the study arms did not differ significantly for contraceptive efficacy or continuation. The sample sizes were small for two of those studies. The only significant outcome was that a COC group had a higher proportion of women who discontinued for 'other personal reasons' compared with the group assigned to the LNG- IUS 20 (OR 0.27, 95% CI 0.09 to 0.85), which may have little clinic relevance. In another study, continuation was at least as high as that for the COC. In three trials that examined different LNGs, at least 75% of women continued to use them for at least six to 36 months. We considered the overall quality of evidence to be moderate to low. Limitations were due to trial design or limited reporting.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) comparing immunotherapy with inhaled steroids in people with asthma. We also looked at the effect of immunotherapy on asthma symptoms and use of asthma medications. We found that immunotherapy was effective in reducing the severity of asthma symptoms, and improving the level of hyper-reactivity in the lungs. There was no difference in the number of people who developed anaphylaxis (an allergic reaction). We also found that there was a significant reduction in the amount of asthma medication needed to prevent one person from worsening their asthma symptoms. We did not find any evidence of a difference in lung function between the two groups of people treated with immunotherapy. However, we did find that the size of the benefit is possibly comparable to inhaled steroid use. The possibility of local or systemic adverse effects (such as an allergic reaction) must be considered.
We found six randomised controlled trials with a total of 1297 patients. Five trials had a low risk of bias and one trial had an unclear risk. Mortality at day 28 was significantly reduced by lung-protective ventilation with a relative risk (RR) of 0.74 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.61 to 0.88) and hospital mortality was reduced by 0.80. The effects on long-term mortality are unknown, although the possibility of a clinically relevant benefit cannot be excluded. Ventilation with lower tidal volumes is becoming a routine strategy of treatment of acute respiratory distress syndrome and acute lung injury, stopping investigators from carrying out additional trials.
We included 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1833 participants in this review. We found that the intravenous technique of using isoflurane to provide early emergence from anaesthesia is comparable with the inhalational technique. However, we found evidence of low quality from a limited number of studies. For our primary outcomes, pooled results from two trials suggest that time to emergence from anesthetic, that is, time needed to follow verbal commands, was longer with isofol than with propofol (mean difference (MD) -3.29 minutes, 95% confidence interval (CI) -5.41 to -1.18, low-quality evidence), and time to emerge from anaesthetic was not different (MD 0.28 minutes slower) compared with sevofol. Pooled analyses for adverse events suggest lower risk of nausea and vomiting, and greater risk of haemodynamic changes (changes in blood flow to the brain) with prop ofol compared to sev oflurine (RR 1.85, 95.07 to 3.17, low quality evidence), but no differences in the risk of shivering or pain. We also found evidence for brain relaxation, but no difference in risk of tense brain (RR 0.88, 95%. 95% CI 0.67 to 1.17) when propofoline is compared to isofoline. The quality of the evidence was low because of the small number of included studies and the small numbers of participants.
We found four randomised controlled trials with a total of 15,936 hypertensive patients with no apparent prior cerebrovascular disease. The average age of the participants was 75.4 years. Mean blood pressure at entry across the studies was 171/86 mmHg. The combined result of the four trials reporting incidence of dementia indicated no significant difference between treatment and placebo (236/7767 versus 259/7660). The combined results from the three trials reporting change in Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE) did not indicate a benefit from treatment (Weighted Mean Difference (WMD) = 0.42, 95% CI 0.30, 0.53). Both systolic and diastolic blood pressure levels were reduced significantly in three trials assessing this outcome. Three trials reported adverse effects requiring discontinuation of treatment and the combined results did not show a significant difference. When analysed separately, however, more patients on placebo in Syst Eur 1997 were likely to discontinue treatment due to side effects; the converse was true in SHEP 1991. Quality of life data could not be analysed in the four studies.  Analysis of the included studies in this review was problematic as many of the control subjects received antihypertensive treatment because their blood pressures exceeded pre-set values. There is no convincing evidence from the trials identified that blood pressure lowering in late-life prevents the development of dementia or cognitive impairment in people with high blood pressure. There were significant problems identified with analysing the data, due to the number of patients lost to follow-up and the number who received active treatment. More robust results may be obtained by using individual patient data.
We included 12 randomised controlled trials with a total of 3474 patients. We found that PTCRA/PTCA did not result in a statistically significant increase in the risk of major adverse cardiac events (myocardial infarction (MI), emergency cardiac surgery or death) during the in-hospital period (RR 1.27; 95% CI 0.86 to 1.90) compared to angioplasty alone, but patients were more likely to experience vascular spasm, perforation and transient vessel occlusion. There was no evidence of the effectiveness in improving patient outcomes in non-complex lesions. In complex lesions, there were no statistically significant differences in re-stenosis rates at six months and at one year. Morphological characteristics of complex lesions have not been examined in parallel-arm randomised clinical trials. The evidence for the effectiveness of PTCra in in-stent re-stepping is unclear. Compared to the use of a balloon angiopulmonary bypass (PTCRA) with PTCA, there was not enough evidence to support the routine use of the procedure in patients with complex lesions. However, in certain circumstances (e.g. patients ineligible for cardiac surgery, those with architecturally complex lesions or those with lesions that fail PTC a) and in subsequent procedures. There is limited published evidence and no long-term data.
This review identified three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 333 children under 24 months of age with acute bronchiolitis. Two of the trials were multicentre studies with participants who had been tested for respiratory syncytial virus (RSV). The other trial enrolled participants from a hospital in Italy. All studies used 2.5 mL (1 mg/mL) of nebulised rhDNase compared with placebo (a dummy drug). Adjunctive therapy included nebulising salbutamol, steroids, supplemental oxygen, intravenous fluids or tube feeding, nasal washing, nasal decongestants and antibiotics. The results of the three included studies did not support the use of the drug in children with severe bronchioedema. In these patients, treatment did not shorten the length of hospital stay or improve clinical outcomes. There was no significant difference in adverse events between the two groups. The largest trial showed no difference in supplemental oxygen use or intensive care unit (ICU) admission. In one trial, four out of 11 patients in the treatment group had atelectasis. Two patients showed distinctive clinical improvement after the treatment. There were no significant differences in adverse effects between the treatment groups. These included temporary desaturation, temporary coughing, increased coughing, facial rash, hoarseness, dyspnoea and bad taste. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute use of this drug for the treatment of children with asthma. It might have a role in severe asthma, but further clinical studies would need to be performed.
We found two studies with a total of 181 participants. One study had a small sample size and did not adequately report method of randomisation, allocation concealment or pre-selected outcomes. The second study was a larger study with few sources of bias and good methodology. We found no significant difference in mortality between groups, with only one death occurring overall, in the totally percutaneous group (moderate-quality evidence). Only one study reported aneurysm exclusion. In this study we observed only one failure of aneurysism exclusion in the surgical cut-down femoral artery access group. No wound infections occurred in either group. There was no difference in major complication rate between the two groups, or in bleeding complications and haematoma. We did not find a difference in operating time between the groups. There were no differences in length of stay in intensive care unit (intensive treatment unit) and hospital stay, with no difference found between groups. The quality of the evidence was moderate for mortality, major complications, wound infection and long-term (six month) complications, and high quality evidence for no difference. We downgraded the quality of evidence to moderate because of the limited number of studies, low event numbers and imprecision. As the number of included studies were limited, further research into this technique would be beneficial. The search identified one ongoing study, which may provide an improved evidence base in the future.
We found two randomised controlled trials that compared the use of the sponge with the diaphragm. The sponge was less effective in both trials in preventing overall pregnancy and in reducing the number of women who had a miscarriage. Discontinuation rates at 12 months were higher with the sponge. Allergic-type reactions were more common in the sponge, although discontinuation for discomfort differed in the two trials. No new trials have been identified since the initial review. Other randomized controlled trials will be needed to resolve the potential role of spermicides in preventing sexually transmitted infections or in causing adverse effects.
The evidence is current to May 2015. We found six randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that investigated the prevention or amelioration of cognitive deficits in adults with primary or metastatic brain tumours who have been treated with cranial irradiation. Two studies investigated a pharmacological intervention (memantine and d-threo-methylphenidate HCL) compared with placebo. The first study found significant improvement in cognitive function compared to placebo, with similar adverse events across groups. The second study found no statistically significant difference between arms, with few adverse events. Both studies were limited by a small number of participants. The third study did not find an improvement in the primary cognitive outcome of overall performance, but did find improvement in an individual test of memory, compared to a placebo. No non-pharmacological interventions (medical or cognitive/behavioural) were investigated. There is supportive evidence that memantine may help prevent cognitive deficits for adults with brain metastases receiving brain irradiation, and donepezil may have a role in treating cognitive deficits. There was insufficient evidence to support the use of other non-drug interventions (drugs or cognitive and behavioural interventions) to prevent or improve cognitive deficits, or to improve cognitive function. There were a number of limitations across studies but few without high risks of bias. Further research that tries to minimise the withdrawal of consent, and reduce the requirement for imputation procedures, may offer a higher quality of evidence. Non-randomised studies appear promising but are as yet to be conclusive via translation into high quality evidence.
We found two randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 26 participants. The age range of participants was from 17 to 55 years. Both trials investigated the effectiveness of low-level laser treatment compared to placebo laser therapy on inferior alveolar sensory deficit as a result of iatrogenic injury. There was some evidence of an improvement in the subjective assessment of neurosensory deficit in the lip and chin, though the results were imprecise. No studies reported on the effects of the intervention on the remaining primary outcomes of pain, difficulty eating or speaking or taste. No study reported on quality of life or adverse events. The overall quality of the evidence was very low due to limitations in the conduct and reporting of the studies, indirectness of the results and imprecision in the results.
We found two randomised controlled trials (281 pregnancies and 282 fetuses) that met our inclusion criteria. One trial (involving 161 pregnancies) was based on women with a history of diabetes. This study showed no difference in the rate of miscarriage between the combined oestrogen and progestogen group and the no treatment group. The study did not report on this review's other primary outcomes (perinatal death or rates of preterm birth), nor on any of our proposed secondary outcomes. In terms of this review’s secondary outcomes, there was an increased risk of maternal cancer in the reproductive system in mothers, but there was no difference between groups. Similarly, there were no differences between groups for other secondary outcomes reported: low birthweight of less than 2500 g, genital abnormalities in the offspring, abnormalities other than genital tract in the children, or cancer other than that of the reproductive organ in the child. The second study (based on pregnant women who had undergone in-vitro fertilisation (IVF) in the first trial) showed no differences in the number of miscarriages between the group receiving the treatment and the control group. However, the two trials had significant clinical and methodological differences such that a meta-analysis combining trial data was considered inappropriate. We strongly recommend further research in this area.
We found fourteen studies (16 comparisons) with a total of 1364 participants. The number of participants in the intervention groups was 1364 and in the placebo groups 919. Nearly all studies were of short duration, typically 6-8 weeks. Ten studies examined TCAs, two examined SSRIs and two included both classes, all compared with placebo. Pooled estimates of efficacy data showed an RR of 1.24, 95% CI 1.11-1.38 in favour of TCAs against placebo. The numbers needed to treat (NNT) for TCAs ranged from 7 to 16 {median NNT 9} patient expected event rate ranged from 63% to 26% respectively) and for SSRI from 7.7 to 8.7 (medians NNT 7.8 and NNT 8.8). The numbers of participants who needed to harm (NNH for withdrawal due to side effects) ranged from 4 to 30 in TCAs (excluding three studies with no harmful events leading to withdrawal) and 20 to 90 in SSIs. Both classes of antidepressants are effective for depression treated in primary care.
We found nine studies (4373 participants, 5223 attacks) that compared ibuprofen with placebo or other active comparators (drugs used to treat migraines). All studies were randomised controlled trials (RCTs), which means that participants were randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups at random. All studies treated attacks with single doses of medication. We found no new studies since the last version of this review. The results of this updated review are current to January 2016. Ibuproen is an effective treatment for acute migraine headaches, providing pain relief in about half of sufferers, but complete relief from pain and associated symptoms for only a minority. NNTs for all efficacy outcomes were better with 400 mg than 200 mg in comparisons with placebo, and soluble formulations provided more rapid relief. The higher dose was significantly better than the lower dose for 2-hour headache relief. Similar numbers of participants experienced adverse events, which were mostly mild and transient, with ibups and placebo. Adverse events occurred at the same rate as with placebo. Soluble formulations were better than standard tablets for 1-hour, but not 2- hour headache relief, and no differences were found between rofecoxib 25 mg and placebo in terms of side effects.
We included 43 randomized controlled trials (3497 participants with dry eye). Due to the heterogeneity of study characteristics among the included trials with respect to types of diagnostic criteria, interventions, comparisons, and measurements taken, our ability to perform meta-analyses was limited. The review found that, in general, there was uncertainty whether different OTC artificial tears provide similar relief of signs and symptoms when compared with each other or placebo. Nevertheless, we found that 0.2% polyacrylic acid-based artificial tears were consistently more effective at treating dry eye symptoms than 1.4% polyvinyl alcohol- based artificial tears in two trials assessing this comparison (175 participants). All other included artificial tears produced contradictory between-group results or found no differences. Our review also found that OTC tears may be generally safe, but not without adverse events. Overall, we assessed the quality of evidence as low due to high risks of bias among included trials and poor reporting of outcome measures which were insufficient for quantitative analysis. Furthermore, we identified an additional 18 potentially eligible trials that were reported only in clinical trial registers with no associated results or publications. These trials reportedly enrolled 2079 total participants for whom no data are available. Such lack of reporting of trial results represents a high risk of publication bias.
We found only one randomised controlled trial in 136 patients. There was no difference in virological outcomes in the group who maintained lamivudine in second-line regimens and those who did not in their subsequent regimens. Two other small observational studies reported in abstract form also did not report a difference in the proportion of those with viral suppression after six months and time to HIV-1 RNA suppression compared to those on a 3TC/FTC regimen. There were no trials identified comparing boosted protease inhibitors (PIs) or nucleoside backbone combinations after first-line failure on non-thymidine analog combinations. One randomised trial and two observational studies (both of low quality) suggest no difference between the two regimens in the number of patients who had viral suppression. There is limited evidence to evaluate the effects of boosted PIs in patients with HIV who fail to receive the recommended regimen. Current recommendations are based on available resources and patient- and public-health-level considerations.
We included 133 studies with 844,206 participants in this review. We found seven different index tests in the 133 studies, as well as 69 non-prespecified tests, and 32 combinations of these tests. We also found six studies for the Mallampati test, 105 for the modified Mallampathi test, six for the Wilson risk score, 52 for thyromental distance, 18 for sternomental distance and 34 for the mouth opening test, and 30 for the upper lip bite test. We did not find any studies that looked at difficult face mask ventilation, difficult laryngoscopy, difficult tracheal intubation, or failed intubations. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. We were able to combine the results of seven of the seven tests for difficult face masks ventilation, and found that the upper-lip bite test was the most accurate test for diagnosing difficult laryngeal breathing. We could not combine results for difficult tracings of the trachea, but we could combine results from the modified test for difficult mouth opening, which was the best test for identifying difficult trachings. The modified test had the highest sensitivity and specificity compared to the other tests, but the results were not consistent across the studies. We judged the risk of bias to be variable for the different domains; we mostly observed low risk for patient selection, flow and timing, and unclear risk for reference standard and index tests. The quality of the evidence was moderate to low for all domains of interest. We rated the reliability of the results as low to very low, and we did not have enough data to be able to draw any conclusions about the accuracy of the tests. In addition, we found that all tested tests had relatively low sensitivities with high variability. The standard bedside airway examination tests should be interpreted with caution, as they do not appear to be good screening tests. Given the paucity of available data, future research is needed to develop tests with high sensitivities to make them useful, and to consider their use for screening difficult face face masks and failed tracheas.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) comparing the effects of probiotics on diarrhoea in infants and young children. We found 63 studies with a total of 8014 participants. The trials were undertaken in a wide range of different settings and also varied greatly in organisms tested, dosage, and participants' characteristics. Probiotics reduced the duration and frequency of diarrhoeas, although the size of the effect varied considerably between studies. No adverse events were attributed to the probiotic intervention. The differences in effect size between studies was not explained by study quality, probiotic strain, the number of different strains, the viability of the organisms, dosage of organisms, or the causes of diarrhoeal illness, or whether the studies were done in developed or developing countries. We concluded that probiotics appear to be safe and have clear beneficial effects in shortening the duration of and reducing stool frequency in acute infectious diarrhoeae. However, more research is needed to guide the use of particular probiotic regimens in specific patient groups.
We included only one study that compared nidotherapy-enhanced standard care with standard care alone (total 52 participants). This study was classified by its authors as a 'pilot study'. The duration of the included study was 18 months in total. The single study examined the short-term (up to six months) and medium-term effects of the new form of standard care versus standard care. The results of this study were of very low quality. Nidotherapy was favoured over standard care for social functioning in both the short term (50, 1 RCT, MD -2.10, 95% CI -4.66 to 0.46) and the medium term (37, one RCT). However, these results did not reach statistical significance. Results concerning engagement with non-inpatient services favoured the intervention group, with slight favour of the control group at medium term. Results for the adverse effects/events of death (measured by 12 months) were of low quality, with no significant difference between the intervention and control groups. Results of people leaving the study early were of moderate quality, but again, the results were of poor quality. Skewed results were available for mental state, service use, and economic outcomes, and present a mixed picture of the benefits of this newly-formulated therapy. Further research is needed. Until such research is available, patients, clinicians, managers and policymakers should consider it an experimental approach.
We found eight studies with a total of 3283 participants. Five (3283 participants) had a classic design in which participants were randomised at the start of the study to pregabalin (150, 300, 450, or 600 mg daily) or placebo, with assessment after 8 to 13 weeks of stable treatment. No studies included active comparators. Two studies (1492 participants began initial dose titration, 687 participants randomised) had an EERW design (double blind) in which those with good pain relief after titration were randomly allocated to continuing the effective dose (300 to 600 mg) or a short down-titration to placebo for 13 or 26 weeks. The studies had low risk of bias, except that the last observation carried forward (LOCF) imputation method used in analyses of the primary outcomes could overestimate treatment effect. Pregabalin increased the number of participants experiencing substantial benefit (at least 50% pain intensity reduction after 12 or 13 weeks' stable treatment) (450 mg: RR 1.8, 95% CI 1.4 to 2.1, 1874 participants, high quality evidence). Substantial benefit was experienced by about 14% of participants with placebo (22% to 24%) but about 9% more (high quality evidence) (300 mg) (39% to 43%) (high) (very low quality evidence), and by about 11% (low) (high). Moderate benefit was seen by about 28% of people with placebo, but by 11% more people with 300 mg (39%) to 43%). A similar magnitude of effect was found using PGIC of'very much improved' and'much or very much improved'. NNTs for these outcomes ranged between 7 and 14. Serious adverse events did not differ between active treatment groups and placebo. The majority (70% to 90%) of participants in all treatment groups experienced adverse events, in particular dizziness, somnolence, weight gain, and peripheral oedema, with number needed to harm of 3.7, 7.4, 18, and 19 respectively for all doses combined. Withdrawals due to adverse events were about 10% higher with pre gabalin, but withdrawals due to lack of efficacy were about 6% lower. We calculated the outcome of maintained therapeutic response (MTR) without withdrawal, equivalent to a moderate benefit. The NNT was 5, but normalised to the starting population tested it was 12. About 10% of the initial population would have achieved the MTR outcome, similar to the result from studies of classic design. Of those randomised, 40% had MTR without withdrawal and 20% with placebo. A small study (177 participants) compared nightly with twice-daily pre gabbalin, and concluded there was no difference in effect.
We included one randomised controlled trial (involving 135 women with mild pre-eclampsia at term). An additional six studies are awaiting further assessment. The included trial compared magnesium sulphate with a placebo and was at a low risk of bias. The trial did not report any of this review's prespecified primary outcomes. There was no significant difference in Apgar score less than seven at five minutes, nor gestational age at birth (mean difference (MD) -0.20 weeks; 95% CI 0.62 to 0.22; 135 infants). There were significantly more maternal side effects (feeling warm and flushed) than in the placebo group. However, there were no significant differences in adverse effects severe enough to stop treatment. There were no differences seen between groups in the rates of postpartum haemorrhage and caesarean section. There is currently insufficient evidence to assess the efficacy and safety of magnesium sulphine when administered to women for neuroprotection of the term fetus.
This review identified four randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that met the inclusion criteria for this review. Two of the studies used combination therapies consisting of a combination of a pharmacotherapy combined with cognitive and behavioural therapies, whilst the remaining two used Cognitive and behavioural therapy through counselling, one via text message support and the other delivered via clinic doctors trained in smoking cessation techniques. Smoking cessation data were pooled across all studies producing a statistically and clinically significant effect in favour of the intervention (risk ratio 1.43, 95%CI 1.03 to 1.98, p=0.032), however following analysis a statistically non-significant but clinically significant difference was observed in favour with the intervention. A significant health disparity exists, whereby Indigenous populations, a minority, are over-represented in the burden of smoking-related morbidity and mortality. This review highlights the paucity of evidence available to evaluate the effectiveness of smoking cessation interventions, despite the known success of these interventions in non-Indigenous populations. Due to this lack of published investigations, the external validity of this review is limited, as is the ability to draw reliable conclusions from the results. The limited but available evidence reported does indicate that smoking cessation programs specifically targeted at Indigenous populations can produce smoking abstinence. However this evidence base is not strong with a small number of methodologically sound trials investigating these interventions. More rigorous trials are now required to assist in bridging the gap between tobacco related health disparities in Indigenous and non Indigenous populations.
We included 13 studies (5686 patients) in this review. We included studies of high-risk surgery patients (eight studies) and general intensive care patients (five studies) separately as subgroups for meta-analysis. All 13 studies reported some type of hospital mortality (28-day, 30-day and 60-day or ICU mortality). The pooled risk ratio (RR) for mortality was 1.02 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.96 to 1.09) and 0.98 (95%) for high- risk surgery patients. There was no difference in mortality when these studies were examined separately. We did not find a difference in the length of stay in the intensive care unit (LOS) or in the number of days in the hospital (HOS) when we combined the results of these studies. We found no difference between the two groups of patients in terms of time in the ICU or in hospital LOS. The quality of the evidence was high for mortality and LOS but low for cost analysis. Four studies, conducted in the United States (US), reported costs based on hospital charges billed, which on average were higher in the PAC groups. Two of the studies did not show a significant difference in hospital cost difference (mean difference USD 900, 95% CI -2620 to 4420, P = 0.62). Our review concluded that use of a PAC did not alter the mortality, LOS, or cost for adult patients in intensive care. Efficacy studies are needed to determine if there are optimal PAC-guided management protocols, which when applied to specific patient groups in ICUs could result in benefits such as shock reversal, improved organ function and less vasopressor use. Newer, less-invasive haemodynamic monitoring tools need to be validated against PAC prior to clinical use in critically ill patients.
This review identified six randomised controlled trials with a total of 478 infants. A composite outcome of Infant Pain Scale (NIPS), Neonatal Facial Action Coding System (NFCS) and/or Premature Infant pain profile (PIPP) score was reported in 288 infants, who did not receive a sweet tasting solution. The results showed a significant reduction in the number of skin punctures required for venepuncture compared with the heel lance group. The number of repeat skin puncture required was reduced by the use of sweet tasting solutions prior to either procedure. There was no difference between the two groups in terms of cry characteristics but the differences were reduced by providing a sweet taste solution prior to the procedure. Venepuncture, when performed by a skilled phlebotomist, appears to be the method of choice for blood sampling in term infants. The use of a sweet-tongue solution reduces the pain. Further well designed randomised trials should be conducted in settings where several individuals perform the procedures.
Two small studies of poor methodological quality including 52 women with a dehisced and/or infected episiotomy wound at point of entry have been included. Only one small study presented data in relation to wound healing at less than four weeks, although no reference was made to demonstrate how healing was measured. There was a trend to favour this outcome in the resuturing group, however, this difference was not statistically significant (risk ratio (RR) 1.69, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.73 to 3.88, one study, 17 women). Similarly, only one trial reported on rates of dyspareunia (a secondary outcome measure for this review) at two months and six months with no statistically significant difference between both groups. This trial also included data on the numbers of women who resumed sexual intercourse by two months, six months and 12 months. Significantly more women in the secondary sutured group had resumed intercourse two months after surgery, although by six months there was no significant difference. Neither of the trials included data for the following outcomes: pain at any time interval; the woman's satisfaction with the aesthetic results of the perineal wound; exclusive breastfeeding; maternal anxiety or depression. Based on this review, there is currently insufficient evidence available to either support or refute second suturing for the management of broken down perineals following childbirth. There is an urgent need for a robust randomised controlled trial to evaluate fully the comparative effects of both treatment options.
We found 18 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared Chinese medicinal herbs with different antiviral drugs to prevent or treat influenza. We included 18 studies involving 2521 participants. The quality of the included studies was poor. Only three studies showed that compared with antiviral medicines, Chinese herbs may be effective in preventing influenza and alleviating influenza symptoms. 'Ganmao' capsules were found to be more effective than amantadine in decreasing influenza symptoms and speeding recovery in one study (in which no data were reported). There were no significant differences between 'E Shu You' and ribavirin in treating influenza, nor in the occurrence of adverse reactions. Ten studies reported mild side effects. Most Chinese medical herbs showed similar effects to antiviral medications in preventing or treating influenza. No obvious side effects were reported. However, current evidence remains weak due to methodological limitations of the trials. More high-quality RCTs with larger numbers of participants and clear reporting are needed.
We found eight studies with a total of 580 participants that compared thrombolytic therapy, fibrin sheath disruption and over-the-wire catheter exchange with and without angioplasty to restore catheter function in people with HD catheters. Most studies had a high risk of bias due to poor study design, broad inclusion criteria, low patient numbers and industry involvement. Most of the studies included in this review were judged to have been influenced by the pharmaceutical industry. The evidence is current to May 2016. We found no evidence to suggest any specific intervention is superior in terms of ensuring either dialysis adequacy or reduced risk of adverse events. There is insufficient evidence to support physical intervention over the use of pharmaceutical agents in the acute setting. The certainty of this evidence is reduced due to the fact that it is based on only a single study with wide confidence limits and imprecise results.
We found 17 randomised controlled trials with a total of 2674 women with metastatic breast cancer. There were 1532 deaths in 2116 women randomised to trials of the addition of a drug to the regimen and control (the regimen alone). There was no detectable difference in overall survival between these patients, with an overall HR of 0.96 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.87 to 1.07, P = 0.47) and no significant heterogeneity. We found no difference in time to progression between these regimens. The addition of one or more drugs to the regimens showed a statistically significant advantage for tumour response but the results did not show a difference in survival time or progression. However, the positive effect of the drugs was associated with increased toxicity. Where measured, acute toxicities such as alopecia, nausea and vomiting and leucopenia were more common with the addition.
We found ten randomised controlled trials with a total of 1896 critically ill patients. There was no significant difference in the number of people who died in hospital or in the length of stay in the intensive care unit (ICU). There was some evidence that patients discharged from a NLU are better prepared for discharge but it is unclear if this is simply a product of an increased length of inpatient stay. No significant adverse effects were noted but the possibility of increased early mortality cannot be discounted. Early readmissions were reduced. Costs of care on the NLU were higher for UK studies but lower for US based studies.
We included 11 studies including 414 participants in the review. Two trials compared therapeutic ultrasound with placebo, two compared one ultrasound regimen with another, and six compared ultrasound as part of a multi-component intervention with another non-surgical intervention (for example, exercises and splint). The risk of bias was low in some studies and unclear or high in other studies, with only two reporting that the allocation sequence was concealed and six reporting that participants were blinded. Overall, there is insufficient evidence that one therapeutic ultrasound regimen is more efficacious than another. Only two studies reported the primary outcome of interest, short-term overall improvement (any measure in which patients indicate the intensity of their complaints compared with baseline, for example, global rating of improvement, satisfaction with treatment, within three months post-treatment). One low quality trial with 68 participants found that therapeutic ultrasound may increase the chance of overall improvement at the end of seven weeks treatment, although losses to follow-up and failure to adjust for the correlation between wrists in participants with bilateral CTS in this study suggest that this data should be interpreted with caution. Another low quality study with 60 participants showed that at three months after treatment, therapeutic ultrasound plus splint increased overall improvement when compared with splint alone, but decreased overall improvement with low-level laser therapy, though participants were not blinded to treatment, and there was a potential unit of analysis error. No studies reported any adverse effects of therapeutic ultrasound, but this outcome was only measured in three studies. More adverse effects data are required before any firm conclusions can be made. There is only poor quality evidence from very limited data to suggest that ultrasound may be more effective than placebo for either short- or long-term symptom improvement in people with CTS. More methodologically rigorous studies are needed.
We found eight randomised controlled trials with a total of 10,000 participants. The active interventions were pravastatin, atorvastatin (an anti-platelet drug), simvastin (an anticoagulant drug), clofibrate (a clot-busting drug), and conjugated oestrogen (a hormone). The results showed that statin therapy alone had a marginal benefit in reducing subsequent cerebrovascular events in those with a previous history of stroke or TIA. There was no evidence that such intervention reduced all-cause mortality or sudden death. Three statin trials showed a reduction in subsequent serious vascular events. There is no clear evidence of beneficial effect from statins in patients with previous haemorrhagic stroke and it is unclear whether statins should be started immediately post stroke or later.
The evidence is current to May 2014. We found 11 studies that compared the effectiveness of mass media campaigns in changing smoking behaviour in adults in the USA compared with the rest of the USA. Studies differed in design, settings, duration, content and intensity of the campaigns, length of follow-up, methods of evaluation and also in definitions and measures of smoking behaviour used. There is evidence that comprehensive tobacco control programmes which include mass media can be effective in changing the behaviour of adults, but the evidence comes from a heterogeneous group of studies of variable methodological quality. One state-wide tobacco control programme (Massachusetts) showed positive results up to eight years after the start of the campaign. Another (California) showed results during the period of adequate funding and implementation and in final evaluation since the beginning of the programme. Six of nine studies carried out in communities or regions showed some positive effects on smoking behaviour and at least one significant change in smoking prevalence (Sydney). The intensity and duration of the mass media campaign may influence effectiveness, but length and frequency of follow up and concurrent secular trends and events can make this difficult to quantify. No consistent relationship was observed between campaign effectiveness and age, education, ethnicity or gender.
We included 24 studies with a total of 2166 participants. Seventeen studies compared yoga versus no therapy provided moderate-quality evidence showing that yoga improved health-related quality of life (10 studies, 675 participants), reduced fatigue and sleep disturbances (11 studies, 883 participants) and reduced sleep disturbances in the short term. Yoga did not appear to reduce depression (seven studies, 496 participants), anxiety (six studies, 346 participants) or fatigue (three studies, 195 participants) when compared with psychosocial/educational interventions (four studies, 226 participants). Four studies showed that yoga can reduce depression, anxiety and fatigue, and fatigue (two studies, 106 participants). Very low quality evidence suggests that yoga might be as effective as other exercise interventions and might be used as an alternative to other exercise programmes. Investigators reported no serious adverse events. No study reported safety-related data. Three studies that compared yoga with exercise showed no short-term effects on health-quality of life or fatigue or sleep disturbances or fatigue. No studies provided safety data. The quality of the evidence for yoga versus exercise was very low or very low because of the small number of participants and the small size of the studies. There were no studies that looked at the long-term effect of yoga versus other types of exercise. We found no evidence that yoga was as effective or as safe as other forms of exercise in reducing fatigue, sleep disturbances and fatigue. We did not find any evidence to support or refute the use of yoga as a supportive intervention for improving mental health and physical well-being when compared to no therapy, as well as for reducing depression, fatigue and fatigue in people with mental health problems. There was not enough evidence to determine whether yoga was safe or not.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) comparing the effectiveness of different imaging schedules in people with glioma. We found one study with 125 people who had surgery for glioblastoma. Most patients in the study underwent maximal surgical resection followed by combined radiotherapy and temozolomide treatment. Although patient characteristics were comparable, the study was at high risk of bias overall. Evidence from this study suggested little or no difference between early and no early post-operative imaging with respect to overall survival (deaths) at one year after diagnosis of GBM (48% vs 55% died, respectively; very low certainty evidence). We also found no difference in overall survival at two years after diagnosis (86% vs 81% died). No other review outcomes were reported. In addition, we found no relevant economic evaluations assessing the efficiency of the different imaging strategies. The quality of the evidence was very low due to the small number of participants and the small size of the study. The limited evidence suggests that early brain imaging among GBM patients who will receive combined chemoradiation treatment may make little to no difference to survival needs to be further researched, particularly as early imaging also serves as a quality control measure that may lead to early re-operation if residual tumour is identified. Mathematical modelling of a large number of patients could help to distinguish the optimal timing of surveillance imaging for different types of brain tumour, with stratification of patients facilitated by assessment of individual tumour growth rates, molecular biomarkers and other prognostic factors. The results could also be used to inform future research of imaging strategies among children with GBM.
We included three studies randomising 161 people with schizophrenia. Data were available for only two of our seven prestated main outcomes. Clinically important improvement in global state was measured using the Clinical Global Impression (CGI). There was no clear difference between chlorpromazine and metiapine groups (2 RCTs, 120, very low quality evidence) and numbers of participants with parkinsonism at eight weeks were similar. There were no useable data available for the other key outcomes of clinical improvement in mental state, readmission due to relapse, satisfaction with treatment, aggressive or violent behaviour, or cost of care. Chlorpromazine has been the mainstay treatment for schizophrenia for decades, yet available evidence comparing this drug to metiabine fails to provide high-quality trial based data. However, the need to determine whether the two drugs are more or less effective than each other seems to be lacking in clinical relevance and future research on this comparison seems unlikely.
Twenty-three studies were identified for inclusion in this review. The use of nitroimidazole antibiotics, mesalamine and immunosuppressive therapy with azathioprine/6-MP or infliximab all appear to be superior to placebo for the prevention of post-operative recurrence of Crohn's disease. However, these agents were associated with higher risk of serious adverse events. Mesalamine therapy was associated with a significantly reduced risk of clinical recurrence and severe endoscopic recurrence when compared to placebo. Azathiopine/6MP was also associated with less recurrence, and less severe recurrence. Neither agent had a higher risk than placebo of serious side effects. There was no significant difference in the risk of any other outcome. There are insufficient randomised controlled trials of budesonide, tenovil and interleukin-10 to draw conclusions. The cost, toxicity and tolerability of these approaches require careful consideration to determine the optimal approach for post-operative prophylaxis.
We found seven randomised controlled trials (825 participants) that compared cognitive-behavioural coping skills training (one study), twelve-step programme, brief intervention (three studies), motivational interviewing (two studies), and brief motivational interviewing. Two studies were considered in two comparisons. The results were as follows. There was no significant difference between groups for either of the primary outcomes (alcohol abstinence assessed with Substance Abuse Calendar and breathalyser at one year: risk ratio (RR) 2.38 (95% confidence interval [CI] 0.10 to 55.06); and retention in treatment, measured at end of treatment: RR 0.89). The quality of evidence was very low. There were no data for the secondary outcome, alcohol-related harm. We found low to very low-quality evidence to suggest that there is no difference in effectiveness between different types of psychosocial interventions to reduce alcohol consumption among people who use illicit drugs, and that brief interventions are not superior.
We found 23 randomised controlled trials with a total of 1586 participants. Fifty-eight per cent of these participants were from five unpublished studies. We found no new trials for inclusion when searches were updated in 2014. Quinine was compared to placebo (20 trials, 1140 participants), vitamin E (four trials, 543 participants), a quinine-vitamin E combination (three trials, 510 participants), and xylocaine injections into the gastrocnemius muscle (one trial, 24 participants). The most commonly used dose was 300 mg/day (range 200 to 500 mg). The risk of bias in the trials varied considerably. All 23 trials claimed to be randomised, but only a minority described randomisation and allocation concealment adequately. The quality of the evidence was low or moderate for cramp number over two weeks, cramp intensity by 10%, and cramp days by 20%. Cramp duration was not significantly affected. A significantly greater number of people suffered minor adverse events (risk difference (RD) 3%, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0% to 6%), mainly gastrointestinal symptoms. There is moderate quality evidence that with use up to 60 days, the incidence of serious adverse events is not significantly greater than for placebo in the identified trials. One participant suffered from thrombocytopenia (0.12% risk), a blood clot in the leg. A combination of vitamin E and theophylline (one study, 77 participants) was less effective than a combination of the two drugs, but with no significant differences in adverse events. There was no significant difference in major adverse events compared with placebo (RD 0, 95% CI -1% to 2%). One person suffered from a small blood clot (0% risk) in the thigh (0%). The quality was moderate for the other two comparisons (the other study, 76 participants) and the quality was low for the third comparison (the second study, 72 participants). There is low quality evidence from single trials suggests that theophthalmitin (a muscle relaxant) is more effective in relieving muscle cramps than quininine alone, and the effects of the drug in the muscle are not significantly different to those in the placebo group. However, because serious side effects are not common, large population studies are required to more accurately inform incidence. Longer lengths of follow-up in future trials will help determine the duration of action following cessation of quinines, as well as long-term adverse effects.
We found seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) enrolling 406 participants. Three trials enrolled women with pregnancy-associated leg cramps and four trials enrolled idiopathic cramp sufferers (N = 322 including cross-over controls). Magnesium was compared to placebo in six trials and to no treatment in one trial. We found no differences in the number of cramps, frequency, or duration of the cramps between those receiving magnesium and those receiving no treatment. The number of people experiencing a 25% or better reduction in cramp rate from baseline was also no different, being 8% lower in the magnesium group. Withdrawals due to adverse events were not significantly different than placebo. While we could not determine how many people had minor side effects, studies of oral magnesium generally described potential side effects as similar in frequency to placebo. It is unlikely that magnesium supplementation provides clinically meaningful cramp prophylaxis to older adults experiencing skeletal muscle cramps. In contrast, for those experiencing rest cramps the literature is conflicting and further research in this patient population is needed.
We found one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared a six-month, home-based, combined muscle strength and aerobic exercise training program versus usual care in 14 ambulatory people with SMA. The age range of the participants was between 10 years and 48 years. The study was evaluator-blinded, but personnel and participants could not be blinded to the intervention, which placed the results at a high risk of bias. The trial used change in walking distance on the six-minute walk test as a measure of function; a minimal detectable change is 24.0 m. The change from baseline to six months' follow-up in the training group (9.4 m) was not detectably different from the change in the usual care group (-0.14 m) (mean difference (MD) 9.54 m, 95% confidence interval (CI) -83.04 to 102.12; N = 12). Cardiopulmonary exercise capacity, assessed by the change of peak oxygen uptake (VO2max) was similar between the training and usual care groups (-1.34 mL/kg/min) (MD 1.22 mL/ kg/min). A clinically meaningful increase in VO2max is 3.5 mL per kilogram of body weight. The training group showed a slight improvement in muscle strength, expressed as the manual muscle testing (MMT) total score, which ranges from 28 (weakest) to 280 (strongest). The change in MMT total score was 6.8 compared to 5.14 in the normal care group (MD 11.94 compared to 27.32). The trial stated that training had no statistically significant effects on fatigue and quality of life. No study-related serious adverse events or adverse events leading to withdrawal occurred, but we cannot draw wider conclusions from this very low-certainty evidence. The certainty of evidence for all outcomes was very low because of study limitations and imprecision. We need well-designed and adequately powered studies using protocols that meet international standards for the development of training interventions, in order to improve our understanding of the exercise response in SMA type 3 and eventually develop exercise guidelines for this condition.
We found two randomised controlled trials with 149 participants. One trial (81 patients with cervical radiculopathy) found that surgical decompression was superior to physiotherapy or cervical collar immobilization in the short-term for pain, weakness or sensory loss; at one year, there were no significant differences between groups. The other trial (68 patients with mild functional deficit associated with cervical myelopathy) did not find a difference between surgery and conservative treatment in three years following treatment. A substantial proportion of cases were lost to follow-up. Both small trials had significant risks of bias and do not provide reliable evidence on the effects of surgery for cervical spondylotic radiulopathy or myelopathies. Further research is very likely to have an impact on the estimate of effect and our confidence in it.
We found nine studies that compared telephone consultation with normal care. Six studies compared the use of telephone consultation by a doctor, four by a nurse and one by a clinic clerk. Three studies compared different types of health care workers; two compared nurses with doctors and one compared health assistants with doctors or nurses. Three of five studies found a decrease in visits to GP's but two found a significant increase in return consultations. In general at least 50% of calls were handled by telephone advice alone. Seven studies looked at accident and emergency department visits, six showed no difference between the groups and one, of nurse telephone consultation, found an increase in visits. Two studies reported deaths and found no difference with nurse telephone triage. Telephone consultation appears to reduce the number of surgery contacts and out-of-hours visits by general practitioners. However, questions remain about its affect on service use and further rigorous evaluation is needed.
We included 84 studies with a total of 22,872 participants, with 70/84 studies reporting interventions in higher risk individuals or settings. Studies with follow-up periods of at least four months were of more interest in assessing the sustainability of intervention effects and were also less susceptible to short-term reporting or publication bias. Overall, the risk of bias assessment showed that these studies provided moderate or low quality evidence. The results of this review indicate that there are no substantive, meaningful benefits of MI interventions for preventing alcohol use, misuse or alcohol-related problems. We found some statistically significant effects, but the effect sizes were too small, given the measurement scales used in the included studies, to be of relevance to policy or practice. Moreover, the quality of evidence is not strong, and any effects could be inflated by chance.
We found 29 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 2210 participants. All participants had asthma, and follow-up ranged from 2 to 26 weeks. Most studies were at low or unclear risk of selection and attrition bias and at high risk for blinding. We considered most of the evidence to be of low or very low quality owing to the way the studies were designed and conducted, and to imprecision in the estimates of effect. We classified studies into three comparisons: enhanced face-to-face training session(s), multi-media-delivered inhaler training (e.g. DVD, computer app or game) and technique feedback devices. Enhanced inhaler technique education and multi- media training improved technique in most studies immediately after the intervention and at follow up, although the variety of checklists used meant that this was difficult to assess reliably. Analyses of the numbers of people who demonstrated correct or 'good enough' technique were generally more useful than checklist scores. Adult studies of enhanced education showed benefit when this metric was used at 2 to26 weeks' follow up (odds ratio (OR) 5.00, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.83 to 13.65; 258 participants; three studies; 31 per 100 with correct technique in the control group compared with 69 (95% CI 45 to 86) in the education group; moderate-quality evidence). A similar result was seen in studies looking at feedback devices (OR 4.80, 95.% CI 1.87 to 12.33; 97 participants; one study). 51 (95%) of 100 people in the feedback group had correct technique compared with 83 (95) of 100 in the training group. However, the benefit of mult-media training for adults was uncertain (OR 2.15, 95%. 95% CI 0.84 to 5.50; 164 participants; two studies; I² = 49%; 30 per 100 in training group versus 47 (95%). Moderate- quality evidence). Evidence tended to be less clear for children, usually because results were based on fewer and smaller studies. Some studies did not report exacerbations, adverse events, unscheduled visits to a healthcare provider and absenteeism from work or school. We found no evidence about harms. Inhaler technique interventions provided some benefit for asthma control and quality of life but generally did not lead to consistent or important clinical benefits for adults or children. Confidence intervals included no difference or did not reach a threshold that could be considered clinically important. We rated the quality of evidence for all comparisons as low to moderate.
We found three small trials, involving 226 participants. One trial included patients with presumed ischaemic stroke without computerised tomography (CT) verification, and the other two trials included participants with CT-verified ICH. Data on the primary outcome measure (death and dependency) were not available in any of the trials. Death and disability could be calculated in the larger ICH trial without differences between the mannitol-treated and control groups. Case fatality was not reported in the trial of the presumed stroke and case fatality did not differ in the ICH trials. Adverse events were either not found or not reported. The change in clinical condition was reported in two trials and the proportion of those with worsening or not improving condition was not significantly different between the two groups. Based on these three trials neither beneficial nor harmful effects could be proved. Although no statistically significant differences were found, the confidence intervals for the treatment effect estimates were wide and included both clinically significant benefits and clinically significant harms as possibilities. There is currently not enough evidence to support the routine use of mannitor in acute stroke patients. Further trials are needed.
We found six randomised controlled trials with 425 patients randomized to D-penicillamine and 258 to placebo. A statistically significant benefit was observed when compared to placebo for all three dose ranges and for most outcome measures including tender joint counts, pain, physician's global assessments and ESR. The difference for ESR was 10.6 mm/hr in the higher dose group. Total withdrawals were significantly higher in the moderate and high dosage groups (OR=1.63 and 2.13 respectively), mostly due to increased adverse reactions (OR = 2.60 and 4.95 respectively), including renal and hematological abnormalities. Its efficacy appears to be similar to that of other disease modifying anti-rheumatic drugs, but with a significantly higher toxicity. Its effects on long-term functional status and radiological progression are not clear.
We found four randomised controlled trials of Chinese herbs, all of which were of low quality. All of studies used a decoction containing Huangqi compounds as the intervention with chemotherapy. The intervention groups of three studies were compared to a chemotherapy alone control group, the fourth study was compared to two other Chinese herbal interventions. None of the studies reported on primary outcome using Common Toxicity Criteria (CTC). There was a significant reduction in the proportion of patients who experienced nausea & vomiting when decoctions of Huangqi were given in addition to chemotherapy. There was also a decrease in the rate of leucopenia (wBC <3 x 10^9 per L). Huangqi drugs were also associated with increases in the proportions of T-lymphocyte subsets: CD3; CD4 and CD8. Huangqi had no significant effects on Immunoglobulins G, A or M. We found no evidence of harm arising from the use of these Chinese herbs. Due to the methodological limitations of the included studies, there is no robust demonstration of benefit. We need high quality randomised clinical trials investigating the effects of Chinese herbal medicines, particularly Astragalus spp, upon chemotherapy-related side effects.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 866 participants aged four to 55 years with RP of all forms of genetic predisposition. One trial evaluated the effect of vitamin A alone, one trial evaluated DHA alone, and a third trial evaluated vitamin A and DHA versus vitamin A. None of the RCTs had protocols available, so selective reporting bias was unclear for all. In addition, one of the trials did not specify the method for random sequence generation, so there was an unclear risk of bias. We did not perform meta-analysis due to clinical heterogeneity of participants and interventions across the included trials. The primary outcome, mean change in visual field from baseline at one year, was not reported in any of the studies. No toxicity or adverse events were reported in these three trials. No trial reported a statistically significant benefit of vitamin supplementation on the progression of visual field loss or visual acuity loss. Two of the three trials reported statistically significant differences in ERG amplitudes among some subgroups of participants, but these results have not been replicated or substantiated by findings in any other trials. Based on the results of three trials, there is no clear evidence for benefit of treatment with vitamin A or DHA for people with RP, in terms of the average change in the visual field and ERG Amplitudes at one and five years follow-up. In future trials, since some of the included studies in this review included unplanned subgroup analysis that suggested differential effects based on previous vitamin A exposure, investigators should consider examining this issue. Future trials should take into account the changes observed in visual amplitudes and other outcome measures when calculating sample sizes to assure adequate power to detect clinically and statistically meaningful difference between treatment arms.
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 414 workers with inflammatory arthritis. The majority of participants had IA, most with RA and to a lesser degree AS. The interventions aimed to prevent job loss and improve work functioning in several ways: firstly by evaluating work changes or adaptations and secondly by providing any person-directed interventions including vocational counselling, advice or education. Interventions directly targeted at the work environment were minimal and included workplace visits (one trial) or any actions by an occupational physician (one). The duration or dose of the interventions varied from two 1.5-hour sessions over five months, two consultation and multidisciplinary treatments during three months (one RCT), to six to eight individual or group sessions over six months (also one RCT). All participants were recruited through rheumatology clinics, both in or outside hospitals. Included trials investigated job loss (382 participants), work absenteeism and work functioning (32 participants). Overall, we evaluated the two smaller trials as having a high risk of bias and the large trial as having no bias. We assessed the quality of the evidence using the GRADE approach and judged there to be very low quality evidence across the three reported outcomes. Of the two RCTs investigating job loss, the larger one (242 participants) reported a large statistically significant reduction in job loss. The other RCT (140 participants) showed similar effects in both groups, although the CI was very wide (RR = 1.05, 95% CI 0.53 to 2.06). The latter one probably suffered from performance bias and we judged it to have a high chance of bias. The one small trial investigating sickness absenteeism found uncertain results at six months' follow-up (MD = -2.42 days). Finally, in the same small trial using the Rheumatoid Arthritis-Work Instability Scale (RA-WIS), there was a moderate improvement of intermediate term work functioning. We identified no adverse effects in the publications of the three trials. The results suggest that these strategies have potential to be effective.
We identified three randomised controlled trials that included 285 preterm infants (140 received arginine and 140 received no treatment) from three countries. The evidence is current to May 2016. We found that the number of infants who developed NEC (any stage) was reduced by a significant amount in the arginin group compared with the placebo group. The number of babies who died due to any cause was not significantly different between the two groups. The quality of the evidence was moderate. We did not find any significant differences in adverse effects directly attributable to the use of the drug, such as hypotension or alterations in glucose homeostasis. There was no difference in the number or severity of adverse effects between the groups. We rated the quality of evidence as moderate, meaning that we are moderately confident in the results of this review.
We found four studies involving 1943 participants with acute sinusitis. The trials were well-designed and double-blind and studied INCS versus placebo or no intervention for 15 or 21 days. The rates of loss to follow-up were 7%, 11%, 41% and 10%. When we combined the results from the three trials included in the meta-analysis, participants receiving INCS were more likely to experience resolution or improvement in symptoms than those receiving placebo (73% versus 66.4%). Higher doses of INCS had a stronger effect on improvement of symptoms or complete relief: for mometasone furoate 400 µg versus 200 µg (RR 1.10; 95% CI 1.02 to 1.18). No significant adverse events were reported and there was no significant difference in the drop-out and recurrence rates for the two treatment groups and for groups receiving higher doses of the INCS. Clinicians should weigh the modest but clinically important benefits against possible minor adverse events when prescribing therapy.
This review found that the use of prophylactic vancomycin in low doses reduced the incidence of both total neonatal nosocomial sepsis and coagulase negative staphylococcus aureus in eligible preterm infants. However, there was insufficient evidence to assess the risks of development of resistant organisms in the nurseries involved in these trials. The methodologies of these studies may have contributed to the low rate of septicaemia in the treated groups, as the blood cultures drawn from central lines may have failed to grow because of the low levels of the antibiotic in the infusate.
We found 14 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) on dressings or topical agents for postoperative wounds healing by secondary intention. We found only small, poor quality trials; the evidence is insufficient to determine whether the choice of dressing or topical agent affects the healing of surgical wounds after amputation. A plaster cast applied to an amputation stump accelerated wound healing compared with elastic compression, WMD -25.60 days, 95% CI -49.08 to -2.12 days (1 trial). There were no statistically significant differences in healing for other dressing comparisons (e.g. gauze, foam, alginate; 11 trials).  PAIN: Gauze was associated with significantly more pain for patients than other dressings.  PATIENT SATISFACTION: Patients treated with gauze were less satisfied compared with those receiving alternative dressings (3 trials). Gauze is inexpensive but its use is associated with the use of significantly more nursing time than foam (2 trials). LENGTH OF HOSPITAL STAY: Four trials showed no difference in length of hospital stay. One trial found shorter hospital stay in people with amputation when plaster casts were applied compared to elastic compression (WMD -30.10 days; 95% confidence interval -50.82 to -10.38). Foam is best studied as an alternative for gauze and appears to be preferable as to pain reduction, patient satisfaction and nursing time.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials with 1482 women. Five trials were published before 1985 and six from 2005 to 2014. Four trials examined combined oral contraceptives (COCs), and three studied a levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system (LNG-IUS). We found two trials of progestin-only pills (POPs) and two of the etonogestrel implant. Most trials did not report significant differences between the study arms in breastfeeding duration, breast milk composition, or infant growth. For breastfeeding duration and breast milk volume, two of eight trials indicated a negative effect on lactation duration compared to placebo but did not quantify results. Another trial showed a lower percentage of women breastfeeding at 75 days versus the nonhormonal IUD group (reported P < 0.05) but no significant difference at one year. Two older studies indicated lower volume for the COC group versus the placebo group. The other showed lower means (mL) at 16 weeks, 24 weeks, and at 24 weeks (MD -24.90, 95% CI -36.01 to -13.79). One study showed greater weight gain (grams) in the implant group versus no method for six weeks but less compared with depot medroxyprogesterone acetate (DMPA) from 6 to 12 weeks. The others studied POPs, COCs, and POPs versus POPs. Seven trials studied infant growth; one showed more weight gain for the implant compared with no method but less with DMPA. Of four trials that assessed infant growth, three did not show any significant difference between groups. The quality of the evidence was moderate overall and low for three of four placebo-controlled trials. The evidence was not consistent for any particular hormonal method.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials from Australia, Singapore and the USA. We grouped them according to the extent to which they adjusted for regression to the mean (RTM) and spillover effects. We found that red-light cameras are effective in reducing total crashes. The evidence is less conclusive on total collisions, specific collision types and violations, where reductions achieved could be explained by the play of chance. Larger and better controlled studies are needed.
We found four randomised controlled trials involving 494 participants. Three studies involving 383 participants provided data on the proportion of participants who had achieved a therapeutic INR by day five. One study showed significant benefit of a 10-mg warfarin nomogram in outpatients with VTE, with the number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB = 3, 95% CI 2 to 4); another study showed a 5-mg nomogram with NNTB = 5 (95% CI 3 to 28); and a third study showed no difference. No difference was observed in recurrent venous thromboembolism at 90 days, minor bleeding at 14 to 90 days or in length of hospital stay. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to very low, mainly due to differences in types of study participants and length of follow-up. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016.
We included seven trials with a total of 555 participants. Three trials compared models of enhanced care in the inpatient setting with conventional care. Two trials compared an enhanced care model provided in inpatient settings and at home after discharge with a conventional care model. One trial compared geriatrician-led care in-hospital to conventional care led by the orthopaedic team. None of the interventions were designed specifically for people with dementia, therefore the data included in the review were from subgroups of participants with dementia or cognitive impairment participating in randomised controlled trials investigating models of care for all older people following hip fracture. The end of follow-up in the trials ranged from the point of acute hospital discharge to 24 months after discharge. We considered all trials to be at high risk of bias in more than one domain. We did not find enough data to detect differences between the intervention and control groups. There were no data from any study for our primary outcome of health-related quality of life. There was only very low certainty for our other primary outcome, activities of daily living and functional performance, therefore we were unable to draw any conclusions with confidence. We found low-certainty that enhanced care and rehabilitation in hospital may reduce rates of postoperative delirium and lower rates of some other complications. However, the certainty of these results is low. There is limited evidence that some of the models of rehabilitation and care used in the included trials may show benefits over usual care for preventing delirity and reducing length of stay in hospital for older people with hip fracture who have been treated for hip fracture, however, we found limited evidence for these results. Data were available from only a small number of trials, and the certainty for all other results is very low. Determining the optimal strategies to improve outcomes for this population of patients should be a research priority.
We found seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 840 children with acute and chronic illnesses using specialist home-based nursing services. Participants, interventions and outcomes were diverse. No significant differences were reported in health outcomes; two studies reported a reduction in the length of hospital stay with no difference in the hospital readmission rates. Home care was reported as more costly for service providers with substantial cost savings for the family in two studies, while one study revealed no significant cost benefits. Three studies reported reduced parental anxiety and improvement in child behaviours. Overall increased parental satisfaction was reported in three studies. Also, better parental coping and family functioning was reported. By contrast, one study each reported no impact on parental burden of care or on functional status of children. The preliminary results show no adverse impact on physical health outcomes and a number of papers reported improved satisfaction with home care. Further trials are required, measuring health, satisfaction, service utilisation and long-term costs.
The evidence is current to January 2016. We found 40 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 7524 participants. The evidence is up to date as of February 2016. The studies compared ICM versus standard care, and ICM with non-ICM. When ICM was compared with standard care for the outcome service use, ICM slightly reduced the number of days in hospital per month (24 studies, 3595 participants) compared to standard care (3595 participants). Similarly, for the global state (13 studies, 1798 participants), ICM may make little or no difference in reducing death by suicide (9 studies, 1456 participants) and early death (3 studies, 1152 participants) (low-quality evidence). For the outcome of social functioning, there was uncertainty about the effect of ICM on unemployment (4 studies, 1129 participants) due to very low quality evidence. Similarly, the results showed that ICM (7 studies, 1970 participants) may reduce the number leaving the intervention early (10 studies, 1086 participants), and may make no or little difference in suicide by suicide. For the results of the social functioning study (1 study, 73 participants), there was very low- quality evidence due to low or very low risk of bias (very low or low risk) for the results. The results of this study were based on a very small number of participants. There was no data for relapse or important improvement in mental state. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to moderate for the outcomes of service use and global state, and adverse events, and very low for employment and social functioning.
Twenty-five trials contributed data to the quantitative synthesis in this review. Overall, 16 trials (464 participants) provided data for meta-analysis of box training (248 participants) versus no supplementary training (216 participants). All the 16 trials in this comparison used video trainers. There were no trials comparing box model training versus animal model or cadaveric model training. Box model training compared with no training was significantly shorter in the box trainer group (8 trials; 249 participants). Compared with the control group (3 trials; 69 participants), the box model group also had lower error score, better accuracy score, and better composite performance scores (SMD 065; 95% CI 042 to 088). Three trials reported movement distance but could not be meta-analysed as they were not in a format for analysis. One trial (36 participants) found significantly shorter time taken to complete the task when box training was performed using a simple cardboard box trainer compared with the standard pelvic trainer. There was no significant difference between the two groups in the remaining comparisons (reverse alignment versus forward alignment box training; box trainer suturing versus box trainer drills; and single incision versus multiport box model model training). The only trial that reported accuracy score found significantly higher accuracy score with Z-maze box training than U-mazes box training. The results of this review are threatened by both risks of systematic errors (bias) and risks of random errors (play of chance). The impacts of this decreased time on patients and healthcare funders in terms of improved outcomes or decreased costs are unknown. None of the secondary outcomes were adequately reported in the trials.
We found two randomised clinical trials that compared biliary lavage with hydrocortisone versus saline in 17 patients with primary sclerosing cholangitis with septicaemia. The results of one trial were inconclusive. The other trial compared budesonide versus prednisone in 18 patients. Patients had higher serum bilirubin concentration after treatment with prednisones compared with budesonides. No other statistically significant effects were reported on any of the evaluated interventions. There is no evidence to support or refute the use of peroral glucocorticosteroids for the treatment of patients with this condition. The intrabiliary application of corticosteroid via nasobiliary tube seems to induce severe adverse effects.
This review included 11 randomised controlled trials with a total of 284 participants. Seven trials addressed the timing of support (early versus delayed), data on mortality were obtained for all seven trials (284 participants). The relative risk (RR) for death with early nutritional support was 0.67 (95% CI 0.41 to 1.07). Data on disability were available for three trials. Five trials (207 participants) reported mortality. The RR for mortality at the end of follow-up period was 1.66 (0.66 to 2.66). Two trials provided data on death and disability. One trial compared gastric versus jejunal enteral nutrition, there were no deaths and the RR was not estimable. This review suggests that early feeding may be associated with a trend towards better outcomes in terms of survival and disability, but further trials are required.
We included 57 studies with a total of 34,390 participants. Forty one studies (42 comparisons, 19,241 participants) provided data for the primary meta-analysis, which demonstrated that participants using a digital intervention drank approximately 23 g alcohol weekly (95% CI 15 to 30) (about 3 UK units) less than participants who received no or minimal interventions at end of follow up (moderate-quality evidence). Fifteen studies (10,862 participants) showed that participants who engaged with digital interventions had less than one drinking day per month fewer than no intervention controls, 15 studies showed about one binge drinking session less per month in the intervention group compared to no intervention control group, and in 15 studies (9791 participants) participants drank one unit per occasion less than those who did not engage in the digital intervention group. Only five small studies (390 participants) compared digital and face-to-face interventions. There was no difference in alcohol consumption at the end of the study. The BCTs of goal setting (B -43.94, 95% CI -78.59 to -9.30), problem solving, information about antecedents, behaviour substitution, and credible source were associated with reduced alcohol consumption in a multivariable model that included BCT with B > 23 in the unadjusted model, and with B -95.12 and B -39.89 in the adjusted model. We found no evidence of an association between the use of theory to select participants or tailor the intervention. The most frequently mentioned theories or models in the included studies were Motivational Interviewing Theory (7/20), Transtheoretical Model (6/20) and Social Norms Theory (six/20). Over half of the interventions (n = 21, 51%) made no mention of theory. We did not find any evidence that theory was linked to the effectiveness of the digital interventions in reducing alcohol consumption. No studies reported whether any adverse effects resulted from the interventions. The quality of the evidence was moderate. The main sources of bias were from attrition and participant blinding (36% and 21% of studies respectively, high risk of bias).
We included 24 studies with a total of 4233 participants, of which 2124 were randomised to benzodiazepines and 1475 to placebo. The remaining 634 participants were randomly allocated to other active treatments in three-arm trials. We assessed the overall methodological quality of the included studies as poor. We rated all studies as at unclear risk of bias in at least three domains. In addition, we judged 20 of the 24 included studies to be at high risk of systematic error. We found that benzodiazapine may be more effective than placebo in the short-term treatment of panic disorders. We also found that the number of participants who responded to treatment was lower and the number who dropped out due to side effects was higher. However, our analyses of adverse events showed that a higher proportion of participants experienced at least one adverse effect when treated with benzodizapine compared to placebo (low-quality evidence). We judged the evidence for the other secondary outcomes as of very low quality. With the exception of the analyses of the change score data for depression and social functioning, all secondary outcome analyses showed an effect in favour of benzodazapine over placebo. Furthermore, the clinician's choice is not between benzodazine and placebo, but between other active drugs, notably SSRIs, both in terms of efficacy and adverse effects. The choice of treatment should therefore be guided by the patient's preference and should balance benefits and harms from treatment in a long-term perspective. The quality of evidence was low for both primary and secondary outcomes. The validity of the evidence is questionable due to possible unmasking of allocated treatments, high dropout rates, and probable publication bias. The included studies were only short term studies and did not examine the long term efficacy nor the risks of dependency and withdrawal symptoms. Due to these limitations, our results regarding the efficacy of benzidiazepines versus placebo provide only limited guidance for clinical practice.
We found 13 randomised controlled trials (1520 participants) and three ongoing trials. Seven studies recruited 903 healthy participants, the other studies recruited people with borderline hypertension or hypertension, elderly people at high risk of falling, and people with hypertension with liver and kidney yin deficiency syndrome. All studies had at least one domain with unclear risk of bias, and some studies were at risk of concealment (one study) and selective reporting (two studies). Duration and style of tai chi differed between trials. No studies reported on cardiovascular mortality, all-cause mortality or non-fatal events as most studies were short term (all studies had follow-up of one year or less). There was also considerable heterogeneity between studies, which meant that it was not possible to combine studies statistically for cardiovascular risk (I2 statistic for systolic blood pressure (SBP) was 96%, for diastolic heart rate (DBP) 96%, total cholesterol 96%, low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) 95%, high-density lipid-cholesterolemase (HDL) 98%, triglycerides 75%). Nine trials measured blood pressure, six individual trials found reductions in SBP (reductions ranged from -22.0 mmHg (95% confidence interval (CI) -26.3 to -17.7) to -11.5mmHg), two trials found no clear evidence of a difference (however, CIs were wide and an increase or decrease in the SBP cannot be ruled out), and one trial found an increase (increase 5.2 mmHG, 95% CI 3.73 to 6.67). A similar pattern was seen for DBP: three trials found a reduction in DBP and three trials did not find a difference, however again with wide CIs. Three trials reported lipid levels and two found reductions (total cholesterol, LDL-C and triglycerides) and two increased HDL-C with the intervention. Quality of life was measured in one trial. None of the included trials reported on adverse events, costs or occurrence of type 2 diabetes. There are currently no long-term trials for the primary prevention of CVD. Due to the limited evidence available currently no conclusions can be drawn as to the effectiveness of Tai chi on CVD risk factors.
We found 27 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared family-based interventions with no intervention or usual care. Twenty-three interventions were tested in the USA, two in Europe, one in Australia and one in India. The interventions were very heterogeneous in the components of the family intervention, the other risk behaviours targeted alongside tobacco, the age of children at baseline and the length of follow-up. We were unable to extract data from all studies in a format that allowed inclusion in a meta-analysis. Nine studies (4810 participants) reporting smoking uptake amongst baseline non-smokers could be pooled, but eight studies with about 5000 participants could not be pooled because of insufficient data. The pooled estimate detected a significant reduction in smoking behaviour in the intervention arms. Based on this moderate quality evidence a family intervention might reduce uptake or experimentation with smoking by between 16 and 32%. However, these findings should be interpreted cautiously because effect estimates could not include all studies. Two studies in which some of the 4487 participants already had smoking experience at baseline did not detect evidence of effect. Eight RCTs compared a combined family plus school intervention to a school intervention only. Of the three studies with data, two RCTS with outcomes for 2301 baseline never smokers detected evidence of an effect and one study with data for 1096 participants not restricted to never users at baseline also detected a benefit (RR 0.60, 95% CI 0.38 to 0.94). The other five studies with 18,500 participants did not report data. One RCT also compared a family versus a school 'good behaviour' intervention and did not find a difference between the two types of programme. No studies identified any adverse effects of intervention. There were more studies of high intensity programmes compared to a control group receiving no intervention, than there were for other compairsons. The evidence is therefore strongest for high-intensity programmes used independently of school interventions. Programmes typically addressed family functioning, and were introduced when children were between 11 and 14 years old. Our interpretation is that the common feature of the effective high intensity interventions was encouraging authoritative parenting (which is usually defined as showing strong interest in and care for the adolescent, often with rule setting). This is different from authoritarian parenting (do as I say) or neglectful or unsupervised parenting. Most studies had a judgement of 'unclear' for at least one risk of bias criteria, so the quality of evidence was downgraded to moderate.
We found three studies with 451 participants. Two studies compared dexamethasone to placebo, and the third study compared a number of additional treatments in various combinations, including metoclopramide, chlorpromazine, tropisetron, and dexametron. The duration of the studies ranged from seven to 14 days. The trials were small, with a total of 51 to 280 participants. Corticosteroids were compared to placebo in two of the three studies, and to different combinations of drugs in the third. We found very low-quality evidence that corticosteroid therapy resulted in less nausea (measured on a scale of 0 to 10, with the lower score indicating less nausea) compared with placebo at eight days, although this result was not statistically significant (P = 0.37). Frequency of adverse events was not significantly different between groups, and all treatments were well tolerated. The quality of this evidence was downgraded by three levels, from high to very low, due to imprecision, likely selection bias, attrition bias, and small number of participants in the included studies.
We included 10 studies of high-risk children using antibiotics (azithromycin, ciprofloxacin, co-trimoxazole, isoniazid, oral penicillin V or vancomycin) to prevent LRTIs. Three studies included HIV-infected children (1345), four cystic fibrosis ( 429) and one each sickle cell disease (219), cancer (160) and low birth weight neonates with underlying respiratory disorders (40). The study duration ranged from seven days to three years. The quality of the evidence was moderate. There was no significant difference in the number of children who died or were admitted to hospital with a LRTI. However, analysis of one study showed a significant reduction in the rates of hospital admission per child-year of follow-up in one study (P value = 0.01). There was also no evidence of increased adverse events due to antibiotic prophylaxis (RR 1.10, 95% CI 0.75 to 1.64, I2 statistic = 22%, P value of 0.28); however, there was scant reporting of antibiotic resistance - the one study that did assess this found no increase. In three studies, there were no significant increase in the frequency of adverse events with antibiotics (two studies) or co-drugs (one study). There were no studies of increased antibiotic resistance in two studies. In one study, a significantly lesser proportion of children with pneumococcal septicaemia was reported with co-medication. In two studies, a significant decrease in hospital admission was reported in one child with pneumonia, but there was not enough data to be sure of this result. There were not enough studies to be certain of the effect of antibiotics on quality of life or growth in children with CF.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 519 participants, comparing different gases for establishing pneumoperitoneum: nitrous oxide (three trials), helium (five trials), or room air (one trial) was compared to carbon dioxide. None of the trials was at low risk of bias. Three trials randomised participants to nitrous gas (100 participants) or carbon dioxide gas (96 participants). There were no serious adverse events related to either gas (three studies; 196 participants). We could not combine data from two trials (140 participants) which individually showed lower pain scores (a difference of about one visual analogue score on a scale of 1 to 10 with lower numbers indicating less pain) at various time points on the first postoperative day, and this was rated asvery low quality evidence. There was insufficient evidence to determine the effects of nitrous oxygen and carbon dioxide on cardiopulmonary complications (two studies; 140 participants), surgical morbidity (one study; 143 participants), or pain scores. There were three serious side effects (subcutaneous emphysema) related to helium gas (four studies; 128 participants). One trial (76 participants) compared room air to room gas (70 participants) and found no significant differences between the two gases. The trial did not state the number of participants in each group. The quality of the current evidence is very low. The safety of the different gases used in this review has yet to be established. The evidence of lower hospital costs and reduced pain during the first day with room air compared with carbon air was of very low quality. Evidence from one trial of small sample size suggests that room air may decrease hospital costs in people undergoing laparoscopic abdominal surgery. Further trials on this topic are needed, and should compare various gases (nitrous oxide, helium, argon, nitrogen, and room air) with carbon dioxide with cold gas insufflation for people with high anaesthetic risk. Future trials should include outcomes such as complications, serious side events, quality of life, and pain.
We found 14 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) investigating the effects of dexamethasone in preterm infants. Eight studies enrolled 303 infants and compared a high versus a moderate dose of the drug, and five studies compared a moderate versus a low dose. The results showed an increased risk of BPD and abnormal neurodevelopmental outcome when using a low versus a high dose of corticosteroid. There were no differences in outcomes between a moderate- and a low-dosage regimen. Four other studies enrolled 762 infants compared early versus a moderately early or delayed initiation and showed no significant differences in the primary outcomes. The two RCTs investigating a continuous versus a pulse regimen showed an increase risk of the combined outcome death or BPD when using the pulse therapy. Finally, two trials investigating a standard regimen versus a participant-individualized course of treatment showed no difference in the main outcome and long-term neuro developmental outcome. The quality of evidence for all comparisons discussed above was assessed as low or very low, because the validity of all comparisons is hampered by small samples of randomized infants, heterogeneity in study population and design, non-protocolized use of ‘rescue’ cortics, and lack of data in most studies. Despite the fact that some studies reported a modulating effect of treatment regimens in favor of higher dose regimens, recommendations on the optimal dose, the optimal dosage, or the optimal timing of initiation for preventing BPD cannot be made based on current level of evidence. A well-designed large RCT is urgently needed to establish the optimal systemic postnatal dose regimen.
This review included eight randomised controlled trials involving 996 people with acute rheumatic fever. Six trials were conducted between 1950 and 1965; one was done in 1990 and the final study was published in 2001. Researchers compared several steroidal agents such as corticotrophin, cortisone, hydrocortisone and dexamethasone, prednisone and intravenous immunoglobulins versus aspirin, placebo or no treatment. Overall there were no observed significant differences in risk of heart disease at one year between corticosteroid-treated and aspirin-treated groups (six studies, 907 participants, risk ratio 0.87, 95% confidence interval 0.66 to 1.15). Similarly, there was no significant difference in the risk of adverse events between the two groups (two studies, 212 participants). However, use of prednisones did not reduce heart disease after one year. Investigators in five studies did not report adverse events. The three studies reporting on adverse events reported substantial adverse events, however, all results should be interpreted with caution because of the age of the studies and the substantial risk of bias.
We found six studies with a total of 12,294 participants from 79 communities. Two studies that assessed insecticide spray as a fly control measure found that trachoma is reduced by at least 55% to 61% with this measure compared to no intervention. However, another study did not find insecticides to be effective. One study found that another fly-control measure, latrine provision, reduced the number of flies in the latrine by 29.5% compared with no intervention; this was, however, not statistically significantly different and findings have not been confirmed by a more recent study. Another study revealed that health education reduced the incidence of the disease. These findings were not confirmed by the second study, which found that a modest health education programme with modest water supply did not reduce the incidence. Health education had shown significant reduction in one study but another did not demonstrate similar findings. Generally there is a dearth of data to determine the effectiveness of all aspects of environmental sanitation in the control of this disease. All the studies have some methodological concerns.
We found 15 randomised controlled trials (1043 participants) that compared CBT with usual care (six studies, 373 participants) and other psychological therapies (four studies, 313 participants) in people with CFS. CBT was found to be effective in reducing fatigue at post-treatment, and may be more effective than relaxation, counselling and education/support. Findings at follow-up were inconsistent. There is a lack of evidence on the comparative effectiveness of CBT alone or in combination with other treatments, and further studies are required to inform the development of effective treatment programmes for people with chronic fatigue.
We found one randomised controlled trial with 46 people with sickle cell disease. Of the 46 enrolled participants, seven withdrew before randomisation leaving 39 participants who were randomised to receive vitamin D3 (cholecalciferol) or placebo (dummy) for six weeks and were followed up to six months. Only 25 participants completed the full six months of follow up. Two participants from the treatment group have missing values of baseline serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) levels, therefore the number of samples analysed was 37. The study had a high risk of bias with regards to incomplete outcome data (high dropout rate in the placebo group), but the quality of the evidence was low for other domains such as random sequence generation, allocation concealment, blinding of participants, personnel and outcome assessors, selective outcome reporting; and an unclear risk of other biases. Compared to the placebo, the vitamin D group had significantly higher levels of 25(OHD) at eight weeks, at 16 weeks, and at 24 weeks. There was no significant difference of adverse events (tingling of lips or hands) between the vitamin and placebo groups. Regarding the frequency of pain, the group receiving vitamin D had significantly fewer pain days compared to those receiving placebo. However, the difference was significant at both 16 weeks and 24 weeks, but again, we judged the evidence for this outcome to be low. Furthermore, the review included physical functioning PedsQL scores which were reported as absolute change from baseline. The vitamin group had a lower (worse) health-related quality of life score than the placebo but this was not significant. The quality of evidence was moderate. We found only one low-quality clinical study with incomplete data. Therefore, we consider that the evidence is not of sufficient quality to guide clinical practice. Until further evidence becomes available, clinicians should consider the relevant existing guidelines for vitamin D supplementation (e.g. the Endocrine Society Clinical Practice Guidelines) and dietary reference intakes for calcium and vitamin D.
We found only one randomised controlled trial (RCT) with 26 children aged 4 to 12 years, with mild to moderate CAS of unknown cause, and compared two interventions: the Nuffield Dyspraxia Programme-3 (NDP-3) and the Rapid Syllable Transitions Treatment (ReST) in a university clinic in Australia. Treatments were delivered intensively in one-hour sessions, four days a week for three weeks, in the university clinic. Speech pathology students delivered the treatments in the English language. Outcomes were assessed before therapy, immediately after therapy, at one month and four months post-therapy. A number of cases in each cohort had recommenced usual treatment by their speech and language pathologist between one month to four months after the end of treatment, and thus this time point was not included for further analysis in this review. Both the NDP-3 and ReST therapies demonstrated improvement in word accuracy in 4- to 12-year-old children with CAS, measured by accuracy of production on treated and non-treated words, speech production consistency and the accuracy of connected speech. For three outcomes the effect was marginally greater for the NDP programme than the ReST programme, but we are unable to say whether either treatment is better than no treatment or treatment as usual. The study did not measure functional communication. No formal analyses were conducted by the original study authors, hence one treatment cannot be reliably advocated over the other. We judged all core outcome domains to be low risk of bias. We downgraded the quality of the evidence by one level to moderate due to imprecision, given that only one RCT was identified. Further RCTs replicating this study would strengthen the evidence base. No evidence currently exists to support the effectiveness of other treatments for children with idiopathic CAS without other neurodevelopmental disorders.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) of people with toxoplasma retinochoroiditis. We found four trials that randomised a total of 268 participants. One study conducted in Brazil in both adults and children compared trimethoprim-sulfamexacocol over 20 months to no treatment and was judged to be at high risk of bias due to poor reporting. The other three studies compared pyrimethamine-trisulfapyrimidine for eight weeks to placebo. One of these studies was conducted in the UK in children and adults, and one in the US in adults. All participants were treated with antibiotics for 45 days prior to randomisation to the antibiotic group versus placebo. In the last study, all participants had active toxoplasmosis and were treated for at least 45 days before randomisation. Only the study in Brazil over 12 months, in participants with healed lesions, reported the effect of treatment on visual acuity. We judged the quality of the evidence from this study to be low because of poor reporting of the results. The study in the Brazil study reported that the severity of inflammation was higher in the comparator group when compared with the antibiotic-treated group but did not provide further details. Two studies (UK and US studies) reported an increased risk of adverse events in treated participants. These were a fall in haemoglobin, leucocyte, and platelet count, nausea, loss of appetite, rash, and arthralgia. There is currently no good evidence that this leads to better visual outcomes. However, absence of evidence of effect is not the same as evidence of no effect. Further trials are required to determine the effects of antibiotic treatment on any part of the retina.
We included 43 randomised controlled trials with a total of 3749 participants. Twenty-two trials (3749 participants) compared the Gamma nail with the sliding hip screw (SHS). The Gamma nail was associated with increased risk of operative and later fracture of the femur and increased reoperation rate. There were no major differences between implants in wound infection, mortality or medical complications. Five trials compared the intramedullary hip screw with the SHS (623 participants). The SHS had a lower complication rate in comparison with the inguinal nail. There was no difference in fracture fixation complications, reoperation, wound infection and length of hospital stay for proximal femoral nail (PFN). Three trials (394 participants) showed no difference between the two types of nail in terms of fracture fixation, reoperations and wound infection. None of the 10 trials (1491 participants) of other nail versus implant comparisons for trochanteric fractures provided sufficient evidence to establish definite differences between the implants under test. Two trials (65 participants) found a tendency to less fracture healing complications with the nails compared with fixed nail plates for unstable fractures at the level of the lesser trochanters. However, there was not enough evidence to confirm whether more recently developed designs of the nails avoid the complications of previous nails.
We found only one study that met our inclusion criteria and was included in the review. It analysed data for 47 women who received either palliative surgery (27 women) or medical management with Octreotide (20 women) and reported overall survival and perioperative mortality and morbidity. Women with poor performance status were excluded from surgery. Although six (22%) women had serious complications of the operation and three (11%) died of complications, multivariable analysis found that women who had surgery had significantly (p < 0.001) better survival after adjustment for important prognostic factors. However, the magnitude of this effect was not reported. Quality of life (QoL) was not measured and adverse events were incompletely documented. We found only low quality evidence comparing palliatives surgery and medical management for bowel obstruction in ovarian cancer. Therefore we are unable to reach definite conclusions about the relative benefits and harms of the two forms of treatment, or to identify sub-groups of women who are likely to benefit from one treatment or the other. There is weak evidence in support of surgical management to prolong survival.
We found four randomised controlled trials with 244 women with PCOS receiving 12 weeks or 6 weeks of treatment. Two trials (184 women randomised) studied the effects of simvastatin and two trials (60 women) studied atorvastin. There was no good evidence that statins improved menstrual regularity, spontaneous ovulation rate, hirsutism or acne, either alone or in combination with the combined oral contraceptive pill (OCP). Nor were there any significant effects on body mass index (BMI). Statins were effective in lowering testosterone levels (mean difference (MD) -0.90, 95% CI -1.18 to 0.62, P < 0.00001, 3 RCTs, 105 women) when used alone or with the OCP. Statins also improved total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and triglycerides but had no significant effect on high-density lipid (HDL) levels, high (HS) C-reactive protein (HS-CRP), fasting insulin or homeostatic model assessment (HOMA) insulin resistance. No serious adverse events were reported in any of the included studies. There is a need for further research to be performed with large sample sizes and well-designed studies to assess clinical outcomes.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) comparing the use of palliative treatments for vaginal bleeding in women with advanced cervical cancer. We found no evidence from controlled trials to support or refute any of the proposed interventions compared with radiotherapy. We identified only observational data from single-arm studies of women treated with formalin-soaked packs, interventional radiology or radiotherapy techniques for palliatives control of vaginal bleeding. Radiotherapy techniques are not readily available in resource-poor settings, where advanced cases of cervical cancer are predominant. Therefore, the choice of intervention will be based on local resources.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of 745 patients that compared temozolomide in combination with radiotherapy versus radiotherapy alone for glioblastoma multiforme (GBM) in patients with recurrent GBM. These trials found that when given in both concomitant and adjuvant phases of treatment, it prolongs survival and delays progression without impacting on quality of life (QoL) but it does increase early adverse events. In the elderly, two RCTs of 664 patients found OS and progression-free survival (PFS) in the elderly were similar when compared to radiotherapy in terms of OS and PFS but with a higher instance of side effects. In recurrent HGG, two trials enrolling 672 patients in total found that it did not increase OS compared to standard chemotherapy (HR 0.9, 95% CI 0.76 to 1.06, P value 0.2), but it did increase PFS in a subgroup analysis of grade IV GBM tumours. Adverse events were similar between arms. QoL did not appear to differ between arms in a single trial but certain adverse events were significantly more common with temozoomide. Risk of haematological complications, fatigue and infections were increased. In a single RCT found no significant difference between the two arms in QOL.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and found two studies. One study was conducted in Cambodia and provided low quality evidence that private contracts with international nongovernmental organizations (NGOs) for district health systems management ('contracting-in') may improve health care access and utilization. Contracting in increased use of antenatal care by 28% and use of public facilities by 14%. However, contracting-in was not found to have an effect on population health outcomes. In the other study, intermittent training courses over 18 months may improve district health system managers’ performance. In three countries in Latin America, managers who did not receive the intermittent training course had between 2.4 and 8.3 times more management deficiencies than managers who received the training courses. No studies that aimed to investigate interventions for retaining district health teams managers met our study selection criteria for inclusion in this review. The findings of one study provided low-quality evidence that contracting in districts may improve access to health care and may improve the performance of managers. The results of this review are based on two small studies. There is not enough evidence to draw firm conclusions regarding the effectiveness of these interventions in diverse settings. Other interventions that might be promising candidates for hiring and retaining (e.g., government regulations, professional support programs) as well as training districts in the management of health systems managers have not been adequately investigated.
We included three studies that involved 123 people. All three studies reported on mortality, and deaths occurred in two studies. Out of the 123 people randomized and treated, six people died; the causes of death were pneumonia, pulmonary embolism, mediastinitis, and septic shock. Among people randomized to surgery, there were reductions in pneumonia, chest deformity, tracheostomy, duration of mechanical ventilation, length of intensive care unit stay (ICU), and length of hospital stay. There was no clear evidence of a difference in mortality between treatment groups, however, the analysis was underpowered to detect a difference between groups. The methods used for blinding the participants and researchers to the treatment group were not reported, but as the comparison is surgical treatment with medical treatment this bias is hard to avoid. There were no description of concealment of the randomization sequence in two of the studies. The results of the three studies showed that surgical treatment was better than medical treatment in reducing the risk of pneumonia and other adverse events, and reducing the number of people who had to be put on a ventilator, and the length of time they were in the ICU. We could not combine the results because of differences in the results and have listed them separately. Chest pain, chest tightness, bodily pain, and adverse effects were each measured in one study. Overall, there was some evidence from three small studies that showed surgical treatment is preferable to nonsurgical management in reducing pneumonia. However, the results were limited by the small numbers of participants and the small number of studies. Further well-designed studies with a sufficient sample size are required to confirm these results and to detect possible surgical effects on mortality.
Cerivastatin is an anti-cholesterolemic drug that lowers cholesterol levels in the blood. We found 50 trials (19 randomised controlled trials and 31 before-and-after studies) in 12,877 participants who had their cholesterol levels measured. The participants were of any age with and without cardiovascular disease and the trials were of short duration (three to 12 weeks). The trials studied the effect of the drug on cholesterol levels over a three- to 12-week period. When compared to fluvastatin, atorvastin and rosuvastat, cerivastin was about 250-fold more potent than fluv astatin, 20-fold stronger than atorastatin and 5.5-fold better than rosudastatin in reducing LDL cholesterol, and 233-fold greater than flu astatin at reducing total cholesterol. It was also more potent at reducing triglycerides (a type of fat) and 125-fold higher than flu Astatin and 11-fold and 13-fold, respectively, more potent, at reducing the level of triglycerides. We did not find any evidence of adverse effects in 42% of the trials. We judged the certainty of evidence for these effects to be high. There was a high risk of bias for the outcome withdrawals due to adverse effects, but a low risk for the lipid measurements. Withdrawals due to side effects were not different between the drugs and placebo in 11 of 19 of these short-term trials (risk ratio 1.09, 95% confidence interval 0.68 to 1.74).
We included 28 randomised controlled trials with a total of 6851 patients. We found that remote ischaemic preconditioning made little or no difference to the reduction of serum creatinine levels at postoperative days one (14 studies, 1022 participants), two (9 studies, 770 participants) and three (6 studies, 417 participants) compared to control. We also found no difference in the need for dialysis (13 studies, 2417 participants), length of hospital stay (8 studies, 920 participants), or all-cause mortality (24 studies, 4931 participants). We found no differences in the incidence of acute kidney injury using either the AKIN (high quality evidence) or RIFLE (moderate quality evidence). We did not find any differences in adverse effects between the two groups (15 studies, 3993 participants). It is uncertain whether the use of cuff inflation leads to increased adverse effects because the certainty of the evidence is low because only two of 15 studies reported any adverse effects (6/1999 and 1/1994 in the control group), the remaining 13 studies stated no adverse effects were observed in either group. The evidence is up to date as of May 2016. We concluded that the available data does not confirm the efficacy of remote ishaemoglobin preconditions in reducing renal ischaemia reperfusion injury in patients undergoing major cardiac and vascular surgery in which kidney injury may occur.
We included 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 703 participants. Eight trials primarily investigated the efficacy in treating PSF, of which six trials with seven comparisons provided data suitable for meta-analysis (five pharmacological interventions: fluoxetine, enerion, (-)-OSU6162, citicoline and a combination of Chinese herbs; and two non-pharmacological interventions): a fatigue education programme and a mindfulness-based stress reduction programme). The fatigue severity was lower in the intervention groups than in the control groups (244 participants, pooled SMD -1.07, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.93 to -0.21), with significant heterogeneity between trials (I2 = 87%, degrees of freedom (df) = 6, P value < 0.00001). The beneficial effect was not seen in trials that had used adequate allocation concealment (two trials, 89 participants) or trials that used adequate blinding of outcome assessors (four trials, 198 participants). Four trials (248 participants) did not primarily investigate the efficacy on fatigue but other symptoms after stroke, which included tirilazad mesylate, continuous positive airway pressure for sleep apnoea, antidepressants and a self management programme for recovery from chronic diseases. None of these interventions showed any benefit on reducing PSF. There was insufficient evidence on the efficacy of any intervention to treat or prevent fatigue after stroke. Trials to date have been small and heterogeneous, and some have had a high risk of bias. Some of the interventions described were feasible in people with stroke, but their efficacy should be investigated in RCTs with a more robust study design and adequate sample sizes.
We found three randomised controlled trials, enrolling 74 preterm infants (outcome data available on 71 infants) that evaluated interventions for hyperkalaemia. The trials were of uncertain quality, with very small numbers of participants. The intervention and the outcome assessments could not be blinded to the clinical staff in two trials (Malone 1991; Hu 1999). The combination of insulin and glucose, compared to cation-exchange resin, caused a reduction in all cause mortality that was of borderline statistical significance. In the study of Hu (Hu 1999), the incidence of intraventricular haemorrhage ≥ grade 2 was significantly reduced [RR 0.30 (95% CI 0.10 to 0.93), RD -0.35 (95%) and NNTB 3 (95%). Albuterol inhalation versus saline inhalation changed serum K+ from baseline at four hours and at eight hours after initiation of treatment. No differences were noted in mortality or other clinical outcomes (Singh 2002). No serious side effects were noted with either the combination of glucose and glucose or albuteroline inhalation. Other interventions listed in our objectives have not been studied to date. The effectiveness of other potentially effective interventions (diuretics, exchange transfusion, peritoneal dialysis and calcium) has not been tested in randomised trials. In view of the limited information from small studies, no firm recommendations for clinical practice can be made. It appears that the combined combination of the two drugs, glucose and insulin, is preferred over treatment with rectal cion-resin for high blood pressure. The two interventions could possibly be tested against each other.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials that compared IVIg with PE in 623 severely affected children. The evidence is current to May 2015. We found seven trials with a variable risk of bias. In five trials with 536 participants for whom the outcome was available, the mean difference (MD) of change in a seven-grade disability scale after four weeks was not significantly different between the two treatments: MD of 0.02 of a grade more improvement in the intravenous immunoglobulin group than the plasma exchange group; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.25 to -0.20. There were also no statistically significant differences in the other measures considered. The primary outcome for this review, available for only one trial with 21 mildly affected children, was improvement in disability grade. The mean grade improvement was 0.2 (95% CI 0.14 to 0.54) more in the combined treatment group than in the PE alone group; not clinically significantly different, but not excluding the possibility of significant extra benefit. Adverse events were not significantly more frequent with either treatment, but IVIG is significantly much more likely to be completed than PE. One trial in altogether 51 children showed no significant difference when the standard dose was given over two days rather than five days. Another trial with 34 participants comparing immunoabsorption followed by IVG with immuno absorption alone did not reveal significant extra benefits from the combination treatment. One study with 51 children did not show significant difference in the number of adverse events with IVG compared with PE alone. Also, according to moderate quality evidence, giving IVG after PE did not confer significant additional benefit. There are no adequate comparisons of IVG versus placebo in adults, but this review provides moderate-quality evidence that, in severe disease, IVG started within two weeks from onset hastens recovery as much as PE. In children, the evidence is of low quality. More research is needed in mild disease and in patients whose treatment starts more than two weeks after onset. Dose-ranging studies are also needed and one is in progress.
We included 28 randomized clinical trials (9330 participants) with a total of 7597 participants. In trials with an overall low risk of bias, a high fraction of inspired oxygen was not associated with increased risk of all-cause mortality (random-effects model: RR 1.12, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.93 to 1.36; GRADE: low quality) within the longest follow-up and within 30 days of follow up (low quality). In a trial sequential analysis, the required information size was not reached and the analysis could not refute a 20% increase in mortality. Similarly, when all trials were included in the analysis, we did not observe an increase in the risk of respiratory insufficiency, serious adverse events, or length of stay (mean difference -0.06 days, 95.44 to 0.32 days). In subgroup analyses of nine trials using preoperative antibiotics, we observed a decrease in surgical site infections (very low quality). A similar effect was noted in the five trials that were adequately blinded for the outcome assessment. We did not find evidence of an effect of a high dose of oxygen on surgical site infection in any other subgroup of analyses. We concluded that there is not enough evidence to support the routine use of high doses of oxygen during anaesthesia and surgery. The quality of the evidence was very low or very low for all outcomes.
Twenty-five randomised controlled trials (3663 children) were included in this review. Two trials did not report on any of the outcomes of interest, leaving 23 trials (3258 children) covering a range of antibiotics, participants, outcome measures and time points for evaluation. We found moderate quality evidence (six trials including 484 children) that children treated with oral antibiotics are more likely to have complete resolution of OME at two to three months post-randomisation (primary outcome) than those allocated to the control treatment (two trials, 199 children). However, there is evidence (albeit of low quality; five trials, 742 children) indicating that these children are more than twice as likely to experience diarrhoea, vomiting or skin rash. Low quality evidence did not show that oral antibiotics were associated with a decrease in the rate of ventilation tube insertion or in tympanic membrane sequelae (one trial, 103 children). It should, however, be noted that the beneficial effect of oral antibiotics on acute otitis media episodes within four to eight weeks was no longer significant when we excluded studies with high risk of bias. In terms of other secondary outcomes, only two trials (849 children) reported on hearing levels after two to four weeks and found conflicting results. None of the trials reported data on speech, language and cognitive development or quality of life. The impact of antibiotics on short-term hearing is uncertain and we found no data on other important outcomes such as hearing, language, cognitive development, quality of lives or speech. Overall, we assessed most studies as being at low to moderate quality.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of people with type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus who were randomly assigned to a low protein diet (LPD) or a normal diet (normal diet). We found 12 RCTs with a total of 2,769 participants. The results show that reducing protein intake appears to slightly slow progression to renal failure but not statistically significantly so. We found no data on the effects of LPDs on health-related quality of life and costs. However, questions concerning the level of protein intake and compliance remain. Because of the variability amongst patients, there might perhaps be a six month therapeutic trial of protein restriction in all individuals, with continuation only in those who responded best. Trials are required of different types of protein.
We identified 19 studies involving 3480 people. Twelve studies were of good methodological quality and seven were of lower quality. We found that most people with mild brain injury made a good recovery when appropriate information was provided, without the need for additional specific interventions. For moderate to severe injury,'strong evidence' showed benefit from formal intervention, and 'limited evidence' indicated that commencing rehabilitation early after injury results in better outcomes. Intensive rehabilitation programmes are associated with earlier functional gains, and continued outpatient therapy could help to sustain gains made in early post-acute rehabilitation. The context of multi-disciplinary rehabilitation appears to influence outcomes. Group-based rehabilitation in a therapeutic milieu (where patients undergo neuropsychological rehabilitation in an environment with a peer group of individuals facing similar challenges) represents an effective approach for patients with severe brain injury. Patients discharged from in-patient rehabilitation benefit from access to out-patient or community-based services appropriate to their needs. The balance between intensity and cost-effectiveness has yet to be determined. Not all questions in rehabilitation can be answered by randomised controlled trials or other experimental approaches. For example, trial-based literature does not tell us which treatments work best for which patients over the long term, and which models of service represent value for money in the context of life-long care. In the future, such questions will need to be considered alongside practice-based evidence gathered from large systematic longitudinal cohort studies.
We included one randomised controlled trial (involving 176 women) in this review. We combined three of the groups as the intervention (rooming-in) group and the fourth group acted as the control (separate care) and we analysed the results as a single pair-wise comparison. We found little evidence to support or refute the practice of rooming-in versus mother-infant separation. There was no difference found between the two groups in the proportion of infants receiving any breastfeeding at six months of age (low-quality evidence). The frequency of breastfeeds per day on day four postpartum before discharge from hospital was slightly higher in the roomed-in group compared with the separate care group. The number of infants being exclusively breastfed at six month of age was not reported in the trial. The rate of exclusive breastfeeding was significantly higher in women who were roomed in compared with those who were in separate care. However, we could not compare the number of babies who were breastfed seven times per day (SD = 0) because every baby in the separate group was breastfed on a fixed schedule. The quality of the evidence was low due to the small number of women included in the study and the factorial design of the study, which took into account two factors: infant location in relation to the mother and the type of infant apparel.
We found eight randomised controlled trials involving 660 participants. Seven of the eight studies were of poor quality. Follow-up time was less than one month in six trials. Only two trials provided data for the number of participants who were dead or dependent at the end of 28 days of treatment, indicating a significantly lower rate of death and dependency in the sanchi group than in the control group. The total case fatality rate was lower than 1% indicating that participants probably had mild strokes. Few adverse events were reported. Data were limited in respect to stroke recurrence and quality of life. One trial reported higher Barthel index scores in participants treated with sancha. Pooled analysis of seven trials indicated that sancho might improve neurological deficit more than control with a significant difference (RR 0.29, 95%Cl 0.18 to 0.47). The total number of deaths in the group receiving sanchicine was lower (1.1%) than in those receiving control (0.7%). Few adverse effects were reported in the participants receiving the treatment. Sanchi appears to be beneficial and safe for acute ischaemic stroke in this review, but the small sample and inferior quality of studies prevented a definite conclusion. More well-designed randomised trials are required.
We found seven randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 126 patients. Two trials compared immediate versus delayed implants in 126 patients and found no statistically significant differences. One trial compared immediate-delayed implants in 46 patients. After 2 years patients in the immediate-Delayed group perceived the time to functional loading significantly shorter, were more satisfied and independent blinded assessor judged the level of the perimplant marginal mucosa in relation to that of the adjacent teeth as more appropriate (RR = 1.68; 95% CI 1.04 to 2.72). These differences disappeared 5 years after loading but significantly more complications occurred in those who received implants just after teeth extraction. Three trials compared different techniques of bone grafting for implants immediately placed in extraction sockets. No statistically significant difference was observed when evaluating whether autogenous bone is needed in postextractive sites (1 trial with 26 patients) or which was the most effective augmentation technique (2 trials with 56 patients). There is not enough evidence to determine possible advantages or disadvantages of immediate, immediate, delayed or delayed implants, therefore these preliminary conclusions are based on few underpowered trials often judged to be at high risk of bias. There is a suggestion that immediate implants may be at higher risks of implant failures and complications than delayed implants on the other hand the aesthetic outcome might be better.
We found two randomised controlled trials that compared clioquinol (PBT1) with placebo in 36 people with mild Alzheimer's dementia. There was no significant difference in cognition between the active and placebo groups at 36 weeks. One participant in the active treatment group developed neurological symptoms (impaired visual acuity and colour vision) which resolved on cessation of treatment and were possibly attributable to the drug. In the second trial a successor compound, PBT2, was compared with a placebo in 78 participants with mild dementia; all were included in the intention-to-treat analysis. There were no significant differences in cognition or non-cognitive symptoms or clinical global impression. However, two executive function component tests of the NTB showed significant improvement over placebo in the PBT 2 250 mg group from baseline to week 12: category fluency test (2.8 words, 95% CI 0.1 to 5.4; P = 0.041) and trail making part B (-48.0 s, 95.0 to -13.0; P= 0.009). In the executive factor Z score, the difference in least squares mean change from baseline at week 12 was 0·27 (0·01 to 0·53; p=0·042). There was not significant difference between the two groups in the Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) or ADAS-Cog scales. The planned phase III trial of PBT1 has been abandoned and this compound has been withdrawn from development. We have some concerns about the quality of the study methodology; there was an imbalance in treatment and control groups after randomisation (participants in the treatment group had a higher mean pre-morbid IQ) and the secondary analyses of results stratified by baseline dementia severity. The second trial was more rigorously conducted and showed that after 12 weeks this compound appeared to be safe and well tolerated. Larger trials are now required to demonstrate cognitive efficacy.
We included 36 studies with 2999 participants (with pulmonary hypertension from all causes) in the final review. Trials were conducted for 14 weeks on average, with some as long as 12 months. Nineteen trials included group 1 PAH participants. PDE5 inhibitors were more likely to improve their WHO functional class, to walk 48 metres further in 6MWD, and were 22% less likely to die over a mean duration of 14 weeks compared to placebo (high-certainty evidence). The number needed to treat to prevent one additional death was 32 participants. There was an increased risk of adverse events, especially headache, gastrointestinal upset, flushing, muscle aches and joint pains, and muscle numbness. Data were of low quality due to imprecision of effect and inconsistency across trials. There were no differences in the number of deaths between the two groups. The quality of the evidence was low due to the small number of included trials. We found no evidence of worsening of hypoxia in those with PH due to lung disease, although data were limited. We did not find any evidence of a difference in mortality between those with left-heart disease (PH-LHD) and those with PAH. We rated the quality of evidence as moderate to low.
We included 22 randomised controlled trials with a total of 2193 participants who received regional anaesthesia for hand, wrist, forearm or elbow surgery. Nine trials comparing double versus single injections showed a statistically significant decrease in primary anaesthesia failure (risk ratio (RR) 0.55, 95% CI 0.34 to 0.89, high-quality evidence) in the multiple-injection group. Pooled data from five trials also showed a significant reduction in incomplete motor block (effect size was greater when neurostimulation was used rather than the transarterial technique). Twelve trials comparing multiple versus double injections showed no significant differences in secondary analgesia failure, complications and patient discomfort. Tourniquet pain was significantly reduced with multiple injections compared with double injections. However, there was insufficient evidence to draw any definitive conclusions regarding differences in other outcomes, including safety. Compared with single injections, the time for block performance was significantly shorter for single injection and double injections, however there was no difference in time to readiness for surgery. The quality of the evidence was high for all comparisons except for the number of participants in the single injection group. There were no differences between groups in any of the three comparisons on secondary pain, complications, patient discomfort, time to ready for surgery and time to block. The evidence is current to January 2016. We included one new trial involving 45 participants in this updated review. This review provides evidence that multiple injection techniques using nerve stimulation for axillary plexus block produce more effective anaesthesia than either double or single injection techniques.
We found three studies that compared beclomethasone 200 mcg twice daily delivered by dry powder Diskhaler to children with mild-moderate asthma. Study duration was 7-12 months. In all three studies, a significant decrease in linear growth occurred in children treated with be clomiphene compared to those receiving placebo or non-steroidal asthma therapy. The average decrease, calculated through meta-analysis, was -1.54 cm per year. These studies lasted a maximum of 54 weeks, so it remains unclear whether the decrease in growth is sustained or whether it reverses with 'catch up' after therapy is discontinued. We are unable to comment on growth effects of other inhaled steroids that have potentially less systemic effects. We recommend using the minimum dose that effectively controls the child's asthma and closely following growth.
This review of three randomised controlled trials (139 patients) found that APD did not differ from CAPD in terms of mortality, risk of peritonitis, hernias, fluid leaks, catheter removal, or hospital admissions. There was no difference between either modality with respect to residual renal function. One study found that patients on APD had significantly less hospital admissions when results were expressed as episodes/patient-year. Another study found more time for work, family and social activities. APD may however be considered advantageous in select group of patients such as in the younger PD population and those in employment or education due to its psychosocial advantages. There is a need for a randomized controlled trial comparing CAPD with APD with sufficiently large patient numbers looking at important clinical outcomes including residual kidney function.
We found 37 randomised controlled trials (9312 patients) comparing RT with CRT, CRT with CT and IF-RT with EF-RT. We found that CRT was superior to RT in terms of overall survival, progression-free survival (PFS), progression/relapse rate (SM) and overall risk of recurrence. Excess SM with RT is due mainly to ST and is apparently caused by greater need for salvage therapy after RT. The superiority of CRT also applied to early and advanced stages (mainly IIIA) separately.  RT alone gives a higher overall SM risk than CRT due to increased need for salvage therapy.  CRT seemed to be better than CT for most early stage (I-II) HD patients, but CT alone seems to cause less SM.  Data were insufficient to compare RT to CT.  EF was better than RT for overall survival and PFS but not OS. No significant difference in SM was observed. IF was also superior to CT in most trials, but EF was not superior for OS. This effect, also seen in AL and ST separately, was due directly to first-line treatment. Reduced SM risk after IF was compared to EF could not be demonstrated. Due to the large number of studies excluded because no IPD were received, to the inclusion of many outdated treatments and to the limited amount of long-term data, one must be cautious in applying these results to current therapies.
We found 26 studies with 27 treatment groups that enrolled a total of 4893 participants. Opioids were administered orally (12 studies), transdermally (5 studies), or intrathecally (10 studies). Many participants discontinued due to adverse effects or insufficient pain relief; however, weak evidence suggests that patients who are able to continue opioids long-term experience clinically significant pain relief. Many minor adverse events (like nausea and headache) occurred, but serious adverse events, including iatrogenic opioid addiction, were rare. Signs of opioid addiction were reported in 0.27% of participants in the studies that reported that outcome. All three modes of administration were associated with clinically significant reductions in pain, but the amount of pain relief varied among studies. Findings regarding quality of life and functional status were inconclusive due to insufficient quantity of evidence for oral administration studies and inconclusive statistical findings for transdermal and intrathecal administration studies.
We found only one study with 212 participants, all with spinal cord injury and open pressure ulcers classed as stage III and IV. The participants were mainly male (98.2%, 106/108) with a mean age of 58.4 (standard deviation 10.4) years in the oxandrolone group and were all male (100%, 104/104). The average age of the participants was 57.3 years, compared with 11.6 years for the participants in the placebo group. The study was stopped early when the futility analysis (interim analysis) in the opinion of the study authors showed no benefit over placebo (an inactive substance consisting of 98% starch and 2% magnesium stearate) and reported data on complete healing of ulcers and adverse events. There was very low-certainty evidence on the relative effect of ox androlone on complete ulcer healing at the end of a 24-week treatment period (risk ratio RR 0.81, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.52 to 1.26) (downgraded twice for imprecision due to an extremely wide 95% CI, which spanned both benefit and harm, and once for indirectness, as the participants were mostly male spinal cord injured patients). Thus, we are uncertain whether oxanderolone improves or reduces the complete healing, as we assessed the certainty of the evidence as very low. There were no serious adverse events reported in the participants treated with oxerolone compared with placebo. However, the risk of non-serious adverse events (non-serious side effects) was higher in the group that received oxarolone. We are uncertain about the effect of anabolic steroids on the number of serious side effects reported in participants who received oxeroid treatment compared with those who did not receive oxaroid treatment (very low quality evidence). There was low-quality evidence for non-significant side effects (low certainty) and very low certainty (low quality) evidence for serious side events (high quality evidence) in this group of participants. There is no high quality evidence to support the use of the anabolic steroid oxaridol (20 mg/day, administered orally) for improving the healing of pressure ulcer wounds. The evidence is up to date as of May 2016.
We included six randomised controlled trials involving 8372 people. All trials were judged to be at high risk of bias for at least one domain. Four trials compared email to standard mail and two compared email communication to usual care. For the primary health service outcome of uptake of preventive screening, there was no difference between email and standard mail. Results were inconclusive for patient or caregiver behaviours and actions. For email versus usual care only, there were no significant differences between groups for the primary outcome of patient health status and well-being. No data were reported relating to healthcare professionals or harms. The evidence on the use of email for the provision of information on disease prevention and health promotion was weak, and therefore inadequate to inform clinical practice. Future research needs to use high-quality study designs that take advantage of the most recent developments in information technology, with consideration of the complexity of email as an intervention.
The review includes 11 studies with 855 participants. A total of nine studies used post-Epley postural restrictions as their modification of the Epley manoeuvre. There was no evidence of a difference in the results for post-treatment vertigo intensity or subjective assessment of improvement in individual or pooled data. All nine trials included the conversion of a positive to a negative Dix-Hallpike test as an outcome measure. Pooled data identified a significant difference from the addition of postural restrictors in the frequency of conversion from positive to negative when compared to the use of the manoeuvre alone. In the experimental group 88.7% (220 out of 248) patients compared to 78.2% (219 out of 280) in the control group converted from a negative to a positive test. No serious adverse effects were reported, however three studies reported minor complications such as neck stiffness, horizontal BPPV, dizziness and disequilibrium in some patients. There is insufficient evidence to support the routine application of mastoid oscillation, or additional steps in an 'augmented' manoeuvre'. Neither treatment is associated with adverse outcomes. Postural restrictions do not expose the majority of patients to risk of harm, do not pose a major inconvenience, and can be routinely discussed and advised. Specific patients who experience discomfort due to wearing a cervical collar and inconvenience in sleeping upright may be treated with the manoeuvres alone and still expect to be cured in most instances.
We found four studies with a total of 231 participants. The studies compared different types of surgery versus various types and doses of systemic and topical steroids and antibiotics. There were three comparison pairs: (1) endoscopic sinus surgery (ESS) versus systemic steroids (one study, 109), (2) polypectomy (two studies, 87), (3) ESS plus topical steroid versus antibiotics plus high-dose topical steroid (one studies, 35). All participants also received topical steroids but doses and types were the same between the treatment arms of each study, except for the study using antibiotics. In that study, the medical treatment arm had higher doses than the surgical arm. In two of the studies, the authors failed to report the outcomes of interest. Although there were important differences in the types of treatments and comparisons used, the results were similar. The quality of this evidence is low or very low. The evidence does not show that one treatment is better than another in terms of patient-reported symptom scores and quality of life measurements. The one positive finding from amongst the several studies examining a number of different comparisons must be treated with caution, in particular when the clinical significance of the measure is uncertain. As the overall evidence is of very low quality (serious methodological limitations, reporting bias, indirectness and imprecision) and insufficient to draw firm conclusions, further research to investigate this problem is justified.
We included eight randomised controlled trials with a total of709 participants. Seven of the trials were from middle-income countries of Asia, Africa, Europe, and Latin America where zinc deficiency is likely to be a public health problem. Four trials compared the effect of zinc-fortified staple foods with unfortified foods (comparison 1), and four compared foods fortified with zinc in combination with other nutrients/factors with the same foods containing other nutrients or factors without zinc. The interventions lasted between one and nine months. None of the studies in comparison 1 reported data on zinc deficiency. Fortification of foods with zinc may improve the serum zinc status of populations if zinc is the only micronutrient used for fortification. However, we did not find a difference in serum or plasma zinc levels when compared with participants consuming foods with no added zinc. There was no reported adverse effect of fortification with zinc on indicators of iron or copper status. We rated the quality of the evidence as low or very low because of the small number of trials and small numbers of participants.
This review included 11 studies with 3060 men with metastatic prostate cancer who were randomly assigned to receive either non-steroidal antiandrogens or medical or surgical castration for advanced prostate cancer. The quality of the evidence was rated as moderate for overall survival, clinical progression, treatment failure and treatment discontinuation due to adverse events, and moderate for adverse events such as breast pain, gynaecomastia, fatigue, loss of sexual interest, haemorrhage, nocturia and hot flashes. However, the quality of evidence was limited by the small number of studies and small numbers of participants in this review. The results of this review are based on 11 randomised controlled trials with a total of 3060 participants. The average age of the men in the studies was 55 years. All studies were conducted in the USA and were funded by the US National Institutes of Health (NIH) or the National Cancer Institute (NCI). The evidence is current to January 2017. The evidence was up to date as of February 2017.
We found eight randomised controlled trials with 600,000 women in the analyses in the age range 39 to 74 years. Three trials with adequate randomisation did not show a statistically significant reduction in breast cancer mortality at 13 years (relative risk (RR) 0.90, 95% CI 0.79 to 1.02); four trials with suboptimal randomisation showed a significant reduction with an RR of 0.75 (95% confidence interval 0.67 to 0.83). The RR for all seven trials combined was 0.81. We found that breast cancer death was an unreliable outcome that was biased in favour of screening, mainly because of differential misclassification of cause of death. The trials did not find an effect of screening on total cancer mortality, including breast cancer, after 10 years or on all-cause mortality after 13 years. Total numbers of lumpectomies and mastectomies were significantly larger in the screened groups. The use of radiotherapy was similarly increased whereas there was no difference in the use of chemotherapy (data available in only two trials). If we assume that screening reduces breast cancer deaths by 15% and that overdiagnosis and overtreatment is at 30%, it means that for every 2000 women invited for screening throughout 10 years, one will avoid dying of breast cancer and 10 healthy women, who would not have been diagnosed if there had not been screening, will be treated unnecessarily. Furthermore, 200 women will experience important psychological distress including anxiety and uncertainty for years because of false positive findings. To help ensure that the women are fully informed before they decide whether or not to attend screening, we have written an evidence-based leaflet for lay people that is available in several languages on www.cochrane.org.
We included four studies, with a total of 522 women. Three studies investigated 10,000 units of hCG priming compared to no priming, and one study compared 20,000 of the same number of units. One of these studies did not report outcomes per woman randomised, and so was not included in formal analysis. We found no evidence of a difference in the live birth rates, miscarriage rates, or clinical pregnancy rates between women who received hCG and those who did not. However, our findings suggested that hCG may be associated with a reduction in the number of women who became pregnant, compared to those who received no hCG. We did not find any data on adverse events (other than miscarriage) or drug reactions. We need further evidence from well-designed randomised controlled trials before we can come to definitive conclusions about the role of the hormone in IVM, and the optimal dose and timing.
This review of 24 randomised controlled trials (10,114 women) found that both ERT and HRT do not prevent cognitive decline in older postmenopausal women when given as short term or longer term (up to five years) therapy. It is not known whether either specific types of ERT or HRT have specific effects in subgroups of women, although there was evidence that combined hormone therapy in similarly aged women was associated with a decrement in a number of verbal memory tests and a small improvement in a test of figural memory. It remains to be determined whether factors such as younger age (< 60 years of age), type of menopause (surgical or natural) and type of treatment (type of estrogen with or without a progestagen), mode of delivery (transdermal, oral or intramuscular) and dosage have positive effects at a clinically relevant level. In addition, whether the absence or presence of menopausal symptoms can modify treatment effects should be investigated in more detail. Large RCTs currently underway in the USA may be able to provide answers to these questions by the year 2010.
We included two studies with 880 participants. Both studies lasted 12 weeks. Both used the same combination of inhaled ICS/LABA (fluticasone furoate and vilanterol 100/25 mcg once daily; FF/VI) versus LAMA (18 mcg tiotropium; TIO). They were published as full articles, and neither study was at low risk of bias in all domains. We found no differences between the two inhalers in terms of side effects. However, we found no difference in the number of people who died or had an exacerbation of COPD. We also did not find a difference in side effects between the inhalers. The quality of the evidence was very low for the following outcomes: mortality, COPD exacerbation (requiring short-burst oral corticosteroids or antibiotics, or both), pneumonia, and total serious adverse events. None of the pneumonias were fatal. Compared to the TIO arm, there was no significant difference for other outcomes, such as hospital admissions (all-cause); disease-specific adverse events; weekly rescue medication use (results available from only one of the studies); and mean weekly percentage of rescue-free days. We are uncertain whether once-daily ICS and LAMA inhalers, combined in one inhaler, have a different efficacy or adverse effect profile compared to LAMA for treatment of people with COPD, and further trials of longer duration are needed. The short follow-up period and the very low quality of evidence limit our confidence in the result and increase uncertainty.
This review included four short-term randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 169 participants with BDD. The evidence is current to May 2015. The results of the studies were limited and of low quality. However, data from a single placebo-controlled trial of fluoxetine and clomipramine (a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor) suggested overall superiority of medication compared to placebo. Symptom severity was also significantly reduced in the RCTs of these drugs, as well as in the two CBT trials (WMD -44.96, 95% CI -54.43 to -35.49, n = 73). A low relapse rate (4/22) was demonstrated in one trial of CBT. Results from the small number of available studies suggest that SRIs and CBT may be useful in treating BDD, but the findings of these studies need to be replicated. In addition, future controlled studies in other samples, such as adolescents, and using other selective SRIs, and a range of psychological therapy approaches and modalities (alone and in combination), are essential to supplement the sparse data currently available.
We found three randomised controlled trials that compared desensitization of cotrimoxazole with a rechallenge protocol for prophylaxis of opportunistic infections in HIV-infected adults with a previous history of mild or moderate hypersensitivity to the drug. In the small trials included in this review, when compared to rechallenging the drug with a new protocol, desensitized patients had fewer treatment discontinuations and overall adverse reactions when compared with rechallenged patients. No severe hypersensitivity reactions occurred for either protocol in the three studies. Paediatric data and trials in resource-poor settings are urgently required.
We included three randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) comparing midazolam with placebo (placebo) in 148 preterm infants. We found no new trials for this update. Using different sedation scales, each study showed a statistically significantly higher sedation level in the sedation group compared with the placebo group. However, none of the scales used have been validated in preterm babies; therefore, we could not ascertain the effectiveness of midazoam in this population. The length of stay in the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) was significantly longer in the midazoid group than in the placebo. One study (43 infants) reported significantly lower Premature Infant Pain Profile (PIPP) scores during midazoram infusion than during dextrose infusion (MD -3.80, 95% CI -5.93 to -1.67). Another study (46 infants) observed a higher incidence of adverse neurological events (death, grade III or IV IVH or PVL) at 28 days' postnatal age (adverse neurological events) in the morphine group (RR 7.64,95% CI 1.02 to 57.21). We considered these trials to be of moderate quality according to GRADE assessment based on the following outcomes: mortality during hospital stay, length of NICU stay, adequacy of analgesia according to PIPP scores and poor neurological outcomes by 28 days of age. Data are insufficient to promote the use of intravenous midazoline as a sedative for neonates undergoing intensive care. Further research is needed.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials involving 767 participants. The evidence is current to May 2016. The trials were randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled studies. No differences were detected between the antibiotic and placebo/no treatment arms for people with diarrhoea at two to four days after treatment (one trial, 46 participants; very low quality evidence). No difference was detected for the presence of diarrhoeas at five to seven days (two trials, 192 participants) or clinical failure (seven trials, 440 participants). The mean difference was 0 days (four trials, 202 participants) for fever and duration of illness (two studies, 116 participants). Quinolone antibiotic treatment resulted in a significantly higher number of negative stool cultures for NTS during the first week of treatment (microbiological failure: 166 participants, four trials). Antibiotic treatment meant passage of the same Salmonella serovar one month after treatment was almost twice as likely (three trials, 112 participants, three trials), which was statistically significant. Non-severe adverse drug reactions were more common among the patients who received antibiotic treatment. We are uncertain of the effects in very young people, very old people, and in people with severe and extraintestinal disease. There is no evidence of benefit for antibiotics in otherwise healthy people.
We included 23 studies (n = 4192 participants) assessing the accuracy of plasma interleukin-6 for the diagnosis of sepsis in critically ill adults. Twenty studies that were available as conference proceedings only are awaiting classification. The included participants were heterogeneous in terms of their age, gender, main diagnosis, setting, country, positivity threshold, septic criteria, year of publication, and origin of infection, among other factors. Prevalence of septic shock varied greatly across studies, ranging from 12% to 78%. We considered all studies to be at high risk of bias due to issues related to the index test domain in QUADAS-2. The SROC curve showed a great dispersion in individual studies accuracy estimates (21 studies, 3650 adult patients), therefore the considerable heterogeneity in the collected data prevented us from calculating formal accuracy estimates. Using a fixed prevalence of 50% and a fixed specificity of 74%, we found 66% (95% confidence interval 60 to 72). If we test a cohort 1000 adult patients under suspicion of septicaemia with IL-6, we will find that 330 patients would receive appropriate and timely antibiotic therapy, while 130 patients would be wrongly considered to have septic shock. In addition, 370 out of 1000 patients would avoid unnecessary antibiotic treatment, and 170 patients would have been undiagnosed. This numerical approach should be interpreted with caution due to the limitations described above. The conclusions of the review will likely change once the 20 studies pending publication are fully published and included.
We included 29 randomised controlled trials with a total of 5718 participants. There were 16 trials that included people with wounds resulting from surgical procedures with a 'clean' classification, five trials included people undergoing what was considered 'clean/contaminated' surgery, with the remaining studies including people undergoing a variety of surgical procedures. Four trials compared wound dressings with no wound dressing (wound exposure); the remaining 25 studies compared alternative dressing types with a basic wound contact dressing with film dressings, silver dressings or hydrocolloid dressings. The evidence is current to May 2017. We found no evidence that wound exposure or any dressing reduces or increases the risk of SSI compared with alternative options investigated. It is uncertain whether any particular wound dressing is more effective than others in improving wound healing by primary intention, improving scarring, reducing pain, improving acceptability to patients, or is easier to remove. Most studies in this review were small and at a high or unclear risk of bias. Studies were small, reported low numbers of adverse events and were often not clearly reported. Based on the current evidence, decision makers may wish to base decisions about how to dress a wound following surgery on dressing costs as well as patient preference.
We found two randomised controlled trials. One trial compared oral 100 microgram (µg) selenium yeast tablets with placebo, taken from the first trimester until birth. The trial randomised 179 women but outcome data were only provided for 85 women. There was a high risk of attrition bias due to a large proportion of women withdrawing from the study or not completing an Edinburgh Postnatal Depression Scale (EPDS). In the placebo arm, 64 women completed the trial, 41 of whom completed an EPDS. Women who were found to have major depressive disorder, bipolar disorder, current substance abuse or dependence, suicidal ideation or schizophrenia at recruitment were excluded from the trial. The women who discontinued the intervention (five in the EPA arm, four in the DHA arm and seven in the placebo) were included in the intention-to-treat analysis, while those who were lost to follow-up were not. This included study did not report on any of the secondary outcomes of this review. The other trial compared docosahexanoic acid and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) with placebo. The study randomised 126 women at risk of postpartum depression to three arms: 42 were allocated to EPA, 42 to DHA, and 42 to placebo. Women received supplements or placebo from recruitment at a gestational age of 12 to 20 weeks until their final review visit six to eight weeks after birth. Women were randomised to each arm of the study. Sixty-one women completed an Edinburgh postnatal depression scale and 44 completed the EPDS, 44 of whom did not complete the scale. Selenium had an effect on EPDS scores but did not reach statistical significance (P = 0.07). The mean difference (MD) of -1.90 (95% confidence interval (CI) -3.92 to 0.12) of the self-reported EPDS completed by participants within eight weeks of delivery. No difference was found in the effect of EPA-rich fish oil (MD 0.70, 95% CI 0.78 to 3.18) or DHA-rich Fish oil supplementation. Three women in EPA and four women in DHA and one woman in EPA lost to the placebo group. The primary outcome measure was the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) score at the fifth visit. No benefit was found for EPA, DHA or EPA in preventing the occurrence of depression in the first week after birth, or in the number of women who commenced antidepressants, maternal estimated blood loss at delivery or admission of newborn babies to the neonatal intensive care unit. There is currently no evidence to recommend any other dietary supplement for prevention of postbaby depression.
We identified 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared different doses of anthracycline in people with leukaemias and solid tumours. We found seven studies with a total of 5280 participants. The majority of participants included in these studies were adults with different types of solid tumour. The evidence is current to January 2016. We compared the effects of different doses and durations of the drug in children and adults. We did not find a significant difference in the occurrence of clinical heart failure in participants treated with a doxorubicin peak dose of less than 60 mg/m2 or 60 mg per day or more. We also found no evidence of cardiotoxicity (cardiac damage) in the other peak doses, so we could not draw any conclusions about the effect of this drug. The quality of the evidence in this review was very low. High or unclear 'Risk of bias' issues were present in all studies. More high-quality research is needed.
We included 37 randomised controlled trials with a total of 3110 participants in this review. Studies included both adults and children with TBI. Most studies commenced treatment immediately on admission to hospital or after craniotomies and all treatment was maintained for at least 24 hours. Thirty-three studies reported mortality, 31 studies reported unfavourable outcomes (death, vegetative state or severe disability), and 14 studies reported pneumonia. We did not combine the results for these outcomes because there were differences in the direction of effect, and we did not pool these data for meta-analysis. We considered duration of hypothermia therapy and the length of follow-up in collected data for these subgroups; differences in study data remained such that we could not combine them for analysis. Studies were generally poorly reported and we were unable to assess risk of bias adequately. Heterogeneity was evident both in the trial designs and participant inclusion. Inconsistencies in results may be explained by heterogeneity among study participants or bias introduced by individual study methodology. We used the GRADE approach to judge the quality of the evidence for each outcome and downgraded the evidence from very low to low. We found no high-quality evidence for the pneumonia outcome.
We found three high-quality and three low-quality studies, involving 519 people with depression. The studies were very heterogeneous in terms of interventions, participants, and measuring instruments. Despite fairly good methodological quality and positive findings of some studies, evidence for the effectiveness of family therapy for depression did not exceed level 3 (limited or conflicting evidence), except for moderate evidence (level 2), based on the non-combined findings from three studies, indicating that family therapy is more effective than no treatment or waiting list condition on decreasing depression, and on increasing family functioning. At this point, use of psychological interventions for the treatment of depression for which there is already an evidence-base would seem to be preferable to family therapy. Further high quality trials examining the effectiveness and comparative effectiveness of explicitly defined family therapy are required.
This review included three randomised controlled trials involving 206 participants with vascular dementia. All three included studies were assessed as being at high risk of bias. When analysing these trials together, there was significant beneficial effect of Duxil on the improvement of cognitive function measured by MMSE (WMD 2.04, 95% CI 1.43 to 2.66). No data on behaviour and death at the end of treatment and follow-up were available from the included trials. Two trials failed to show an improvement of functional performance measured by ADL. Of the three included trials, all described the adverse events in detail, there were no statistically significant differences across the trials. Behaviour disturbance, quality of life, caregiver burden were not undertaken. Due to the low methodological quality of included trials and small number of trials and probable publication bias, this review did not provide sufficient evidence to support the routine use of Doxil for the treatment of patients with dementia. High-quality and large-scale randomised trials are needed to confirm or refute these results.
This review included seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 960 participants. The quality of the evidence was generally low, with several studies at risk of selection bias, and no studies used blinding during treatment or outcome assessment. There was a high level of statistical variation between the studies, which reduces the reliability of the results. The OR for seroma formation was 0.46 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.23 to 0.91, P = 0.03) in favour of a reduced incidence of seroma in participants with drains inserted. A mean difference of 0.79 fewer postoperative seroma aspirations were found in the drained population in two trials including 212 participants. No significant difference in the number of haematoma aspirations was reported. The mean difference in length of hospital stay, reported in four trials consisting of 600 participants, was 1.47 days greater in the drain population. There were no significant differences in infection rates between those who received a drain and those who did not, nor was there any significant difference between the two groups in the incidence of lymphoedema. There is limited quality evidence that insertion of a drain following axillary lymphadenectomy reduced the odds of developing a seroma and reduced the numbers of post-operative aspirations. These benefits should be balanced against an increased length of time spent in hospital.
We found eight studies with 390,769 participants. Five studies used a prospective cohort design, two were case-control studies and one was a randomised controlled trial (RCT). The methodological quality was measured using the Newcastle-Ottawa scale (NOS). The three prospective cohort studies were of high methodological quality, and two were of medium methodological quality. The two RCTs were of moderate quality. There was no evidence that total flavonoid intake reduced the risk of colorectal neoplasms. The evidence for Isoflavones, Flavonols, Flavones and Flavanones was conflicting. For Flavan-3-ols, the results from two studies suggested that increased intake of Flavan 3-ols reduced both CRC and adenomas. A statistically significant reduced risk of CRC was found with high intake of epicatechin. For procyanidin, phytoestrogen and anthocyanin, there was insufficient evidence to suggest that high intake had an inverse association with adenoma. There is insufficient and conflicting evidence regarding the association between flavonoids and the prevention of colon cancer. Therefore, more evidence is needed.
We included seven trials with 1369 participants. Five trials used our first definition of slow responders, and three other trials (including one that used both definitions) used the second definition. None of the included trials mentioned our primary outcomes. However, regarding the secondary outcomes, extension of the treatment period to 72 weeks increased the sustained virological response according to both definitions. The number of participants who relapsed virologically was found to be lower in the groups that had been treated for 72 weeks. The length of treatment did not significantly affect the adherence (247/279 (88.5%) versus 252/274 (92.0)). In the single trial that reported adverse events, no significant difference was seen between the two treatment groups. The observed intervention effects can be caused by both systematic error (bias) and random errors (play of chance). There was no reporting on mortality and the reporting of clinical outcomes and adverse events was insufficient.
We found two studies with 34 participants. Both studies evaluated the diagnostic test accuracy of EUS in assessing the resectability with curative intent in pancreatic cancers. There was no evidence to suggest that EUS should be performed routinely in people with pancreatic cancer or periampullary cancer found to have resectable disease on CT scan. The overall risk of bias was low in one study and unclear or high in the second study. The mean probability of unresectable disease after CT scan across studies was 60.5% (that is 61 out of 100 patients who had resected cancer on laparotomy). The summary estimate of specificity for EUS for unresectability was 0.87 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.54 to 0.97). The positive likelihood ratio and negative likelihood ratio were 4.3 and 0.2 respectively. At the mean pre-test probability of 60% (pre-test) for people with a positive EUS (EUS indicating unresectibility) was 86.9%, and 20% (5% to 53%) of people with negative EUS. This means that 13% of people (3% to 39%) with positive EUs have potentially resesectable cancer and 20.0% (five to 53.7%) have potentially unsectable cancers. Based on two small studies, there is significant uncertainty in the utility of the EUS test. There is not enough evidence to support or refute the use of the test in the treatment of pancreatic or peritoneal cancer.
We found 34 studies (2169 participants with blepharitis) with a total of 20 studies (1661 participants) and 14 studies (508 participants) (12 RCTs and 2 CCTs) with 508 participants. The results of these studies were inconclusive. Topical antibiotics were shown to provide some symptomatic relief and were effective in eradicating bacteria from the eyelid margin for anterior blephritis. The effectiveness of other treatments for blephharitis, such as topical steroids and oral antibiotics, was inconclusive, and there is no strong evidence for any of the treatments in terms of curing chronic blephharitis. Commercial products are marketed to consumers and prescribed to patients without substantial evidence of effectiveness. Further research is needed to evaluate the effectiveness of such treatments. Medical interventions and commercial products should be compared with conventional lid hygiene measures to determine effectiveness, as well as head-to-head to show comparative effectiveness between treatments. Outcomes of interest should be patient-centered and measured using validated questionnaires or scales. It is important that participants be followed long-term, at least one year, to assess chronic outcomes properly. Any RCT designed for this purpose should separate participants by type of condition (e.g. staphylococcal or MGD) in order to minimize imbalances between groups (type I errors).
We included one study with a total of 23 participants. This study was at high risk of bias. None of our primary outcomes and only one of our secondary outcomes (reduction in volume of disease, assessed endoscopically) was measured in the study. There was no significant difference between the groups (very low-quality evidence). Adverse effects reported included airway swelling requiring intubation in a child with severe RRP a few hours after photodynamic therapy. Outcomes such as improvement in symptoms (respiratory function and voice quality) and quality of life should be measured in future trials. Multicentre randomised controlled trials with appropriate sample sizes and long-term follow-up are required.
We identified 42 studies with 4220 participants. Twenty studies evaluated the accuracy of CDUS. These studies were generally of moderate to low quality: only three studies fulfilled all the QUADAS items; in six (40%) of the studies, the delay between the tests was unclear or longer than four weeks; in eight (50%), the blinding of either the index test or the reference standard was not clearly reported or was not performed; and in two studies (12%) the interpretation of the reference test was not clear. Eleven studies evaluated CE-CDUS and these studies were of better quality than the CDUS studies: five (45%) studies fulfilled the standard and four (36%) did not clearly report clearly the blinding interpretation of reference standard; and two (18%) were not clearly blind to the difference between the two tests. Based on the bivariate model, the summary estimates for CDUS were 0.82 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.66 to 0.91) for specificity and 0.93 (95%) for sensitivity, respectively. Seven studies provided estimates before and after administration of contrast. The improvement in sensitivity with of contrast use was statistically significant (P = 0.0242 for model improvement). Regression testing showed evidence of statistically significant effect bias related to year of publication and study quality within individual participants based CDUS based studies. Sensitivity estimates were higher in the studies published before 2006 than the estimates obtained from studies published in 2006 or later (P < 0.001); and studies judged as low/unclear quality provided higher estimates in terms of sensitivity and specificity. When regression testing was applied to the individual studies, none of the items, namely direction of the study design, quality, and age, were identified as a source of heterogeneity. Twenty-two studies provided accuracy data based on number of scans performed (of which four provided data with and without the use of contrast). Analysis of the results from the studies that provided scan based data showed similar results. This review demonstrates that both ultrasound modalities (with or without contrast) showed high specificity. In an endoleak surveillance programme, CDUS can be introduced as a routine diagnostic modality followed by CT scan only when the ultrasound is positive and the subsequent therapeutic management.
We found seven studies, with 766 women, with low back pain in labour only. We found little evidence that sterile water is effective for low back or any other labour pain. There was no significant difference between sterile water and saline for rates of caesarean section, instrumental delivery, rescue analgesia, timing of delivery, or Apgar scores. No adverse events were reported other than transient pain with injection, which was worse with sterile water. No study reported on women's satisfaction with pain relief, women's sense of control in labour, mothers' satisfaction with the childbirth experience, mother/baby interaction, rates of breastfeeding, maternal morbidity, infant long-term outcomes, or cost. The outcomes reported severely limit conclusions for clinical practice.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials with a total of 1932 participants that compared glue with sutures for hernia fixation in Lichtenstein hernia repair. We found that glue may reduce chronic pain and not simultaneously increase the recurrence of hernia recurrence compared with suture. Fixation with glue was superior to suture regarding duration of the operation, haematoma, and recovery time to daily activities. However, the results changed when we compared the type of mesh. We also found no significant differences in adverse events between the two groups. The quality of the evidence was moderate to low. We did not find enough data to be able to draw any conclusions about the difference between synthetic glue and biological glue. The evidence is current to May 2017.
We found 32 studies addressing technical editing and 66 surveys of reference accuracy. Only three of the studies were randomised controlled trials. A 'package' of largely unspecified editorial processes applied between acceptance and publication was associated with improved readability in two studies and improved reporting quality in another two studies, while another study showed mixed results after stricter editorial policies were introduced. More intensive editorial processes were associated with fewer errors in abstracts and references, but no difference was seen in the quality of abstracts in one study. Providing instructions to authors was related to improved reporting of ethics requirements in one trial, but fewer errors were found in two other trials. Structuring generally improved the quality, but increased the length of the articles. The reference accuracy studies showed a median citation error rate of 38% and a median quotation error of 20%. Surprisingly few studies have evaluated the effects of technical editing rigorously. However there is some evidence that the'package' used by biomedical journals does improve papers. A substantial number of references in biomedical articles are cited or quoted inaccurately.
We included 15 studies with 721 participants with cancer pain due to diverse types of malignancy. All studies were performed on adults; there were no studies on children. The included studies were of adequate methodological quality, but all except for one were judged to be at a high risk of bias because of small study size, and six because of methods used to deal with missing data or high withdrawal rates. Three studies used a parallel group design; the remainder were cross-over trials in which there was an adequate washout period, but only one reported results for treatment periods separately. Twelve studies used codeine as a single agent and three combined it with paracetamol. Ten studies included a placebo arm, and 14 included one or more of 16 different active drug comparators or compared different routes of administration. Most studies investigated the effect of a single dose of medication, while five used treatment periods of one, seven or 21 days. There were no data for children. Only two studies reported our preferred responder outcome of at least 50% reduction in pain and two reported 'participants with no worse than mild pain'. Eleven studies reported treatment group mean measures of pain intensity or pain relief; overall for these outcome measures, codeine or codeine plus paracetaminol was numerically superior to placebo and equivalent to the active comparators. Adverse event reporting was poor: only two studies were able to report the number of participants with any adverse event specified by treatment group and only one had any serious adverse event. In multiple-dose studies nausea, vomiting and constipation were common, with somnolence and dizziness frequent in the 21-day study. Withdrawal from the studies, where reported, was less than 10% except in two studies. Three deaths, in all cases due to the underlying cancer, were reported. The available evidence indicates that codeine is more effective against cancer pain than placebo, but with increased risk of nausea and vomiting. Uncertainty remains as to the magnitude and time-course of the analgesic effect and the safety and tolerability in longer-term use. We identified only a small amount of data in studies that were both randomised and double-blind. Studies were small, of short duration, and most had significant shortcomings in reporting.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials (11 randomized controlled trials and one quasi-randomized trial) of 563 people with HbSS, HbSC or HbSβthal, aged six to 35 years old. The majority of participants were African-American. Interventions ranged from a total of one hour to weekly sessions for eight weeks and the post-intervention assessments ranged from the end of the intervention period to 12 months after completion. There were two primary outcomes related to the effectiveness of educational programs on the recognition of signs and symptoms of disease-related morbidity. There was evidence that educational programs improved patient knowledge, which improved further when a trial with high bias was removed in a analysis. Caregiver knowledge, reported in a single trial of 20 families, also showed an improvement. The effect on patient knowledge was sustained at longer follow-up periods, whereas the effect on caregiver knowledge was not sustained. No comparative data were reported for patients or caregivers (or both) recognising signs or symptoms leading to self-management. Data from two trials were analysed for the utilization of health services and showed no evidence of an effect. With regard to the review's secondary outcomes, depression showed a statistically significant decline in intervention groups, standardised mean difference -0.66 points (95% confidence interval -1.18, to 0.14, moderate quality evidence). Adherence to treatment was not assessed in any of the identified trials. No effects of interventions were seen on coping, family relationships or health-related quality of life of patients. The quality of evidence was low for positive coping and moderate for child knowledge, healthcare utilization and depression. This suggests that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect and may change the estimates.
We found six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 2411 participants. All six studies included adult participants between 16 and 80 years old, and treatment periods ranged from 7 to 16 weeks. Only one study included participants with both focal and generalised onset seizures; the other five trials included only participants with focal onset seizures only. One study did not report how blinding was maintained, and another noted discrepancies in reporting. Participants receiving brivaracetam add-on were significantly more likely to experience a 50% or greater reduction in seizure frequency than those receiving placebo (moderate-quality evidence). They were also more than twice as likely to attain seizure freedom (moderate quality evidence). The incidence of treatment withdrawal for any reason, as well as the risk of participants experiencing one or more adverse events, was not significantly different following treatment with brivar acetam compared to placebo. However, participants receiving bri varacetam did appear to be significantly more unlikely to withdraw from treatment specifically because of adverse events compared with those receiving a placebo. It is important to note that only one of the eligible studies included patients with generalised epilepsy. None of the studies included participants under the age of 16, and all studies were of short duration. Therefore, these findings are mainly applicable to adult patients with drug-resistant focal epilepsy.
We included 38 studies, mostly from high-income countries, many of which explored mothers' perceptions of vaccine communication. Some studies focused on the MMR (measles, mumps, rubella) vaccine. In general, parents wanted more information than they were getting. Lack of information led to worry and regret about vaccination decisions among some parents. Parents wanted balanced information about vaccination benefits and harms, presented clearly and simply (moderate confidence) and tailored to their situation (low confidence). Parents wanted vaccination information to be available at a wider variety of locations, including outside health services, and in good time before each vaccination appointment. Parents viewed health workers as an important source of information and had specific expectations of their interactions with them. Poor communication and negative relationships with health workers sometimes impacted on vaccination decisions. Parents generally found it difficult to know which vaccination information source to trust and challenging to find information they felt was unbiased and balanced (high confidence). The amount of information parents wanted and the sources they felt could be trusted appeared to be linked to acceptance of vaccination, with parents who were more hesitant wanting more information (low to moderate confidence). Most of the trial interventions addressed at least one or two key aspects of communication, including the provision of information prior to the vaccination appointment and tailoring information to parents' needs. None of the interventions appeared to respond to negative media stories or address parental perceptions of health worker motives. We have high or moderate confidence in the evidence contributing to several review findings. Further research, especially in rural and low- to middle-income country settings, could strengthen evidence for the findings where we had low or very low confidence.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials with a total of 599 anorexia nervosa participants. Seven had been identified in the previous versions of this review and we now include three new trials. We now deem one previously identified ongoing trial to be ineligible, and six ongoing trials are new for this update. Two of the 10 trials included children. The results suggest that treatment as usual (TAU) when delivered by a non-eating-disorder specialist or similar may be less efficacious than focal psychodynamic therapy. This was suggested for a primary outcome of recovery by achievement of a good or intermediate outcome on the Morgan and Russell Scale (very low-quality evidence). However there were no differences between cognitive analytic therapy and TAU for this outcome, nor for body mass index (BMI), nor for overall dropout rates. There was a suggestion in one trial that dietary advice might be superior to TAU, but this is in the context of TAU performing poorly. An alternative control condition of dietary advice alone appeared to be unacceptable, but again this is based on just one trial. Dietary advice as a control arm had a 100% non-completion rate (35 participants). None of the trials identified any adverse effects. The quality of the evidence was very low, mainly due to the small number of participants in the studies and the small size of the studies.
The review included 516 participants from three randomised controlled trials. One study was conducted in the USA and consisted of two trials: the first trial randomized 151 participants to receive either silicone oil or sulfur hexafluoride (SF6) gas tamponades; and the second trial randomized 271 adults to receive silicone oil and perfluropropane (C3F8) gas. The third trial was a multi-center international trial and randomized 94 participants (age range not specified) to receive heavy silicone oil (a mixture of perfluorohexyloctane (F6H8) and silicone oil) versus standard silicone oil. In participants with RD associated with PVR, outcomes after pars plana vitrectomy were comparable for a broad variety of cases. There were no significant differences in the proportion of participants achieving at least 5/200 visual acuity (risk ratio (RR) 097; 95% confidence interval (CI) 073 to 1.31) or achieving macular attachment (RR 1.00, 0.86, and 1.15) at a minimum of one year. There was no significant difference in the number of participants who were able to return to normal vision at two years after the operation. For the third trial, only the total number of adverse events was reported, and adverse events for each group were not specified. Of the 94 participants, four died, 26 had recurrent retinal detachment, 22 developed glaucoma, four developed a cataract, and two had capsular fibrosis. All three trials employed adequate methods for random sequence generation and allocation concealment. The first trial had a large portion of participants excluded from the final analyses, while the other two trials were at low risk of attrition bias. All trials appear to be free of reporting bias. None of the trials used masking of participants and surgeons, and only the third study masked outcome assessors. The three trials were funded by the National Eye Institute and the third by the German Research Foundation. In the first two trials, which had a power of 80% to detect differences, heavy silicone was not shown to be superior to standard silicone, and there were no differences between standard silicone and heavy silicone in the change in vision at one year using adjusted mean logMAR (mean difference -0.03 logMAR). Adverse events were not reported for the first and third trials. The second trial did not perform any sample size calculation or power detection, and in the third, which did not have enough participants to be able to detect a difference between the two agents, there was not enough evidence to determine which was better. There is insufficient evidence to recommend the use of either of these agents for the treatment of people with RD. The choice of a tamponade agent should be individualized for each patient.
We included five studies (involving 1819 women) in this review. There was a lower risk of composite maternal mortality and severe morbidity for women randomised to receive planned early delivery (evidence graded high). There were no clear differences between subgroups based on our subgroup analysis by gestational age, gestational week or condition. Planned early delivery was associated with higher levels of respiratory distress syndrome and admission to the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU). There was no clear difference between groups for caesarean section or in the duration of hospital stay for the mother after delivery of the baby or for the baby. There is not enough information to draw any conclusions about the effects on composite infant mortality and moderate morbidity. We did not pool data in meta-analysis. The quality of the evidence was moderate. Two fairly large, well-designed trials with overall low risk of bias contributed the majority of evidence. No studies attempted to blind participants or clinicians to group allocation, potentially introducing bias as women and staff would have been aware of the intervention and this may have affected aspects of care and decision-making. The level of evidence was graded high (composite maternal deaths and morbidity), moderate (care for mother and baby after delivery for mother, and duration of stay in hospital after birth for baby) or low (composed infant deaths and complications). Where the evidence is downgraded, it was mostly because the confidence intervals were wide, crossing both the line of no effect and appreciable benefit or harm.
We found six randomised controlled trials with 142 participants. Two studies compared three-times-a-week prophylactic administration with on-demand treatment in children with hemophilia. Pooled results from these two studies showed a rate ratio of 0.30 (95% confidence interval; 0.12 to 0.76) for all bleedings and 0.22 for joint bleedings favouring the use of anticoagulant treatment. Three of the remaining four studies evaluated hemophiliac A; one showed a statistically significant decrease in frequency of joint bleeds compared to placebo, with a rate difference of -10.73 bleeds per year. Two other studies compared two different regimens, failing to demonstrate an advantage of one regimen over the other in terms of bleeding frequency. The fourth study compared two regimens and showed fewer joint bleings with weekly (15 IU/kg) versus bi-weekly (7.5 IU per week) prophilactic clotting factor concentrates in adult patients. There was no difference in the number of patients with preserved joints after three to seven years of follow-up. Non-significant increases in both inhibitor and infectious complications were observed, which occurred more often when using long-term venous access. There is not enough evidence from randomised trials to confirm the observational evidence that anti-joint therapy reduces bleeding and related complications in patients with existing joint damage.
We included 13 randomised controlled trials with a total of 1824 participants in this review. We were unable to pool data for any of the outcomes due to the differences between the interventions assessed in the studies. Eight studies aimed to induce remission; overall survival did not differ significantly between treatment groups. Five trials aimed to maintain remission. In two out of three studies reporting survival, this was substantial but the difference was not statistically significant between treatment and control groups. Less aggressive treatment schedules appear to produce similar effects with less adverse event profiles. This review notes a preference in more recent studies for less aggressive care options for treatment of BL. However, the evidence for the relative effectiveness of interventions to treat BL is not strong as studies were small, underpowered and prone to both systematic and random error. We included one additional trial without change of conclusions.
Two studies involving 447 women were included in this review. In both studies the women received a 1500 IU (300 microgram) dose of Rhophylac during week 28 of gestation. There was no incidence of RhD alloimmunization in either of the studies, as the sample size was insufficient for meaningful comparison of this uncommon outcome. One study found that the mean anti-D IgG concentrations after IV and IM administration differed up to seven days (36.1 (2.6) ng/mL IV; 19.8 (8.7) mg/mL IM on day seven). However, from two to three weeks post-administration, the concentrations were similar for both routes of administration. None of the women involved in the studies developed antibodies against the RhD antigen. It appears that IM and IV are equally effective. The number of included studies and the number of participants are not enough to assess whether there are any differences. The choice of IM or IV route of administration will depend on the available preparations, the dose to be administered and also on the patients' preferences.
This review included eight studies with a total of 21,379 patients with diabetes. All trials included patients with previous CVD except the CHARISMA trial which included patients who had multiple risk factors for coronary artery disease. The mean duration of follow-up ranged from 365 days to 913 days. Data for diabetes patients on all-cause mortality, vascular mortality and myocardial infarction were only available for one trial (355 patients). This trial compared ticlopidine to placebo and did not demonstrate any statistically significant differences in the number of people who died, had a stroke or had a heart attack. There were no data available from any of the trials on peripheral vascular disease, health-related quality of life, adverse events specifically for people with diabetes, or costs. Data on stroke were available in three trials (31% of total diabetes participants). Overall pooling of two (statistically heterogeneous) studies showed no statistically significant reduction in the combination of fatal and non-fatal stroke (359/3194 versus 356/3146) for ADP receptor antagonists versus other antiplatelet drugs. The available evidence is limited and most trials do not report outcomes for patients with and without diabetes separately. Trials with diabetes patients and subgroup analyses of patients with both diabetes and CVD in trials with combined populations are needed to provide a more robust evidence base to guide clinical management.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials with a total of 191 people with cystic fibrosis. Seven trials evaluated single treatment sessions, one evaluated a two-week intervention and one evaluated six-week interventions and one a three-month intervention. Six trials (151 participants) evaluated non-invasive ventilation for airway clearance compared with an alternative chest physiotherapy method such as the active cycle of breathing techniques or positive expiratory pressure. Three trials used nasal masks, one used a nasal mask or mouthpiece and one trial used a face mask and in one trial it is unclear. Three of the trials reported on one of the review's primary outcome measures (quality of life). Results for the reviews secondary outcomes showed that airway clearing may be easier with non-intervention and people with fibrosis may prefer it. We were unable to find any evidence that non-intravenous ventilation increases sputum expectoration, but it did improve some lung function parameters. One trial (13 participants) reported that a participant withdrew at the start of the trial due to pain on respiratory muscle testing. A second trial (27 participants) compared non-inspirational ventilation for overnight support compared to oxygen or room air using nasal masks (two trials) and nasal masks or full face masks (one trial). Trials reported on quality of life and symptoms of sleep-disordered breathing. Results for our secondary outcome measures showed that they measured lung function, gas exchange, adherence to treatment and preference, and nocturnal transcutaneous carbon dioxide. No clear differences were found in the results of the RevMan (a computerised breathing machine) compared with oxygen and room air except for exercise performance, which was significantly improved in the six weeks after the intervention compared to room air over six weeks. The RevMan did not report on any of our other outcomes. The trial found no clear differences in any of the other outcomes compared to no invasive ventilation for any of these outcomes. We did not find any data on adverse effects, but one trial (12 participants) found that one participant could not tolerate an increase in inspiratory positive airway pressure in this setting, one participant developed a pneumothorax when breathing room air and two participants experienced aerophagia (a condition in which the airway gets stuck in a person's lungs) which resolved when inspiratory negative airway pressures were decreased. There was no evidence of a difference in the number of people who were able to breathe through their nose or mouth. The results of one trial did not show any difference in exercise capacity between the two types of breathing machine. The quality of the evidence in this review was limited by the small numbers of participants and the small number of participants in the studies. We judged the quality of evidence in the trials to be of low or very low risk of bias due to incomplete results and selective reporting.
We included seven studies with 245 people with COPD. We found no evidence that NIPPV at home for at least three months in hypercapnic patients with stable COPD had no consistent clinically or statistically significant effect on gas exchange, exercise tolerance, quality of life, lung function, respiratory muscle strength or sleep efficiency. However, we cannot exclude an effect that is clinically significant (considering that the minimal clinically difference on 6MWD is around 26 m).
We found four randomised controlled trials, involving 1190 women, that compared induction of labour for suspected macrosomia with expectant management. There was no clear effect of induction on the risk of caesarean section or instrumental delivery. There were no clear differences between groups for brachial plexus injury (two events were reported in the control group in one trial, low-quality evidence). There was also no strong evidence of any difference between groups in measures of neonatal asphyxia, low five-minute infant Apgar scores (less than seven), low arterial cord blood pH (very low blood flow to the brain) or low blood pressure (very high blood pressure to the spinal cord) in the induction group. However, there was some evidence of increased perineal damage, and the possibility of increased use of phototherapy, both in the largest trial, should also be kept in mind. In one study with data for 818 women, third- and fourth-degree vaginal tears were increased in the women who had been induced, but the power of the included studies to show a difference for such a rare event is limited. Induction of labour has not been shown to alter the number of birth fractures in the baby's head, but there is not enough evidence to say whether or not this is a difference. The evidence is up to date as of May 2016. We rated the quality of the evidence as moderate to high for all outcomes except for fracture and shoulder dystocia, which we rated as low to moderate, and low to low to high to high, respectively. The quality of evidence was downgraded due to lack of blinding and imprecise results.
We found 159 randomised clinical trials with 95,286 participants. The age of participants ranged from 18 to 107 years. Most trials included women older than 70 years. The mean proportion of women was 77%. Forty-eight of the trials randomly assigned 94,491 healthy participants. Of these, four trials included healthy volunteers, nine trials included postmenopausal women and 35 trials included older people living on their own or in institutional care. The remaining eight trials randomised 795 participants with neurological, cardiovascular, respiratory or rheumatoid diseases. Vitamin D was administered for a weighted mean of 4.4 years. Forty-five trials (80%) reported the baseline vitamin D status of participants based on serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels. Participants in the remaining 26 trials had vitamin D insufficiency (less than 20 ng/mL). Vitamin D decreased mortality in all 56 trials analysed together. When different forms of vitamin D were assessed in separate analyses, only vitamin D3 decreased mortality (4,153/37,817 (11.0%) vs 4,340/38,110 (10.4)). Vitamin D2, alfacalcidol and calcitriol did not significantly affect mortality. A subgroup analysis of trials at high risk of bias suggested that vitamin D2 may even increase mortality, but this finding could be due to random errors. More than 8% of participants dropped out of the studies. We did not observe any significant differences in the effect of Vitamin D on mortality in subgroup analyses of trials using placebo (a dummy pill) compared with trials using no intervention in the control group; of trials with no risk of industry bias (a fake pill); of trials assessing primary prevention versus trials assessing secondary prevention, of trials including participants with low vitamin D levels compared with those with high vitamin D level at entry; of studies including ambulatory participants compared with studies including institutionalised participants; of clinical trials using calcium supplements compared with clinical trials without calcium supplements; and of studies using only women compared with controlled trials including both sexes or only men. We found no evidence of a difference in the number of deaths between vitamin D and placebo (dummy pill) or calcium supplements (concomitant calcium supplements). However, we did not find any evidence of an increase in the risk of death from any cause. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016.
We found two randomized controlled trials, with a total of 296 participants for fluoxetine, 2036 participants for orlistat, and 1047 participants for sibutramine. These studies were conducted in people with type 2 diabetes. The results of these studies showed modest weight loss over 12 to 57 weeks. The magnitude of weight loss is modest, however, and the long-term health benefits remain unclear. Gastrointestinal side effects were common, such as tremor, somnolence and sweating, and palpitations with sibUTramine, and some studies, using a variety of study designs, were available on other drugs and a significant decrease in weight was noted in three studies of mazindol, one of phenmetrazine, two of phentermine. No studies were identified that fit inclusion criteria for pseudoephedrine, ephedra, sertraline, yohimbine, amphetamine or its derivatives, bupropion, topiramate, benzocaine, threachlorocitric acid, and bromocriptine.
We found five studies involving 734 participants that compared VGB with CBZ monotherapy for epilepsy. We found no significant differences between VGB and CBZ in terms of time to treatment withdrawal and time to achieve six-month remission after dose stabilisation from randomisation, but results did show a disadvantage for VGB on time to first seizure after randomisation. However, VGB was associated with more occurrences of weight gain and fewer occurrences of skin rash and drowsiness. No differences in visual field defects and visual disturbances were noted. Data are currently insufficient to address the risk-benefit balance of VGB versus CBZ for epilepsy and should not be considered a first-line choice for epilepsy treatment. If necessary, the visual field should be frequently assessed. Future research should focus on investigating the reasons for visual field defect and exploring potential prevention strategies. Moreover, future monotherapy studies of epilepsy should report results according to the recommendations of the International League Against Epilepsy (ILAE) Commission, and methodological quality should be improved.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 600 participants with multiple myeloma or non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. Two of these trials did not report results. The remaining two trials evaluated 600 participants. In both studies the experimental group received G-CSF plus plerixafor and the control group received the same treatment plus placebo. The results of the analysis showed no evidence for differences between the two groups in terms of mortality at 12 months (600 participants; moderate-quality evidence) and adverse events during stem cell mobilisation and collection (593 participants; high quality evidence). Regarding the outcome successful stem cell collection, the meta-analysis showed an advantage for those participants randomised to the plerizafor group. There was insufficient evidence for a difference between the groups for time to neutrophil and platelet engraftment in transplanted participants. None of the trials reported on the outcomes quality of life and progression-free survival. The two trials included in the analysis were conducted by the Genzyme Corporation and were published several times. Due to the quality of the evidence, it is possible that our review is affected by publication bias, even though two trials failed to recruit a sufficient number of participants to analyse any data. Two more RCTs, which included nine and five participants, terminated early without publishing any outcome. Another RCT with 100 participants was recently completed, but has not yet published outcomes.
We included 23 trials involving 1806 women, of whom 717 received cones. Seven trials were published only as abstracts. Cones were better than no active treatment (rate ratio (RR) for failure to cure incontinence 0.84, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.76 to 0.94). There was little evidence of difference for a subjective cure between cones and PFMT, or cones and electrostimulation, but the confidence intervals were wide. There was not enough evidence to show that cones plus PFMT was different to either cones alone or PFMT alone. Only seven trials used a quality of life measure and no study looked at economic outcomes. The quality of the trials was poor, and in many the trials were small, making the results difficult to combine. Some trials reported high drop-out rates with both cone and comparison treatments.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials with 2246 AF patients (ranging from 14 to 712 by study). Studies included education, decision aids, and self-monitoring plus education interventions. We found small but positive effects of education on anxiety and depression compared with usual care in AF patients. The effect of decision aids on decision conflict favoured usual care. There was insufficient evidence to draw definitive conclusions regarding the impact of educational or behavioural interventions on anticoagulant control in patients with OAT.
This review includes 70 randomised controlled trials (11,487 women) comparing vaginal prostaglandin E2 tablets, gels and pessaries (including sustained release preparations) with placebo or no treatment. Prostaglandins PGE2 probably increase the chance of vaginal delivery in 24 hours, they increase uterine hyperstimulation with fetal heart rate changes but do not effect or may reduce caesarean section rates. They increase the likelihood of cervical change, with no increase in operative delivery rates. The overall effect on improving maternal and fetal outcomes (across a variety of measures) is uncertain. The majority of trials were at unclear risk of bias for most of the outcomes. The quality of the evidence in this review was poor.
This review looked at the effects of cot-nursing using a heated water-filled mattress compared to incubator care. We found five randomised controlled trials with a total of 247 infants. The results of the five trials were similar in terms of temperature control and weight gain. There was no significant difference in body temperature between the two groups. There were no significant differences in weight gain and fewer infants died prior to hospital discharge but these results failed to reach statistical significance. In addition, fewer infants were breast fed on discharge (three trials, 150 infants) and fewer died before hospital discharge (four trials, 235 infants) in the incubator group. The one trial that reported on episodes of hyperthermia found this to be statistically more common in the cot group (RR 1.48; 95% CI 1.04 to 2.09). There was also no difference in the number of infants who had an episode of hypothermia (hyperthermia). The five trials that compared the use of a heated bed with a heated mattress (five trials, 231 infants) produced similar results. Cot-nurings with warming of the nursery resulted in statistically significantly smaller weight gain during week one compared to the incubators (one trial that involved 38 infants). However, this difference was not statistically significant for weeks two and three. The comparison of the two types of heated bed (the heated bed and the heated mattress) did not show a difference in temperature control or weight gain, but there were no differences in the numbers of deaths or hospital discharge. We concluded that there is not enough evidence to recommend this method of care. This is especially the case in developing countries, where differences in these outcomes are likely to be encountered.
We included three studies, involving 146 participants. Two studies were assessed as being at high risk of bias. The main finding of the review was that the two techniques may be equally successful at exposing PDCs (low-quality evidence). One surgical failure was due to detachment of the gold chain (closed group). One study reported on complications following surgery and found two in the closed group: a post-operative infection requiring antibiotics and pain during alignment of the canine as the gold ring penetrated through the gum tissue of the palate. We were unable to pool data for dental aesthetics, patient-reported pain and discomfort, periodontal health and treatment time; however, individual studies did not find any differences between the surgical techniques. Three ongoing clinical trials have been identified and it is hoped that these will produce data that can be pooled to increase the degree of certainty in these findings.
We found three randomised controlled trials involving 244 women. The prostaglandins used were PG E2 analogue (sulprostone) in 50 participants and PG E1 analogue (misoprostol) in 194 participants at a dose of 250 mcg and 800 mcg respectively. The studies were considered to be at high risk of bias. The evidence is current to May 2016. The results of the three studies did not show a difference in the rate of manual removal of placenta, severe postpartum haemorrhage, need for blood transfusion, mean blood loss and the mean time from injection to placental removal (minutes). Side-effects were no different between groups (vomiting, headache, pain and nausea between injection and discharge from the labour ward), with the exception of shivering, which was more frequent in women receiving prostaglands. We did not obtain any data for the primary outcomes of maternal mortality and the need to add another therapeutic uterotonic. The included studies were of poor quality and there is little confidence in the effect estimates; the true effect is likely to be substantially different. We cannot make any recommendations about changes to clinical practice. More high-quality research is needed.
We included six studies involving 355 infants - two using face mask CPAP, two CNP, one nasal CPAP and one both CNP (for less ill babies) and endotracheal CPAP (for sicker babies). For this update, we included no new trials. Continuous distending pressure (CDP) is associated with lower risk of treatment failure (death or use of assisted ventilation), lower overall mortality and lower mortality in infants with birth weight above 1500 g. We found no difference in bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD), defined as oxygen dependency at 28 days (three studies, 260 infants), as well as no difference at nine to 14 years (one study, 37 infants). In preterm infants with respiratory distress, the application of CDP as CPAP or CNP was associated with reduced respiratory failure and mortality and an increased rate of pneumothorax. However, four out of six of these trials were done in the 1970s. Therefore, the applicability of these results to current practice is difficult to assess. Further research is required to determine the best mode of administration.
We included six studies (157 participants) in this review. We found no evidence to suggest that foam wound dressings are more effective in healing foot ulcers in people with diabetes than other types of dressing. There was no difference in the number of diabetic foot ulcer healed when foam dressings were compared with hydrocolloid (matrix) dressings. All included studies were small and/or had limited follow-up times.
We identified three randomised controlled trials with 111 participants. Two trials compared endoscopic intervention with surgical intervention and included a total of 111 participants: 55 in the endoscopic group and 56 in the surgical group. One trial, including 32 participants, compared surgical intervention with conservative treatment. The trial showed that surgical intervention resulted in a higher percentage of participants with pain relief and better preservation of pancreatic function, but not at long-term follow-up (≥ 5 years). No differences were found in terms of major post-interventional complications or mortality, although the number of participants did not allow for this to be reliably evaluated. The study had methodological limitations, and the trial was relatively small. The results of this review show that surgery is superior to endoscopy for pain relief in patients with obstructive chronic pancreatitis and dilated pancreatic ducts. Surgical intervention also resulted in improved quality of life and preservation of exocrine function at two to five years, but no differences in major complications or death were found. Other trials need to confirm these results because of the methodological limitations in the present evidence.
We found only one randomised controlled trial. This trial included 857 patients undergoing minor skin excision surgery in the primary care setting. The wounds were sutured after the excision. Patients were randomised to early or delayed post-operative bathing (dressing to be removed after 12 hours and normal bathing resumed) (415 patients) or delayed (for at least 48 hours before removal and resumption of normal bathing) (442 patients). The only outcome of interest reported in this trial was surgical site infection (SSI). There was no difference in the proportion of patients who developed SSIs between the two groups (857 patients; RR 0.96; 95% CI 0.62 to 1.48). The proportions of patients developing SSIs were 8.5% in the early bathing group and 8.8 in the delayed bathing group. There is currently no conclusive evidence available from randomised trials regarding the benefits or harms of early versus delayed pre-operative showering or bathing for the prevention of wound complications, as the confidence intervals around the point estimate are wide, and, therefore, a clinically significant increase or decrease in SSI by early post-operation bathing cannot be ruled out.
We found one randomised controlled trial (RCT) comparing oral prednisone with no treatment in 35 participants. The trial did not report side effects in detail, but one participant died. There was little or no difference in number of participants who achieved remission, or change in disability or impairment after one year (low-quality evidence). The trial had a high risk of bias. A double-blind RCT with 40 participants reported none of the prespecified outcomes for this review. The quality of evidence was limited as it came from a single small study. Side effects were similar with each regimen, except that sleeplessness was less common with monthly dexamethasone as was moon facies (moon-shaped appearance of the face). We need further research to identify factors that predict response. We also know from observational studies that corticosteroids carry the long-term risk of serious side effects.
We found six studies with 2100 people with asthma who were randomly allocated to receive either a face-to-face or a remote asthma check-up. We did not find any differences between the two types of check-ups in terms of asthma exacerbations, asthma control or quality of life. We could not say whether more people who had a remote checked-up needed oral steroids for an asthma exacerbation than those who were seen face to-face because the confidence intervals (CIs) were very wide (low quality evidence). We found that 21 out of 1000 people had an asthma flare-up that required oral steroids over three months, compared to 36 (95% CI nine to 139) of 1000 for the remote group. Exacerbations that needed treatment in the Emergency Department (ED), hospital admission or an unscheduled healthcare visit all happened too infrequently to detect whether remote checkups are a safe alternative. Serious adverse events were not reported separately from the exacerbation outcomes. The studies could not be blinded and dropout was high in four of the six studies, which may have biased the results. There was no difference in asthma control measured by the Asthma Control Questionnaire (ACQ) or in the AQLQ (AQ) between the groups. We do not know whether the additional participants who received a telephone check up subsequently benefited in asthma outcomes.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared the effects of exercise therapy with no exercise therapy for people with JIA. We found three studies with 212 participants. The results suggest that exercise therapy can improve functional ability, quality of life, aerobic capacity and pain. The short-term effects look promising but the long-term effect remains unclear. None of the studies reported negative effects of the exercise therapy. Both included and excluded studies showed that exercise does not exacerbate arthritis. However, the small number of studies included in this review limits the generalisability of the results. There is a need for a standardised assessment or a core set of functional and physical outcome measurements suited for health research.
We included 19 randomised controlled trials with 2663 participants (11 with outpatients, seven with inpatients and one with ICU patients). The evidence is current to May 2016. We found that antibiotics have some effect on inpatient and outpatient patients, but these effects are small, and they are inconsistent for some outcomes (treatment failure, length of hospital stay) and absent for other outcomes (e.g. death, diarrhoea, and re-exacerbations). We found no evidence that antibiotics had an effect on the number of people who died or had diarrhoeas. We did not find any evidence of an effect of antibiotics on health-related quality of life or on other patient-reported symptoms, and data show no statistically significant increase in the risk of adverse events with antibiotics compared to placebo. However, we are uncertain about the effects of antibiotics in patients with severe exacerbations (i.e. those with a severe flare-up of the condition). We are uncertain whether antibiotics have an effect in people with mild to moderate flare-ups of the disease, and we do not know if antibiotics have any effect on people with more severe flares. We do not have enough data to be sure that antibiotics are effective in people who have severe flare ups of this disease. We are also uncertain about whether antibiotics are helpful in patients who have had a flare up of this type of disease. The quality of the evidence ranged from low to moderate. The evidence was up to date as of May 2015.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) randomising a total of 1414 participants (age range 24 to 70; mean age 45 to 59, where reported) to whole grain versus lower whole grain or refined grain diets. We found no studies that reported the effect of whole grain diets on total cardiovascular mortality or cardiovascular events (total myocardial infarction, unstable angina, coronary artery bypass graft surgery, percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty, total stroke). All included studies were in primary prevention populations and had an unclear or high risk of bias, and no studies had an intervention duration greater than 16 weeks. There is insufficient evidence from RCTs of an effect of a whole grain diet on cardiovascular outcomes or on major CVD risk factors such as blood lipids and blood pressure. We assessed the overall quality of the available evidence on cholesterol as low. The evidence is current to May 2017.
We found 38 studies with a total of 1896 participants. Three small studies investigated rehabilitation interventions during the immobilisation period after conservative orthopaedic management. There was limited evidence from two studies (106 participants in total) of short-term benefit of using an air-stirrup versus an orthosis or a walking cast. One study (12 participants) found 12 weeks of hypnosis did not reduce activity or improve other outcomes. In 10 studies, the use of a removable type of immobilisation combined with exercise was compared with cast immobilisation alone. Five studies investigated different rehabilitation interventions after either conservative or surgical treatment. One small study (14 participants) at a high risk of bias found reduced ankle swelling after non-thermal compared with thermal pulsed shortwave diathermy. There were no evidence of effect for stretching or manual therapy in addition to exercise, or exercise compared with usual care. There is no evidence for stretching, manual therapy and exercise compared to usual care following immobilisation. Evidence from one small but potentially biased study (60 participants) showed that neurostimulation, an electrotherapy modality, may be beneficial in the short term. However, it also led to a higher rate of mainly minor adverse events (49/201 versus 20/197; RR 2.30, 95% CI 1.49 to 3.56; 7 studies). Because of the potential increased risk of adverse events, the patient's ability to comply with the use with the removal of the device to enable controlled exercise is essential. More clinical trials that are well-designed and adequately-powered are required to strengthen current evidence.
The evidence is current to May 2015. We found four studies that compared home-based nursing programmes with a home medication diaries. Two studies were randomised controlled trials (RCTs), and two were non-randomised trials. The studies were conducted in low-income countries. An RCT of a nursing programme showed a positive effect of the intervention on knowledge and medication refills, but no effect on CD4 count and viral load. A second RCT showed that the intervention group had fewer participants reporting no missed doses compared to the control group (85% vs. 92%, respectively), although this difference was not statistically significant (p=.08). The intervention had no effect in CD4 percentage or viral load, yet the percentage of participants with suppressed viral load increased from 30% to 80% (p =.06). The second study did not show a difference in adherence between children on a lopinavir-ritonavir regimen and those on a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase regimen. However, the proportion of children achieving virological suppression was significantly greater for children on the LPV/r regimen than for those on the NNRTI-containing regimen. A third study showed no change in self-reported adherence, yet increased viral load in the peer support group group therapy group. A fourth study found no difference between the two groups, but the number of children with suppressed virus load was significantly higher in the group on the LPV regimen. Medication diaries do not appear to have an effect on adherence or disease outcomes. Well-designed evaluations of interventions to improve paediatric adherence to ART are needed.
This review included five studies with a total of696 participants. Participants had pain following third molar extraction, laparoscopy, minor day surgery and episiotomy. There was no difference in numbers of participants experiencing any adverse events between fenoprofen 200 mg and placebo. The NNT for at least 50% pain relief over 4 to 6 hours compared to placebo was 2.3 (1.9 to 3.0). There were insufficient data to analyse other doses or active comparators, time to use of rescue medication, or numbers of people needing rescue medication. No serious adverse events or adverse event withdrawals were reported in these studies. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016.
We found six randomised controlled trials with a total of 857 women. Four trials were small (less than 25 women per arm) and two had moderate to high risk of bias. Two trials included women having surgery for prolapse and compared PFMT as an adjunct to surgery versus surgery alone (n = 118 women). There was a significant chance of bias in two out four trials in this comparison. There is now some evidence available indicating a positive effect of PFMT on prolapse symptoms and severity. The largest most rigorous trial to date suggests that six months of supervised PFMT has benefits in terms of anatomical and symptom improvement (if symptomatic) immediately post-intervention. Pooling data on severity of prolapse from two trials indicated that PFMT increases the chance of an improvement in prolapse stage by 17% compared to no PFMT. The two trials which measured pelvic floor muscle function found better function (or improvement in function) in the PFMT group compared to the control group; measurements were not known to be blinded. Two out of three trials measured urinary outcomes (urodynamics, frequency and bother of symptoms, or symptom score) reported differences between groups. One trial reported bowel outcomes, showing less frequency of bother and frequency of symptoms in women who had PFMT compared to those who did not. Pelvic floor muscle strength findings differed between the trials: one found no difference between trial groups in muscle strength, whilst the other found a benefit for the group with stronger muscles. Similarly findings relating to urinary outcomes were contradictory, with one trial finding no difference in symptom score change between groups, and the other finding more improvement in urinary symptoms and a reduction in diurnal frequency in women with PFMT in comparison to those without PFMT supplementing surgery. Both trials had a small number of participants and neither measured prolapse-specific outcomes. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016.
We found 14 randomised controlled trials with a total of 1,724 people with CSOM. Topical quinolone antibiotics can clear aural discharge better than no drug treatment or topical antiseptics; non-quinolone antibiotic effects (without steroids) versus no drug or antiseptic treatment are less clear. The quality of the trials was generally poor, with poor follow-up and poor reporting of the severity of the disease. The results were inconclusive regarding any differences in the number of people who were cured of CSOM compared to those who were treated with no drug, but indirect comparisons suggest a benefit of topical quinolinone antibiotics cannot be ruled out. Further studies are needed to clarify the benefits and harms of these antibiotics.
We found 21 studies with a total of 6253 participants (5515 were included in the analysis). Studies were conducted from 1974 to 2011, with 80% of the studies conducted in the 1970's, 1980's or 1990's. Most studies did not report study methods sufficiently and many had high applicability concerns. In 20 studies, FRS differentiated schizophrenia from all other mental health disorders with a specificity of 81.4% (74% to 87.1%) and a sensitivity of 94.1% (88% to 97.2%) in seven studies. The use of FRS to diagnose schizophrenia in triage will incorrectly diagnose around five to 19 people in every 100 who have FRS as having schizophrenia and specialists will not agree with this diagnosis. These people will still merit specialist assessment and help due to the severity of disturbance in their behaviour and mental state. Some of these people may experience a delay in getting appropriate treatment. Others, whom specialists will consider to have schizophrenia, could be prematurely discharged from care, if triage relies on the presence of the FRS. We hope that newer tests - to be included in future Cochrane reviews - will show better results. FRS remain a simple, quick and useful clinical indicator for an illness of enormous clinical variability.
We included 10 studies with a total of 2003 children with atopic eczema. Five studies were new to this update; all interventions were adjuncts to conventional therapy and were delivered in primary- and secondary-care settings. There were 2003 participants in the 9 educational interventions and 44 in the 1 psychological study. The largest and most robust study (n = 992) demonstrated significant reduction in disease severity and improvement in quality of life, in both nurse- and dermatologist-led intervention groups. It provided six standardised, age-appropriate group education sessions. We did not identify any further studies using psychological interventions. Our primary outcomes were participant-rated global assessment, reduction in severity (reported as objective SCORAD (SCORing Atopic Dermatitis)), improvement in sleep and quality of lives, and number of days in hospital. No study reported on participants' quality of sleep. In three of five studies, which could not be combined because of their heterogeneity, the results were statistically significantly better in the intervention group compared with the usual care groups. However, in all of the above studies, the confidence interval limits do not exceed the minimum clinically important difference of 8.2 for the SCORad measure. In the largest study, parents of children aged 8 to 12 years experienced significantly better improvements in the education group on 3 of the 5 subscales. Parents of children under seven years had significantly better results in the educational group on all five scales. We found no studies that compared educational and psychological interventions with stand-alone psychosocial self-help. The quality of the evidence is limited because of the small number of studies, small numbers of participants, and the small size of the studies. There is a need for more research to examine the effectiveness of educational interventions in helping to manage the condition of atopic dermatitis in children. This update has incorporated five new studies using educational interventions as an adjunct to conventional treatment for children. The inclusion of new studies has not substantially altered the conclusions from the original review. The educational studies in both the original and this update lack detail about intervention design and do not use a complex interventions framework. Few use an explicit theoretical base, and each intervention is not sufficiently well described to allow replication.
Fourteen randomised controlled trials (753 participants) were included in this review. There was some moderate quality evidence that HBOT was more likely to achieve mucosal coverage with osteoradionecrosis (ORN) (risk ratio (RR) 1.3; 95% confidence interval (CI) 1 to 1.6, P value = 0.003, number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) 5; 246 participants, 3 studies). There was also evidence of a significantly improved chance of wound breakdown without HBOT following operative treatment for ORN (2 studies). From single studies there was a significantly increased chance of improvement or cure following HBOT for radiation proctitis, and following both surgical flaps and hemimandibulectomy. HBOT also appears to reduce the chance of ORN following tooth extraction in an irradiated field. These trials did not report adverse events. The application of HBOT to selected participants and tissues may be justified. Further research is required to establish the optimum participant selection and timing of any therapy. An economic evaluation should be undertaken.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) involving 2961 surgeons performing an operation in which the use of blunt or sharp needles was compared to use of sharp needles. Four studies focused on abdominal closure, two focused on caesarean section, two on vaginal repair and two on hip replacement. On average, a surgeon that used sharp needles sustained one glove perforation in three operations. The use of the blunt needles reduced the risk of perforations with a relative risk (RR) of 0.46 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.38 to 0.54) compared to sharp needles in every six operations. In four studies, the number of self-reported needle stick injuries was also reduced. Because the force needed for the blunt needle is higher, their use was rated as more difficult but still acceptable in five out of six studies. The quality of the evidence was high. It is unlikely that future research will change this conclusion.
This review includes seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 422 participants that compared trifluoperazine with low-potency antipsychotic drugs. The size of the included studies was between 20 and 157 participants with a study length between four and 52 weeks. The results did not show a difference in efficacy between low- and high-potence antipsychotics. There was no significant difference in acceptability of treatment with equivocal number of participants leaving the studies early due to any reason. There were no significant differences in numbers with at least one adverse effect. However, at least two movement disorders were significantly more frequent in the triffluoperazine group. Trifluopazine produced more movement disorders. The number of randomised studies as well as their quality is low, the quality of evidence for outcomes of interest ranged from moderate to very low quality, so more, newer studies would be needed.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 593 preterm infants. The trials were generally small and contained various methodological weaknesses including lack of blinding and incomplete assessment of all randomised participants. These trials compared responsive feeding with scheduled interval regimens in preterm babies in the transition phase from intragastric tube to oral feeding. Meta-analyses, although limited by data quality and availability, suggest that responsive feeding results in slightly slower rates of weight gain, and provide some evidence that responding to feeding cues reduces the time taken for infants to transition from the enteral tube to the oral tube. The importance of this finding is uncertain as the trials did not find a strong or consistent effect on the duration of hospitalisation. None of the included trials reported any parent, caregiver, or staff views. Overall, the data do not provide strong evidence that responsiveness to feeding affects important outcomes for infants or their families. Some (low quality) evidence exists that infants fed in response to feeding and satiation cues achieve full oral feeding earlier than infants fed prescribed volumes at scheduled intervals. This finding should be interpreted cautiously because of methodological weaknesses in these trials. A large RCT would be needed to confirm this finding and to determine if responsive feeding affects other important outcomes.
Two randomised controlled trials with a total of 161 participants were included in this review. One randomised trial with 133 participants showed that there was a significant improvement in ankle brachial index (ABI) in participants who received folic acid compared with placebo (mean difference (MD 0.07, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.04 to 0.11, P < 0.001) and 5-methyltetrahydrofolate (5-MTHF) versus placebo). A second trial with 18 participants showed no difference (P non-significant) in ABI in participants receiving a multivitamin B supplement (mean ± SEM: 0.7 ± 01, P = 0.1). No major events were reported. The studies did not report on mortality and rate of limb loss. Currently, no recommendation can be made regarding the value of treatment of hyperhomocysteinaemia in peripheral arterial disease. Further, well constructed trials are urgently required.
We found two studies with 503 dental practices, representing 821 dentists and 4771 patients. One study used a factorial design to investigate the impact of fee-for-service and an educational intervention on the placement of fissure sealants in permanent molar teeth. The authors reported a statistically significant increase in clinical activity in the arm that was incentivised with a fee- for-service payment. However, the study was conducted in the four most deprived areas of Scotland, so the applicability of the findings to other settings may be limited. The study did not report data on measures of health service utilisation or measures of patient outcomes. The second study compared capitation payments with capitation in the capitation system. This study reported on clinical activity (mean percentage of children receiving active preventive advice, health service use, number of visits), patient outcomes (mean number of filled teeth, mean percentage of patients having one or more teeth extracted and the mean number of decayed teeth) and healthcare costs (mean expenditure). Teeth were restored at a later stage in the disease process and the clinicians tended to see their patients less frequently and tended to carry out fewer fillings and extractions, but also tended to give more preventive advice. There was insufficient information regarding the cost-effectiveness of the different remuneration methods. We judged the risk of bias to be high for both studies and the overall quality of the evidence was low/very low for all outcomes.
We included 21 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) reported in 54 papers involving over 17,000 women and their babies. One trial did not contribute data. Zinc supplementation resulted in a small reduction in preterm birth (risk ratio (RR) 086, 95% confidence interval (CI) 076 to 097 in 16 RCTs; 7637 women). This was not accompanied by a similar reduction in numbers of babies with low birthweight (14 trials of 5643 women). No clear differences were seen between the zinc and no zinc groups for any of the other primary maternal or neonatal outcomes, except for induction of labour in a single trial. No differing patterns were evident in the subgroups of women with low versus normal zinc and nutrition levels or in women who complied with their treatment versus those who did not. The GRADE quality of the evidence was moderate for preterm births, small-for-gestational age, and low for stillbirth or newborn death and birthweight. There was no convincing evidence that zinc supplementation during pregnancy results in other useful and important benefits. Since the preterm association could well reflect poor nutrition, studies to address ways of improving the overall nutritional status of populations in impoverished areas, rather than focusing on micronutrient and or zinc supplementation in isolation, should be an urgent priority.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (1656 participants) that compared the use of probiotics as an adjuvant to antifungal drugs. Probiotics increased the rate of short-term clinical and mycological cure and decreased relapse rate at one month, but this did not translate into a higher frequency of long-term cure. We did not find any evidence that probiotics increase the frequency of serious or non-serious adverse events. There is a need for well-designed RCTs with standardized methodologies, longer follow-up and larger sample size.
We included seven randomised controlled trials (involving 696 women) in this update of the review. The trials were conducted in different countries, covering the full spectrum of the World Bank's economic classification, which enhances the applicability of evidence drawn from this review. Two trials were in Germany and Italy which are high-income countries, while four were in upper-middle income countries; two in Iran, one in Malaysia and the fourth in Turkey, and the seventh trial was conducted in Jordan, which is a lower-middle-income country. In six trials all the participants met the inclusion criteria and in the seventh study, we included in the meta-analysis only the subgroup of participants who met the exclusion criteria. The results of this Cochrane Review suggest that progestogens are probably effective in the treatment of threatened miscarriage but may have little or no effect in the rate of preterm birth. Treatment of miscarriage with the use of progestogenic drugs compared to placebo or no treatment probably reduces the risk of miscarriage; (risk ratio (RR) 064, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.47 to 0.87; 7 trials; 60096 women; moderate-quality evidence). Treatment with oral progestogen compared to no treatment also probably reduced the miscarriage rate (3 trials; 408 women). However treatment with vaginal progesterone probably has no effect (4 trials; 288 women). The subgroup interaction test indicated no difference according to route of administration between the oral and vaginal subgroups of the progestone. We are uncertain if treatment with progestics compared to either no treatment or placebo has any effect on the number of congenital abnormalities because the quality of the evidence is very low (very-low quality evidence). The evidence on congenital abnormality is uncertain, because the evidence for this outcome was based on only two small trials with very few events and was found to be of very low quality.
We found five studies with a total of 4786 participants. Three studies were conducted in the USA, one in the UK and one in Japan. Three of the studies compared laser photocoagulation with currently available lasers to no (or deferred) treatment. The majority of participants in four of these trials were people with proliferative diabetic retinopathy; one trial recruited mainly people with non-proliferative retinaopathy. All studies were at risk of performance bias because the treatment and control were different and no study attempted to produce a sham treatment. At 12 months there was little difference between eyes that received laser treatment and those allocated to no treatment or deferred treatment, in terms of loss of 15 or more letters of visual acuity (low quality evidence). Longer term follow-up did not show a consistent pattern, but one study found a 20% reduction in risk of loss at five years with laser treatment. Treatment with laser reduced the risk of severe visual loss by over 50% at 12 months. There was a beneficial effect on progression of diabetic retineopathy with treated eyes experiencing a 50% reduction. We did not plan any subgroup analyses, but there was a difference in baseline risk in participants with no retina in their eyes compared to those who had proliferative retine. We could not do a formal subgroup analysis comparing effect in proliferative and non-protective retina because of the small number of included studies. We judged the quality of the evidence to be moderate or low, depending on the outcome. This is partly due to reporting of trials conducted many years ago, after which panretinal photocardiography has become the mainstay of treatment of proliferative retina damage. None of the included studies reported on near visual or patient-relevant outcomes such as quality of life, pain, loss of driving licence or adverse effects such as retinal detachment. Future Cochrane Reviews on variations in the laser treatment protocol are planned.
We included two randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 269 participants. The trials were conducted in China and Italy (one was a multicentre trial). Both trials included adults with acute respiratory failure after upper abdominal surgery. The participants were mostly men (67%) with an average age of 65 years. We found that CPAP or bilevel NPPV may reduce the rate of tracheal intubation. There was very low quality evidence that the intervention may also reduce ICU length of stay (mean difference (MD) -1.84 days; 95% confidence interval (CI) -3.53 to -0.15). We found no differences for mortality (low quality evidence) and hospital stay (high quality evidence). There was insufficient evidence to be certain if CPAP had an effect on anastomotic leakage, pneumonia-related complications, and sepsis or infections. Findings from one trial of 60 participants suggested that bileval NPPVs may improve blood gas levels and blood pH one hour after the intervention (partial pressure of arterial oxygen (PaO2): 22.5 mm Hg; pH: 0.06; partial pressure of blood carbon dioxide (PCO2) levels (MD -9.8 mmHg; 0.11); and blood gas and pH levels in the blood (particulate oxygen and carbon dioxide levels) in the arterial blood). The trials included in this systematic review did not present data on the following outcomes that we intended to assess: gastric insufflation, fistulae, pneumothorax, bleeding, skin breakdown, eye irritation, sinus congestion, oronasal drying, and patient-ventilator asynchrony. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. We judged both trials to be at high risk of bias. More good quality studies are needed to confirm these findings.
We found four randomised controlled trials involving 388 women. Three trials compared diazepam with an alternative agent (ketamine; vinydan-ether; "other" anaesthesic agent) for the provision of general anaesthesia, and one trial compared spinal analgesia to pudendal nerve block (in both groups lignocaine was administered). There was insufficient evidence to support any particular analgesic agent or method as most effective in providing pain relief for forceps delivery. No trials reported on the review's other two primary outcomes of serious maternal adverse effects or complications, and neonatal mortality or serious morbidity.
We found 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1048 participants. The majority of participants were adults of both sexes with mild to moderate asthma for six months to more than 23 years. Five studies included yoga breathing alone, while the other studies assessed yoga interventions that included breathing, posture, and meditation. Interventions lasted from two weeks to 54 months, for no more than six months in the majority of studies. Most of the trials were conducted in India, followed by Europe and the United States. We found moderate-quality evidence that yoga probably leads to small improvements in quality of life and asthma symptoms in people with asthma. There is more uncertainty about potential adverse effects of yoga and its impact on lung function and medication usage. More research is needed to confirm the effect of yoga for asthma.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials with a total of 249 participants. Seven of the 10 trials assessed single agents, and 3 assessed combined agents. Three trials (78 participants) compared intravenous immunoglobulin (combined in one trial with prednisone) to a placebo, but we were unable to perform a meta-analysis because of variations in study analysis and presentation of trial data, with no access to the primary data for re-analysis. A single trial of methotrexate (MTX) (44 participants) provided moderate-quality evidence that MTX did not arrest or slow disease progression, based on reported percentage change in manual muscle strength sum scores at 12 months. Pooled data from two trials of interferon beta-1a and MTX (58 participants) found no important difference in normalised muscle strength scores from baseline to six months (moderate-quality) between IFN beta- 1a and placebo (moderate) (moderate quality evidence). One trial of ATG combined with MTX versus MTX provided very low quality evidence in favour of the combined therapy. Data from trials of oxandrolone versus placebo, azathioprine (AZA) combined withMTX versusMTX, and arimoclomol versus placebo did not allow us to report either normalised or percentage change. A complete analysis of the effects of ARIMOCOMol is pending data publication. Studies of simvastatin and bimagrumab (BYM338) are ongoing. All analysed trials reported adverse events. None of the trials included in this review included prespecified criteria for significant adverse events, so we were not able to draw any conclusions. Overall trial design limitations including risk of bias, low numbers of participants, and short duration make it difficult to say whether or not any of the drug treatments included in the review were effective. We need more trials that are larger, of longer duration, and that use fully validated, standardised, and responsive outcome measures.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (3144 participants) that compared linezolid with vancomycin in adults with SSTIs caused by MRSA. Linezolid was associated with a significantly better clinical and microbiological cure rate in adults (RR 1.08, 95% CI 1.01 to 1.16). For those infections due to MRSA, lineZolid was significantly more effective in clinical cure rates and microbiology cure rates. There was no significant difference in all-cause mortality between the two drugs. There were fewer incidents of red man syndrome, pruritus, rash, and rash in the line Zolid group compared with vanzolid group, however, more people reported thrombocytopenia, nausea, and nausea when treated with linezoli. The average length of hospital stay was three days shorter with lineZoli than with vanomycin. The daily cost of outpatient therapy was less with oral linezolic than with intravenous vanomiecin. Thus, total hospital charges per patient were less with line Zoli compared to vanomies. The available evidence is at high risk of bias and is based on studies that were supported by the pharmaceutical company that makes the drug. Further well-designed, independently-funded, RCTs are needed to confirm the available evidence.
We included eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 512 participants. We found no significant differences in mortality, overall survival, and morbidity between the two types of surgery. However, some perioperative outcome measures significantly favour the PPW procedure. We noted that operating time (45.22 minutes), intraoperative blood loss, and red blood cell transfusion (0.47 units, 95% CI -0.86 to 0.07; P = 0.02) were significantly reduced with PPW. All significant results were associated with low-quality evidence based on GRADE (Grades of Recommendation, Assessment, Development and Evaluation) criteria. Future high-quality RCTs are required.
We found six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1862 participants. Five of the studies were conducted in the USA, one in the UK, and one in Australia. The results showed that calcium channel blockers reduced the risk of death and severe disability in a subgroup of brain injury patients with subarachnoid haemorrhage. The effect of nimodipine in this subgroup showed a beneficial effect, though the increase in adverse reactions suffered by the intervention group may mean that the drug is harmful for some patients.
We included four randomised controlled trials with a total of 3090 participants. Three trials were considered to have a relatively low risk of bias, and one trial had a relatively high risk. When survival to hospital discharge was compared, 38 of 320 (11.88%) participants survived to discharge in the initial CPR plus delayed defibrillation group compared with 39 of 338 participants (10.54%) in the immediate defibrillator group. When we compared the neurological outcome at hospital discharge, the rate of return of spontaneous circulation (ROSC) and survival at one year, we could not rule out the superiority of either treatment. Adverse effects were not associated with either group. We have been unable to conclude whether either treatment approach provides a degree of superiority in OHCA. We propose that this is an area that needs further rigorous research through additional high-quality RCTs, including larger sample sizes and proper subgroup analysis.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared the use of gonadotrophins (gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) antagonists) with other treatments for poor response to controlled ovarian stimulation in IVF. We found three trials that met our inclusion criteria. Two of the trials were funded by the National Institutes of Health (NIH). The third trial was funded by a pharmaceutical company. We did not find any evidence to support the routine use of any particular intervention either for pituitary down regulation, ovarian stimulation or adjuvant therapy in the management of poor responders to ovarian stimulation. More robust data from good quality trials with relevant outcomes are needed.
We found 53 randomised controlled trials with a total of 53 people with schizophrenia. Family intervention may reduce the number of relapse events and hospitalisations and encourage compliance with medication. We did not find data to suggest that family intervention either prevents or promotes suicide. However, the treatment effects of these trials may be overestimated due to the poor methodological quality. Further data from trials that describe the methods of randomisation, test the blindness of the study evaluators, and implement the CONSORT guidelines would enable greater confidence in these findings.
We found three randomised controlled trials with 263 participants. These trials were carried out in Germany and Austria and used paclitaxel as the agent in the drug-eluting balloons. Two of the three trials were industry sponsored. The trials examined both anatomical and clinical endpoints. All three trials examined the treatment of symptomatic in-stent restenosis within the femoropopliteal arteries. Most participants were followed up to 12 months, but one trial followed participants for up to 24 months. Data show no difference in the incidence of amputation between DEBs and uncoated balloon angioplasty. DEBs showed better outcomes for target lesion revascularization (removal of the blockage in the artery) at six and 12 months and for binary endenosis (blockage of the artery in the vein that leads to the heart and lungs) at up to two years post intervention. Data were insufficient for subgroup or analyses to be conducted. Data showed no clear differences in the number of deaths between the two types of balloons. The quality of the evidence was very low due to the small number of included studies and participants and the high risk of bias in study design.
We found seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 922 participants. Trials ranged from 32 to 242 participants. We found that corticosteroids reduced the subsequent occurrence of coronary artery abnormalities in children with KD. We also found that use of steroids reduced the duration of fever, length of hospital stay, time for laboratory parameters (erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR) and C-reactive protein (CRP) levels) to normalise and time for clinical symptoms (fever, rash) to improve. There were insufficient data available regarding adverse effects, mortality and long-term (> 1 year) coronary morbidity. However, we are reasonably confident that the true effect is close to that estimated in this work. The quality of the evidence was rated as high for the incidence of serious adverse events, mortality, duration of clinical symptoms and time to normalisation of laboratory parameters. We rated the quality of evidence for other outcomes as moderate, mainly due to the small number of participants in the studies and differences in the way the studies were carried out.
We found eight studies with 846 women with postpartum depression, anxious or insecure attachment, maltreated, and prison populations. Four studies compared PIP with another treatment group (i.e. another PIP, video-interaction guidance, psychoeducation, counselling or cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT)), two of these studies included a control group in addition to an alternative treatment group. Six studies contributed data to the PIP versus alternative treatment analyses producing 19 meta-analyses of outcomes measured at post-intervention or follow-up, or both, for the primary outcomes of parental depression (both dichotomous and continuous data); measures of parent-child interaction (parent involvement, child involvement and parent engagement); infant attachment category (secure, avoidant, disorganised, resistant); attachment change (insecure to secure, stable secure, secure to insecure, stable insecure); infant behaviour and other outcomes (e.g. infant cognitive development). The results favoured neither PIP nor control for incidence of parent depression (low quality evidence) or parent-reported levels of depression (very low quality evidence). There were improvements favouring PIP in the proportion of infants with an avoidant attachment style, and an increase in the number of infants moving from insecure to secure attachment. There were no differences between PIP and control in any of the remaining primary outcomes, or adverse effects, or secondary outcomes. We used the Grades of Recommendation, Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) approach to rate the overall quality of the evidence. For all comparisons, we rated the evidence as low or very low quality for all comparisons.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials with 753 women in total. We found no convincing evidence that giving supplementary oxygen to healthy term pregnant women during elective caesarean section under regional anaesthesia is either beneficial or harmful for either the mother or the foetus' short-term clinical outcome as assessed by Apgar scores. The very low quality of evidence showed that in comparison to room air, women in labour receiving supplementary oxygen had higher maternal oxygen saturation (N = three trials, 209 participants), maternal PaO2 (oxygen pressure in the blood), maternal UaPO2 (foetal umbilical arterial blood) and UvPO2, the amount of oxygen in the baby's blood (10 trials, 683 participants). There was high heterogeneity among these outcomes. A subgroup analysis showed no significant difference between the two intervention groups in low-risk studies, whereas the high-risk groups showed a benefit for the neonatal oxygen group. The results should be interpreted with caution due to the low grade quality of the evidence.
We included twelve studies with a total of 2196 participants; four of these studies were newly included in this 2011 update of our 2006 Cochrane review. Reminder packaging increased the percentage of pills taken (mean difference (MD) 11% (95% confidence interval (CI) 6% to 17%)). Notable heterogeneity occurred among these trials (I2 = 96.3%). Two trials provided data for the proportion of self-reported adherent patients, reporting a reduction in the intervention group which was not statistically significant (odds ratio = 0.89, 95% CI 0.56 to 1.40). We conducted meta-analysis on data from two trials assessing the effect of reminder packaging on blood pressure measurements. We found that reminder packaging significantly decreased diastolic blood pressure (MD = -5.89 mmHg) and no effect was seen on systolic (MD -1.01, 95.22 to 0.20). We also found evidence of a significant reduction in glycated haemoglobin levels, although there was considerable variation in the results. No data were available for other clinical outcomes, such as serum vitamin C and E levels, and self-report psychological symptoms (one trial each). We reported remaining data narratively. In one study the presence of a reminder packaging aid was found to be preferred by patients with low literacy levels. In conclusion, reminder packing may represent a simple method for improving adherence for patients with selected conditions. Further research is warranted to improve the design and targeting of these devices.
We found 15 randomised controlled trials with a total of 15 participants. All trials had high risk of bias. There were no significant differences between the groups in mortality, liver failure, or perioperative morbidity. The trimetazidine group had a significantly shorter hospital stay than the control group. There was no significant difference in any of the clinically relevant outcomes in the remaining comparisons. Trimetazidine, methylprednisolone, and dextrose may protect against ischaemia reperfusion injury in elective liver resections performed under vascular occlusion, but this is shown in trials with small numbers of participants. The use of these drugs should be restricted to well-designed randomised clinical trials before implementing them in clinical practice.
We included 61 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 13,327 participants of interest, of whom at least 4499 underwent renal function testing. The studies included in this review were randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials (RCTs) that compared cisplatin, carboplatin, ifosfamide, radiation therapy involving the kidney region, nephrectomy, or any combination of these. We found that the number of adverse renal effects after treatment ranged from 0% to 84% depending on the study population, received treatment combination, reported outcome measure, follow-up duration and the methodological quality of the studies. This variation may be due to differences in the type of kidney disease, number of participants, type of cancer, and type of radiotherapy used. We did not find enough evidence to draw conclusions regarding the prevalence of, and treatment-related risk factors for, specific adverse kidney effects. However, studies were contradictory and incomparable. One eligible study reported an increased risk of glomerular dysfunction after concomitant treatment with aminoglycosides and vancomycin in CCS receiving total body irradiation (TBI). Four non-eligible studies assessing a total cohort of CCS, found a decreased GFR and (high-dose (HD) ifosafamide) as risk factors. In addition, two non- eligible studies showed an association of a longer follow up period with glomerul dysfunction. The majority of studies did not report the risk of kidney damage. The number of studies investigating risk factors was inconsistent. Risk factors, analysed by three non-exempt studies, included HD cisplatins, HD ifosifamide, TBI, and a combination of neutropenectomy and abdominal radiotherapy. We could not combine the results of these studies because of the differences between the studies, and because the results were not consistent. The quality of evidence was poor, and the studies were of poor methodological quality.
The evidence is current to May 2016. We included two trials (182 participants) and two phytomedicines Niprisan® (also known as Nicosan®) and Ciklavit® (Cajanus cajan). The results of the Nipisan® trial (pivotal) showed that the drug was effective in reducing episodes of severe painful sickle cell disease crisis over a six-month follow-up period. It did not affect the risk of severe complications or the level of anaemia (low-quality evidence). No serious adverse effects were reported. The single trial of Cajanus Cajan reported a possible benefit to individuals with painful crises and a possible adverse effect (non-significant) on anaemia. However, no conclusions can be made regarding the efficacy of Cipavit®. Based on the published results for Nipusan® and in view of the limitations in data collection and analysis of both trials, we conclude that the use of these drugs may have a potential beneficial effect in reducing painful crises. This needs to be further validated in future trials.
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1999 participants. Two trials compared standard treatment (chemotherapy plus radiotherapy) with PET-adapted therapy in individuals with early-stage HL and negative PET scans. The study design of the third trial was more complex. Participants were divided into those with a favourable or unfavourable prognosis. They were then randomised to receive PET- adapted or standard treatment. The results were published for the PET-negative arms only, making it possible to perform a meta-analysis including all three trials. Of the 1999 participants included in the three trials only 1480 were analysed. The 519 excluded participants were either PET-positive, or were excluded because they did not match the inclusion criteria. One study reported no deaths. The other two studies reported two deaths in participants receiving PET- Adapted therapy and two in those receiving standard therapy (very-low-quality evidence). Progression-free survival was shorter in participants with PET adapted therapy (without radiotherapy). This difference was also apparent in comparisons of participants receiving no additional radiotherapy (PET- adapteded therapy) versus standard therapy. Short-term adverse events (AEs) only were assessed in one trial, which showed no evidence of a difference between the treatment arms. No data on long-term AEs were reported in any of the trials. To date, no robust data on OS, response rate, TRM, quality of life (QoL) or short- and long term AEs are available. More RCTs with longer follow ups may lead to more precise results for AEs and QoL, and could evaluate whether this PFS advantage will translate into an overall survival benefit. It is still uncertain whether PET-based treatment adaptation and the effect of such an approach in those with advanced HL.
We found 31 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing different types of hormonal contraceptives in women without diabetes. Twenty-one trials compared combined oral contraceptives (COCs); others examined different COC regimens, progestin-only pills, injectables, a vaginal ring, and implants. None included a placebo. Of 34 comparisons, eight had any notable difference between the study groups in an outcome. Twelve trials studied desogestrel-containing COCs, and the few differences were inconsistent. Where data could not be combined, single studies showed lower mean fasting glucose and higher means for two-hour glucose response and insulin area under the curve (AUC) (MD 20.30; 95% CI 4.24 to 36.36). Three trials examined the vaginal ring and one examined an implant. One trial showed the ring group had lower mean AUC insulin than the levonorgestrel group. Of eight trials of norethisterone preparations, five compared oral contraceptives and three compared injectables. In a COC group had smaller mean change in glucose in the two hours after the pill was taken, but the obese and normal weight women did not differ significantly. In an injectable study, a group using depot medroxyprogesterone acetate had higher means than the group using injectables for fasting glucose (MD 10.16 to 16.94) and fasting insulin (MD 17.00 to 28.33). Among five recent trials with different estrogen types, one showed the group with nomegestrel acetate plus 17β-estradiol had lower means for incremental AUC glucose and glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c). Two trials compared extended versus conventional (cyclic) regimens. With a dienogest COC, an extended-use group had greater change in AUC, but a small-dose group showed smaller change in fasting glucose. We cannot make strong statements due to having few studies that compared the same types of contraceptives. Many trials had small numbers of participants and some had large losses. We still know very little about women at risk for metabolic problems due to being overweight.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 559 people with symptomatic hip OA who were randomly assigned to either land-based or urban-based therapeutic exercise programmes. The results of these 10 RCTs demonstrated that exercise can reduce pain and improve physical function and quality of life in people with hip or knee OA. Pain and physical function were reduced by an average of 8 points on a 0- to 100-point scale (0 was no pain or loss of physical function) in the control group; exercise reduced pain by 8 points (95% CI 4 to 11 points; number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) 6) and improved physical function by an equivalent of 7 points. The reduction in pain was sustained at least three to six months after ceasing monitored treatment. The improvement in physical function was also sustained (five studies). Quality of life was improved by 0 points in the general population in the exercise group, but the improvement was not significant. There was no significant difference in pain or physical function between the exercise and control groups. There were no adverse events reported in the five studies reporting adverse events, each study reported only one or two events and all were related to increased pain attributed to the exercise programme. The quality of the evidence was high for pain reduction and improvement in pain intensity, and moderate for physical function. However, the results may be vulnerable to performance and detection bias as none of the studies were able to blind participants to the type of exercise they were receiving and, and, while most of the trials reported blinded outcome assessment, they did not report pain, physical function or quality of lives. One of the 10 studies was only reported as a conference abstract and did not provide sufficient data for the evaluation of bias risk.
This review included nine randomised controlled trials with a total of 260 participants. Six trials compared exercise therapy versus no exercise therapy, whereas three trials compared two interventions that both met our definition of exercise therapy. The results of the present review suggest that exercise therapy can be beneficial for patients with MS not experiencing an exacerbation. There is an urgent need for consensus on a core set of outcome measures to be used in exercise trials. In addition, these studies should experimentally control for 'dose' of treatment, type of MS and should include sufficient contrast between experimental and control groups.
We found only one randomised controlled trial with 75 participants (average age: 43 years; females: 65% of participants), randomised to early laparoscopic cholecystectomy (less than 24 hours after diagnosis of biliary colic) (n = 35) or delayed laparoscopy (mean waiting period of 4.2 months) (N = 40). There were no deaths in the early group (0/35) (0%) versus 1/40 (2.5%) in the delayed group (P > 0.9999). There was no bile duct injury in either group. Information on serious adverse events was available for 68 participants (28 out of 40) (28 in early group and 40 in delayed group) (P = 0.0082). The other outcomes were available for 28 out of 35 (0.0%) (0) (1) (2) (3) (4) (5) (6) (7) (8) (9) (10) (11) (12) (13) (14) (15) (16) (17) (18) (19) (20) (21) (22) (23) (24) (25) (26) (27) (29) (30) (31) (32) (33) (34) (36) (38) (39) (40) (41) (42) (43) (44) (46) (50) (51) (52) (53) (54) (55) (56) (57) (58) (59) (61) (62) (63) (64) (74) (76) (77) (78) (80) (81) (82) (83) (84) (86) (88) (92) (93) (94) (97) (98) (99) (100) (101) (102) (103) (104) (109) (110) (113) (114) (115) (131) (133) (134) (135) (136) (140) (141) (150) (215) (200) (216) (300) (400) (401) (410) (500) (600) (800) (900) (1000) (210) (220) (412) (425) (430) (450) (550) (700) (801) (850) (820) (808) (840) (920) (901) (980) (804) (994) (956) (925) (950) (997) (951) (1001) (212) (304) (301) (331) (342) (338) (350) (353) (340) (345) (405) (385) (411) (416) (428) (424) (421) (423) (426) (440) (431) (436) (449) (432) (437) (469) (460) (471) (438) (536) (419) (508) (417) (418) (520) (483) (524) (641) (504) (422) (435) (486) (529) (494) (506) (553) (588) (640) (530) (796) (962)  Â£1,000 (1,200) Â1,300 Â2,200 Â"Cholangitis" (1)" (2), obstructive jaundice (1), gallbladder perforation (2,
We included 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 472 participants. Seven of these trials provided evidence for the main comparison and the primary outcome and these were pooled. Overall, long-term antibiotic prophylaxis probably reduces the risk of SSI (plausible effects range between a 76% to a 0.26% relative reduction in SSI) with the use of antibiotics compared with a single dose of antibiotics (moderate-quality evidence). There is uncertainty surrounding the relative effects of short-term antibiotics (220 participants). No reports described adverse effects associated with the drugs in those trials that reported in this outcome. None of the trials assessed or reported data regarding other outcomes, and information was insufficient to show whether a specific antibiotic is better than another.
We found only one small study, involving 40 infants and 42 women. There were no significant benefits or adverse effects of elective preterm birth at 36 weeks' gestation for infants with gastroschisis. There was a small difference in gestational age at birth between the two arms of the trial (35.8 weeks (SD 0.7) in the elective group and 36.7 in the spontaneous group). There were also no differences in birthweight, ventilation requirements, necrotising enterocolitis and need for repeat surgery between the groups. This review is not able to draw any firm conclusions regarding the benefits or harms of this intervention. Further research is needed in this area.
We found three randomised controlled trials (three studies in adults) with a total of 122 participants. One study was parallel-group, and two had a cross-over design. All used paracetamol as an add-on to established treatment with strong opioids (median daily morphine equivalent doses of 60 mg, 70 mg, and 225 mg, with some participants taking several hundred mg of oral morphine equivalents daily). Other drugs used in the studies included non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), tricyclic antidepressants, or neuroleptics. We found no studies in children. All studies were at high risk of bias for incomplete outcome data and small size. None of the studies reported any of our primary outcomes: pain reduction of at least 50%, and at least 30%, from baseline; participants with pain no worse than mild at the end of the treatment period; or participants with Patient Global Impression of Change (PGIC) of much improved or very much improved (or equivalent wording). What pain reports there were indicated no difference when added to another treatment. There was no convincing evidence of a difference in quality of life, use of rescue medication, or participant satisfaction or preference. Measures of harm (serious side effects, other adverse events, and withdrawal due to lack of efficacy) were inconsistently reported and provided no clear evidence of difference. There is no high-quality evidence to support or refute the use of paracetaminophen alone or in combination with opioids for the first two steps of the three-step WHO cancer pain ladder.
This review identified 15 randomised controlled trials, 14 of which were conducted in China and 14 in hospitals. Antimuscarinics (astemizole, diphenhydramine, propantheline, doxepin) were the most commonly evaluated drugs. The quality of reporting was poor with no studies clearly describing allocation concealment and much data were missing or unusable. Most frequently the primary outcome was the diameter of the wet patch on the pillow. For the outcome of 'no clinically important improvement' astemizole and diphenHydramine were more effective than placebo, but the doses of a stemizole used were those that can cause toxicity. Adverse effects were poorly recorded. Of the other interventions, oryzanol (rice bran oil and rice embryo oil extract) showed benefit over the antimuscarinic doXepin in terms of no clinically important change. The Chinese medicine suo quo wan (comprises spicebush root, Chinese yam and bitter cardamom) showed a benefit over doXeepin. There are currently insufficient data to confidently inform clinical practice. The limitations of these studies are plentiful and the risk of bias is high. These trials, however, are invaluable guides for current and future study design. Well conducted randomised trials are possible. Some may be underway.
We included six randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 195 participants with MS. Two studies compared inspiratory muscle training with a threshold device; three studies compared the use of a resistive threshold device versus no active training; and one study compared regular breathing exercises with regular exercises. Eighteen participants (˜ 10%) dropped out; trials reported no serious adverse events. We pooled and analyzed data of 5 trials (N=137) for both inspiratory and expiratory muscles training, using a fixed-effect model for all but one outcome. Compared to no active control, we found no significant difference in maximal inspiratory pressure (mean difference (MD) 6.50 cmH2O, 95% confidence interval (CI) −7.39 to 20.38, P = 0.36, I2 = 0%) or maximal expiratories (MD −8.22 cmH 2O). However, there was a significant benefit on the predicted maximum inspiratory pressures (MD 20.92 cmH1, 95%) compared to a sham exercise (MD 0.006 cmH0, 0.02 cmH3). We did not find a significant difference between the two groups with regard to quality of life or fatigue. We could not perform a meta-analysis for adverse events, as no serious side effects were reported in any of the included trials. The quality of the evidence was low for all outcomes because of limitations in design and implementation as well as imprecision of results.
We found one randomised controlled trial (RCT) comparing betamethasone (1.5 mg/day) with no medication in 38 women (41 pregnancies) with only 26 women (28 pregnancies) being analysed. Maternal death, perinatal mortality, postpartum haemorrhage and neonatal bleeding were not studied by this RCT. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of this drug in pregnant women with ITP during pregnancy. The evidence is current to May 2016. This review did not provide evidence about other medical treatments for ITP. This systematic review also identified the need for well-designed, adequately powered randomised clinical trials for this medical condition.
We found two studies with a total of 111 participants (n = 30 and n = 81), both conducted in Iran, that met our inclusion criteria. Participants had moderate to severe keratoconus pre-operatively and were randomly allocated to receive either DALK or penetrating keratoplasty. Only one eye of each participant was treated as part of the trials. The smaller study had 12 month follow-up data for all participants. For the larger study, four DALK surgeries had to be abandoned due to technical failure and visual and refractive outcomes were not measured in these participants. Follow-up length for the remaining 77 participants ranged from 6.8 to 36.4 months, with all 77 followed for at least three months post-suture removal. Details of the randomisation procedure were unavailable for the smaller study and so we were unable to determine if the results from this study had affected the overall results of the review. Neither of the included studies reported a difference between groups on any of the measures of post-graft visual achievement, keratometric astigmatism or spherical equivalent. No postoperative graft failures were reported in the DALK group of either study. The data, which related to all cases in each study - given that the four cases that did not go ahead as planned had already technically failed without presence of rejection - showed that rejection was less likely to occur in DALK (odds ratio (OR): 0.33, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.14 to 0.81, GRADE rating: moderate). Results of the Razmju 2011 study did not bias the results with regards to rejection episodes, but the data available from the Javadi 2010 study alone had a very wide 95% CI, suggesting an imprecise estimate. The quality of the evidence was rated as very low to moderate, with methodological limitations, incomplete data analysis and imprecision of findings, as well as high risk of bias in several areas for both studies.
We included 67 randomised controlled trials (from 76 reports), recruiting 8506 women; the number of women included in analyses varied greatly between outcomes, with haemoglobin concentration being the outcome with the largest number of participants analysed (6861 women). Only 10 studies were considered at low overall risk of bias, with most studies presenting insufficient details about trial quality. Women receiving iron were significantly less likely to be anaemic at the end of intervention compared to women receiving control (10 studies, 3273 women, moderate quality evidence). Women taking iron had a higher concentration of iron in their blood (high quality evidence), and had a reduced risk of iron deficiency (moderate quality evidence) (7 studies, 1088 women, high quality evidence); only one study (55 women) specifically reported iron-deficiency anaemia and no studies reported mortality. Seven trials recruiting 901 women reported on 'any side effect' and did not identify an overall increased prevalence of side effects from iron supplements. Five studies recruiting 521 women identified an increased number of gastrointestinal side effects in women taking iron. Six studies recruiting 604 women identified a higher number of loose stools/diarrhoea and eight studies recruiting 1036 women identified increased numbers of hard stools and constipation. Seven studies recruiting 1190 women identified evidence of an increased frequency of abdominal pain among women randomised to iron. Eight studies recruiting 1214 women did not find any evidence of a higher prevalence of nausea among women randomly allocated to iron (low quality evidence): seven studies recruiting 1114 women found no evidence of increased frequency or frequency of nausea in women randomly assigned to iron compared to control. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to very low. The evidence was up to date as of May 2016. We found that daily iron supplementation effectively reduces the prevalence of anaemia, iron deficiency and iron stores, improves exercise performance and reduces symptomatic fatigue. These benefits come at the expense of increased gastrointestinal symptomatic side effects. Evidence that iron supplementation improves cognitive performance in women is uncertain, as studies could not be combined and individual studies reported conflicting results.
We found five randomised controlled trials with a total of 1,726 patients with advanced or metastatic colorectal cancer. The evidence is current to May 2015. The results of the review are up to date as of May 2016. We found no evidence to support or refute the use of irinotecan and fluoropyrimidines in combination for progression-free survival. The quality of the evidence for overall survival was low to moderate, mainly due to study limitations. There were higher risks of toxicity outcomes grade 3 or 4 diarrhoea and grade 1 or 2 alopecia, and a lower risk of grade 3 and 4 neutropenia in controls compared to the invervention group. There was no overall survival benefit of the combination treatment over the standard treatment alone. However, this result may have been driven by findings from the single first-line treatment setting study. Further studies with sufficient numbers of patients in each treatment arm are needed to clarify the benefit observed with combination treatment.
This review looked at whether a transverse incision was better than an oblique incision for reducing the risk of rupture (wound dehiscence/incisional hernia) and pain in the early post-operative period. There was no difference seen in other early or late post-operative complications and recovery times were similar. There were no differences between the two types of incisions in terms of the number of patients who needed to be re-admitted to hospital or the length of hospital stay. However, there was some evidence to suggest that a transversal incision has less impact on pulmonary function and is less prone to rupture. There may also be less pain and a better appearance of the incision. There is not enough evidence to say whether transverse/oblique incisions are more or less effective in reducing the need for analgesia (painkillers). There was not enough information to say if transversals were better or worse than obverses. The results should be interpreted with caution because of the differences in the method of assessment, the variability of data and the heterogeneity of the participant groups.
We included nine studies with a total of 981 participants. Five studies were conducted in Europe and four in North America. The mean age across trials ranged between 32.0 and 43.7 years. All included studies were judged as having high risk of bias due to lack of blinding, and four of the nine studies suffered from at least one additional source of possible bias. In MBR compared to usual care for subacute LBP, individuals receiving MBR had less pain and less disability, as well as increased likelihood of return-to-work and fewer sick leave days. However, when comparing MBR to other treatments (i.e. brief intervention with features from a light mobilization program and a graded activity program, functional restoration, brief clinical intervention including education and advice on exercise, and psychological counselling), we found no differences between the groups in terms of pain, functional disability, and time away from work. Although we looked for adverse events in both comparisons, none of the included studies reported this outcome. The effect sizes for pain and disability were low to moderate, whereas effects for work-related outcomes were in the moderate range. No adverse events were reported in any of the studies. The quality of the evidence was low to very low due to the small number of participants in the studies and the small size of the results.
We included 18 randomised controlled trials with 4843 men with bone metastases from prostate cancer. We found that bisphosphonates probably decrease the number of skeletal-related events and disease progression in participants with prostate cancer metastatic to bone. However, we did not find any clear differences in mortality, quality of life, adverse events or adverse events between the two regimens. We also found no clear difference in the proportion of participants who experienced nausea, pain or osteonecrosis of the jaw between the groups. We were not able to combine the results of our analyses because of the small number of participants included in the analyses. The quality of the evidence was rated as low to moderate for pain and adverse events, moderate for mortality and very low for adverse events. We rated the quality of evidence for adverse effects as moderate to very low. The evidence is current to May 2017.
We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 1093 patients. All trials were randomised to receive either HDT + ASCT or no treatment. We found a statistically significant increase in survival in previously untreated patients in the HDT plus ASCT arm. However, this effect is not transferred into an OS advantage in patients with relapsed FL. We also found an advantage in terms of progression-free survival (PFS) in patients treated with rituximab (an anti-cancer drug) in one trial, but the trial had to be stopped early due to a significant PFS advantage in the treatment arm. We did not find a significant difference in the number of patients who survived in the control arm. There was no difference between the two groups of patients. The quality of the five trials was judged to be moderate. Due to the small number of studies in each analysis (four or less), the quantification of heterogeneity was not reliable and not evaluated in further detail. A potential source of bias is uncertainties in the HR calculation for survival curves, for PFS for two trials. For OS, the HR was calculated for three trials from survival curves. For PFS and OS, we found some evidence (one trial, N = 70) that HDT combined with ASCT is advantageous in the previously untreated group. These effects are confirmed in a subgroup analysis (one study) of the same trial (one treatment arm) adding ritukimab to both treatment arms. This study had to stop early because of a significant improvement in PFS, but this effect was not transferred to OS. For this trial, no results were reported for TRM, adverse events or secondary cancers. Adverse events were rarely reported and were observed more frequently in patients undergoing HDT and ASCT (mostly infections and haematological toxicity). In summary, the currently available evidence suggests a strong PFS benefit for HDT compared with chemotherapy or immuno-chemotherapy in newly untreated patients with FL. Further trials evaluating this approach are needed to determine this effect more precisely. Moreover, longer follow-up data are necessary to find out whether this advantage will translate into OS advantage.
We included 15 randomised controlled trials (1437 participants) of WDD for schizophrenia. There was a high risk of performance bias within the trials but overall, risk for selection, attrition and reporting bias was low or unclear. Data showed WDD improved the short-term global state of participants compared with placebo or no treatment. However, WDD was associated with fewer people experiencing extrapyramidal effects (EPS) compared with other treatments (2 RCTs 0/70 versus 47/70, n = 140, RR 0.02, 95% CI 0.00 to 0.15, moderate-quality evidence). WDD is often used as an add-on intervention alongside antipsychotics. When compared with antipsychotic drugs, such as chlorpromazine or risperidone, no difference was observed in short term global state and mental state (total endpoint Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS): 2 RCTS, 140, MD 0.84, 95.17 to 5.84). However, there were fewer people with EPS compared to other treatments, and fewer participants with EPS. When WDD combined with an anti-psychotic drug was compared with normal-dose anti-depressants alone, the combination group had better global state (short-term results, 6 trials, 684 participants) and better mental state and weight gain (longer term results, 5 trials, 580 participants), but there was no effect on weight gain. The combination group also had fewer adverse effects (long term results) when WDD + low-dose antiepileptic drugs (7 trials, 522 participants) were compared to normal-dummy anti-epiduric drugs (low-dose drugs) alone. There were no data on outcomes directly reporting quality of life, hospital service use and economics. The available evidence is not high quality. Better designed large studies are needed to fully and fairly test the effects of W DD.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 799 participants. The evidence is current to May 2016. We found three new studies (228 participants) in this review. The results of these studies are up-to-date as of May 2017. Multistrand stainless steel versus superelastic nickel-titanium (NiTi) arch wires. There were five studies in this group and it was appropriate to undertake a meta-analysis of two of them. There is insufficient evidence from these studies to determine whether there is a difference in rate of alignment between multistrand and supererelastic NiTi arch wires (low- to very low-quality evidence). The findings for pain at day 1 as measured on a 100 mm visual analogue scale suggested that there was no meaningful difference between the interventions. There was also insufficient evidence to determine if there was any difference in pain or alignment at day one between the two types of arch wire in terms of tooth movement. Conventional NiTi with or without a single-strand (coaxial) supeleurophene (coil) arch wire (coastal) versus a single strand (single strand) (coachial) NiTi (coacoal) wire (dual-coil arch wire). There were three studies, but it was not appropriate to analyse the results of the data for this comparison. There are no differences in the number of teeth that were moved over the course of 12 weeks between the different types of wires. The quality of the evidence was moderate for the results for pain and alignment, and very low for the differences between the other comparisons. We judged the quality of evidence for other comparisons to be low or very low because of the small number of participants in each study, and the small numbers of participants. None of the studies reported on the adverse outcome of root resorption. We did not find any evidence that any particular arch wire material was superior to any other for any of the comparisons.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) on the effectiveness of de-escalation techniques in older people with dementia. We found only one study, which involved 306 people with a mean age of 86 years. The study did not measure any of our primary or secondary outcomes but did measure behavioural change using three scales: the Cohen-Mansfield Agitation Inventory (CMAI; 29-item scale), the Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI; 12-item scales), and the Observation Scale (OS; 25- item scale). For the CMAI, the study reports a Global score (29 items rated on a seven-point scale (1 = never occurs to 7 = occurs several times an hour) and summed to give a total score ranging from 29 to 203) and mean scores (evaluable items (rated on the same 7-point scales) divided by the theoretical total number of items) for the following four domains: Physically Non-Aggressive Behaviour, such as pacing (13 items), Verbally Non-aggressive Behaviour such as repetition (four items), Physically Aggressive Beh Behaviour (such as hitting) such as hitting (nine items), and Verbally Aggressive behaviour, such than swearing (three items). Four of the five CMAIs improved in the intervention group (Global: change mean difference (MD) −5.69 points, 95% confidence interval (CI) −9.59 to −1.79) for physically non-aggressive behaviour, Physically non-aggressive behaviour (MD −0.32 points, 0.49 to 0.15) for Verbally non- Aggressive behavioural change, and Physically aggressive behavioural change (MD -0.16 points, 99% CI 0.31 to −.01). There was no difference in change scores on the PhysicallyAggressive scale. There were no differences in NPI or OS change scores between groups by the end of the study. We also identified one ongoing study. The quality of this evidence is very low due to high risk of bias and indirectness of the outcome measures. The limited evidence means that uncertainty remains around the effectiveness and the relative efficacy of different techniques. High-quality research is urgently needed.
We included 13 trials with 1316 participants in a qualitative synthesis. Eleven trials had a small sample size and short follow-up periods. Nine trials compared different topical skin care products, including a combination of products. Two trials tested a structured skin care procedure. One trial compared frequencies of application of topical products. We found evidence in two trials, being of low and moderate quality, that soap and water performed poorly in the prevention and treatment of IAD (primary outcomes of this review). The first trial indicated that the use of a skin cleanser might be more effective than the use (low quality evidence). The second trial, being a washcloth with cleansing, moisturising, and protecting properties (moderate quality evidence), indicated that a structured (structured) washcloth procedure, with cleansing and moisturising properties, might be effective in preventing and treating IAD. Findings from the other trials, all of low to very low quality, suggest that applying a leave-on product (moisturiser, skin protectant, or a combination) and avoiding soap seems to be better than withholding these products. No trial reported on the third primary outcome 'number of participants not satisfied with treatment' or on adverse effects. The evidence in this review is current up to 28 September 2016. The overall risk of bias in the included studies was high. The data were not suitable for meta-analysis due to heterogeneity in participant population, products, skin care procedures, outcomes, and measurement tools.
We included seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 333 participants in our review. The antiviral drugs in the included studies were acyclovir, valomaciclovir and valacyClovir. Three trials studied hospitalised patients, two trials were conducted in an outpatient setting, while the trial setting was unclear in two studies. Participants' ages ranged from two years to young adults. The type of antiviral, administration route, and treatment duration varied between the trials. Follow-up varied from 20 days to six months. The diagnosis of IM was based on clinical symptoms and laboratory parameters. The quality of the evidence was graded as very low for all outcomes and so the results should be interpreted with caution. There were statistically significant improvements in the treatment group for two of the 12 outcomes. These improvements may be of limited clinical significance. There was a mean reduction in 'time to clinical recovery as assessed by physician' of five days but with wide confidence intervals (CIs) (95% CI -8.04 to -1.08; two studies, 87 participants). Prospective studies indicate that clinical signs and symptoms may take one month or more to resolve and that fatigue may be persistent in approximately 10% of patients at six-month follow-up, so this may not be a clinically meaningful result. Trial results for the outcome 'adverse events and side effects of medication' were reported narratively in only five studies. In some reports authors were unsure whether an adverse event was related to medication or complication of disease. These results could not be pooled due to the potential for double counting results but overall, the majority of trials reporting this outcome did not find any significant difference between treatment and control groups. In terms of viral shedding, the overall effect from six studies was that viral shedding was suppressed while on antiviral treatment, but this effect was not sustained when treatment stopped. For all other outcomes there was no statistically significant difference. The effectiveness of the antiviral agents in acute IM is uncertain. The majority of included trials were at unclear or high risk of bias and so questions remain about the effectiveness of this intervention. Although two of 12 outcomes have results that favour treatment over control, the quality of evidence of these results is very low and may be clinically meaningful.
We found four randomised controlled trials with a total of 2250 participants. Insulin glargine was dosed once-daily in the evening with the option of an additional dose in the morning in three studies and initiated twice daily in one study. Of randomised patients 13.6% to 57.2% were injecting insulin detemir twice-daily at the end of trial. The results showed no significant differences in overall, nocturnal and severe hypoglycaemia between treatment groups. There was no significant difference in the variability of blood glucose levels in 24-hour blood glucose profiles between the two drugs. There were no differences in quality of life, costs or mortality between the different drugs. However, to achieve the same glycaemic control, insulin detmir was often injected twice daily but with a higher dose but with less weight gain, with somewhat fewer injection site reactions. In one study, there was not enough data to draw conclusions on health-related side effects.
We found six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 34 participants. Six trials assessed the effects of SNS for the treatment of severe incontinence and two compared SNS with percutaneous tibial nerve stimulation. In the parallel group trial conducted by Tjandra, 53 participants in the SNS group experienced fewer episodes of faecal incontinentity compared to the control group who received optimal medical therapy. Adverse events were reported in a proportion of participants: pain at implant site (6%), seroma (2%) and excessive tingling in the vaginal region (9%) in three participants: mild ipsilateral leg pain during temporary testing (1); and stimulator-site pain following insertion of a neurostimulator (2). In the crossover trial by Leroi 7 of 34 recruited participants were excluded from the crossover due mainly to complications or immediate device failure. Twenty-four of the remaining 27 participants while still blinded chose the period of stimulation they had preferred. Outcomes were reported separately for 19 participants who preferred the 'on' and five who preferred to use the 'off' period. For the group of 19, the median (range) episodes of episodes of infecation per week fell from 1.7 to 0.7 (0 to 9) during the off period compared with 5.7 per week during the on period. Abdominal pain and bloating occurred 79% of the time during the ‘off’ period. No adverse events occurred. In contrast, in the trial by Dinning with 59 participants, SNS did not improve frequency of bowel movements and 73 side effects were reported, which included pain at site of the implanted pulse generator (32), wound wound (1) and pain at stimulator site (1). Two trials assessed SNS in constipation for constipation. For two participants, the two participants experienced an average of two bowel movements per week, compared with five per week in the group who used the stimulator 'on'. No side effects occurred in the other two participants. Neither study reported adverse events. Four of 27 participants had an adverse event resulting in removal of the device. The other four had a side effect resulting in the device being removed. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016.
Two randomised controlled trials (n = 190) were included in the review and both presented data on first time failure at the tooth level. Pooling of the data showed a statistically significant difference in favour of molar bands, with a hazard ratio of 2.92 (95% confidence interval (CI) 1.80 to 4.72). No statistically significant heterogeneity was shown between the two studies. Data were also available and showed statistically different difference between molar tubes bonded with either a chemically-cured or a light-cure adhesive. One trial showed that there was less decalcification with molar band cemented with glass ionomer cement. No other adverse events were identified. However, given there are limited data for this outcome, further evidence is required to draw more robust conclusions.
We found 66 studies published between 1988 and 2012 that included 7747 patients with gastric cancer who were staged with EUS. We found that the diagnostic accuracy of EUS might be considered clinically useful to guide physicians in the locoregional staging of people with Gastric carcinoma. However, the quality of the included studies was good: in particular, only five studies presented a high risk of index test interpretation bias and two studies were at risk of selection bias. For primary tumor (T) stage, results were stratified according to the depth of invasion of the gastric wall. The meta-analysis of 50 studies (n = 4397) showed that EUS diagnostic accuracy in T1 to T2 (superficial) versus T3 to T4 (advanced) gastric carcinomas were 0.86 and 0.90 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.81 to 0.93) respectively. For T1 (early) to T1b (muscle-infiltrating) and T1a (submucosal) cancers, the meta-Analysis of 46 studies (2742) and 44 studies (3573) showed the same results. For the metastatic involvement of lymph nodes (N-stage) and lymph node status (positive versus negative) we found similar results. When we addressed the capacity of the EUS to distinguish between superficial and submucosal cancers, 20 studies (3321) showed a similar result and specificity of 0.87 (95%, 95% CI 0.79 to 1.92) for superficial and 1.1b versus 1.2.0. Finally, for the lymph nodes involved in N-stage of the cancer, we found the same result but the difference between the results was not significant. Overall, we could not identify any consistent source of the differences in the results between the studies. Therefore, the results of this review need to be interpreted with caution.
We identified six randomised clinical trials involving 492 participants undergoing day-surgery laparoscopic cholecystectomy for symptomatic gallstones. The number of participants in each trial ranged from 28 to 150. The proportion of women in the trials varied between 74% and 84%. The mean or median age of the participants varied between 40 and 47 years. There were no deaths in either of the groups. Long-term mortality was not reported in any of the trials. There was no significant difference in the rate of serious adverse events between the two groups (4 trials; 391 participants; 7/191 (1.6%) versus 1/200 (0.5%) in the overnight stay surgery group; rate ratio 3.24; 95% CI 0.74 to 14.09). There was also no difference in quality of life or hospital readmission rate (5 trials; 464 participants; 6/225 (5/225) versus 5/239 (2.1%) in overnight surgery group). No significant difference was seen in the proportion of failed discharge (failure to be discharged as planned) or in the number of people requiring hospital readmissions (3 trials; 290 participants; 5/136 (4/136) versus 3/154 (3.2) in overnight operation group; RR 1.09; 95%, 95%CI 0.33 to 3.60). For all outcomes except pain, the accrued information was far less than the diversity-adjusted required information size to exclude random errors. Day-sur surgery appears to be just as safe as overnight surgery in patients with gallstones and does not seem to result in improvement in any patient-oriented outcomes such as return to normal activity or earlier return to work. However, the quality of the evidence is weakened by risks of systematic errors (bias) and risks of random errors (play of chance). The evidence is up to date as of May 2016.
We included eight studies, involving 2488 participants, two more studies and 415 more participants than the previous version of this review. Studies were of generally good methodological quality; we judged only one study at high risk of bias, due to small size. Two studies used a placebo control and six used 0.04% topical capsaicin as an 'active' placebo to help maintain blinding. For postherpetic neuralgia, we found four studies (1272 participants). At both 8 and 12 weeks, about 10% more participants reported themselves much or very much improved with high-concentration capsicin than with 'active’ placebo. More participants (about 10%) had average 2 to 8-week and 2 to 12-week pain intensity reductions over baseline of at least 30% and at least 50% with capsiacin than control, with NNT values between 10 and 12 (2 to 4 studies, 571 to 1272 participants; very low quality evidence). For painful HIV-neuropathy, two studies (801 participants). One study reported the proportion of participants who were very or very improved at 12 weeks (27% with high, 10% with low, and 10% placebo). For both studies, more participants (more than 10%) experienced pain intensity reduction over two to 12 weeks. For painful diabetic neuropathy, one study (369 participants) did not show a difference between high and placebo for pain reduction. One small study (46 participants) of 46 participants with persistent pain following inguinal herniorrhaphy did not see a difference in pain reduction (very low, very low-quality evidence). We downgraded the quality of the evidence for efficacy outcomes by one to three levels due to sparse data, imprecision, possible effects of imputation methods, and susceptibility to publication bias. No deaths were judged to be related to study medication. Local adverse events were common, but not consistently reported. Serious side effects were no more common with active treatment (3.5% versus 3.2%). Adverse event withdrawals did not differ between groups, but lack of efficacy withdrawals were somewhat more common, based on small numbers of events (six to eight studies with 21 to 67 events; moderate quality evidence, downgraded due to few events).
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 6343 participants (35,000 patient years of follow-up). We did a combined analysis of individual patient data on 6092 participants after reassessing the carotid angiograms and outcomes from all three trials using the primary electronic data files, and redefined outcome events where necessary, to achieve comparability. On re-analysis, there were no significant differences between the trials in the risks of any of the main outcomes in either of the treatment groups, or in the effects of surgery. Surgery increased the five-year risk of ipsilateral ischaemic stroke in participants with less than 30% stenosis (N = 1746, risk ratio (RR) 1.27, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.80 to 2.01). Endarterectomy was of some benefit for participants with 50% to 69% symptomatic stenosis without near-occlusion (moderate-quality evidence), and highly beneficial for those with 70% or more stenosis. However, there was no evidence of benefit in people with near-OCclusions. The quality of the evidence was moderate for both outcomes.
This review included 10 studies with a total of 864 participants. The results were inconclusive for the incidence of parastomal herniation, development of ileus or stenosis, or skin irritation (low-quality evidence). We did not measure quality of life, which was not one of our outcomes of interest. None of the included studies measured other stoma-related morbidity or mortality. We found inconsistent results between the two compared interventions regarding their potential to prevent parastomies. The quality of the evidence was moderate to very low for the results of the subgroup analysis in which we compared the effect of the ileostomy versus colostomy approach. The study did not measured other outcomes, such as the occurrence of prolapse (prolapse of the stoma) or the number of deaths (very low quality evidence). In conclusion, there is still a lack of high quality evidence to support the ideal surgical technique of stoma formation. The available evidence does not support or refute one of the studied techniques over the other.
We found 24 randomised controlled trials with 2126 participants. We found no significant differences in the primary outcomes of relapse, hospitalisation and general functioning between supportive therapy and standard care. There were, however, significant differences favouring other psychological or psychosocial treatments over supportive therapy. These included hospitalisation rates, clinical improvement in mental state and satisfaction of treatment for the recipient of care. For this comparison, we found no evidence of significant differences for rate of relapse and leaving the study early and quality of life. When we compared supportive therapy to cognitive behavioural therapy CBT, we again found no differences in primary outcomes. There was insufficient data to compare supportive therapy with family therapy and psychoeducation, and no studies provided data regarding clinically important change in general functioning, one of our main outcomes of interest. Future research would benefit from larger trials that use supportive therapy as the main treatment arm rather than the comparator.
We found 11 studies with 949 participants with mostly moderate or severe cancer pain. Eight studies were double-blind, two single-blind and one open-label. None had a placebo only control; eight compared different NSAIDs, three an NSAID with opioid or opioid combination, and one both. None compared a NSAID plus opioid with the same dose of opioid alone. It was not possible to compare NSAIDs as a group with another treatment, or one NSAID versus another NSAID. Results for all NSAIDs are reported as a randomised cohort. We judged results for all outcomes as very low-quality evidence. None of the studies reported our primary outcomes of pain reduction of at least 50%, and at least 30%, from baseline; participants with much improved or very much improved (or equivalent wording); or side effects. Withdrawals were common, mostly because of lack of efficacy or adverse events. Adverse event and withdrawal reporting was inconsistent. Common adverse events were thirst/dry mouth (15%), loss of appetite (14%), somnolence (11%), and dyspepsia (11%). There is no evidence to support or refute the use of NSAIDs alone or in combination with opioids for the three steps of the three-step WHO cancer pain ladder.
We found two studies with 287 participants. One study (with 253 participants) involved 253 participants and the quality of the evidence for most outcomes was very low. This study reported that pain severity at day two and day three was lower in the tinzaparin group than in the placebo group (P < 0.01, analysis of variance (ANOVA)) and additionally at day 4 (P = 0.05, ANOVA)). This study also reported that participants treated with the low-molecular-weight heparin dalteparin had more rapid resolution of pain, as measured with a numerical pain scale. The mean difference in duration of painful crises was statistically significant at -1.78 days (95% confidence interval -1 to 1.62) in favour of the tinZaparin treatment group. Participants treated with tinZAParin had statistically significantly fewer hospitalisation days than participants in the group treated with placebo, with a mean difference of -4.98 days (5.48 to 4.48). Two minor bleeding events were reported as adverse events, and none were reported. The second study (unclear risk of bias) including 34 participants and was a conference abstract with limited data and only addressed one of the predefined outcomes of the review; i.e. pain intensity. After one day pain intensity reduced more, as reported on a visual analogue scale, in the dALTeparin group compared with the placebo. The quality of evidence was rated very low due to the small number of participants and imprecise results.
We did not find any randomised controlled trials comparing either anticoagulants or antiplatelet drugs with control for the treatment of extracranial internal carotid artery dissection. There were also no randomised trials that directly compared either drug with the other. We found no evidence of a significant difference between the two drugs in terms of the risk of death, disability, or the occurrence of ischaemic stroke. However, there was a non-significant difference in the number of people who had a haemorrhage. Symptomatic intracranial haemorerhages (5/627; 0.8%) and major haemover (7/425; 1.6%) occurred only in those who were treated with antiplatelets. For both these outcomes, the estimates were imprecise and indicated no significant difference in favour of the two treatment modalities.
We found 26 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 2066 participants. We grouped results according to wound type, and silver preparation. Thirteen trials compared topical silver (in a variety of formulations - including silver sulphadiazine (SSD) cream) with non-silver dressings. One trial compared two silver-containing dressings, and showed a significantly lower infection rate with silver-coated gauze (Acticoat®) than with silver nitrate gauze. However, three trials showed significantly more infection with SSD than with the other dressing. Six trials compared SSD cream with silver dressing. One showed significantly fewer infections with the silver dressing (Hydron AgSD) compared with SSD, but the remaining five found no evidence of a difference. Only one comparison showed a significant reduction in healing time associated with a silver dressing in diabetic foot ulcers. There is insufficient evidence to establish whether silver dressings or topical agents promote wound healing or prevent wound infection; some poor quality evidence for SSD suggests the opposite.
We found 12 studies with 3571 participants. All included studies examined the empiric use of one antimicrobial regimen versus another for the treatment of adults with VAP, but the particular drug regimens examined by each study varied. All but one study reported sources of funding or author affiliations with pharmaceutical companies. There was potential for bias because some studies did not report outcomes for all participants. We found no statistical difference in all-cause mortality, clinical cure, length of stay in the intensive care unit (ICU), or adverse events between the different antibiotic regimens. We downgraded the quality of evidence for clinical cure to moderate for this comparison. We did not find a difference between carbapenems and non-carbapenem therapies, but we found an increase in clinical cure in the clinical cure for imipenem-cilastatin. Of importance, this effect was due to a single study. For our second comparison of combination therapy with optional adjunctives only one meta-analysis could be performed because there was a lack of trials comparing the same antibiotic regimen. Two studies compared tigecycline (an antifungal antibiotic) versus imipinem (an antibiotic) in the clinically evaluable population and there was an increased clinical cure. We rated the evidence for adverse events to be low. The quality of the evidence was moderate for all outcomes except clinical cure and adverse events. The evidence for all other outcomes was of very low quality.
We included 29 studies (12 were controlled) investigating policies targeting 11 drug classes for restriction. Participants were most often senior citizens or low income adult populations, or both, in publically subsidized or administered pharmaceutical benefit plans. Impact of policies varied by drug class and whether restrictions were implemented or relaxed. When policies targeted gastric-acid suppressant and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug classes, decreased drug use and substantial savings on drugs occurred immediately and for up to two years afterwards, with no increase in the use of other health services (6 studies). Targeting second generation antipsychotic drugs increased treatment discontinuity and reduced the number of people who stopped treatment (2 studies). Relaxing restrictions for reimbursement of antihypertensives and statins increased appropriate use and decreased overall drug expenditures. Two studies which measured health outcomes directly were inconclusive. Implementing restrictions to coverage and reimbursement of selected medications can decrease third-party drug spending without increasing the use in the health system. Relaxing reimbursement rules for drugs used for secondary prevention can also remove barriers to access. Policy design, however, needs to be based on research quantifying the harm and benefit profiles of target and alternative drugs to avoid unwanted health system and health effects. Impacts on health equity, relating to the fair and just distribution of health benefits in society (sustainable access to publically financed drug benefits for seniors and low income populations, for example), also require explicit measurement.
We found 19 studies with a total of 4232 participants. The included studies reported a wide variety of interventions, study populations, clinical outcomes and outcome measures. There was substantial clinical heterogeneity amongst the studies and it was not deemed appropriate to pool data in a meta-analysis. We summarised data by categorising similar interventions into comparison groups. Four studies compared any form of one-to-one OHA versus no OHA. Two studies reported the outcome of gingivitis. Although one small study had contradictory results at 3 months and 6 months, the other study showed very low-quality evidence of a benefit for OHA at all time points (very low quality evidence). The same two studies reported on plaque reduction at all times. There were no differences in the results between the two studies in terms of the number of people who had tooth decay at the end of the study. Two other studies reported dental caries at 6 months and 12 months respectively. The results of these two studies were very low quality. Three studies compared some form of self-management (e.g. self-care, self-help or self-talk) versus some type of professional OHA and there was little evidence available that any of these interventions demonstrated a difference on the outcomes. None of the studies measured tooth decay. We rated the quality of the evidence as very low or very low. We did not find enough evidence to recommend any specific method of OHA for improving oral health or being more effective than any other method. Further high-quality randomised controlled trials are required. The design of such trials should be cognisant of the limitations of the available evidence presented in this Cochrane Review.
Five small trials were included: two trials (30 and 49 participants) of oral steroids or placebo; one trial (40 participants) with no treatment; one (28 participants) oral or intra-articular steroids; and one (32 participants) manipulation under anaesthesia and intraarticular steroid injection with or without oral steroids. Study participants were similar across trials, but no trial used the same oral steroid regimen or dosage. Trials were of variable quality (only one of high quality) and some were poorly reported. No meta-analyses could be performed as no raw data could be extracted from one placebo-controlled trial and three trials used different comparators. One trial reported significant short-term benefits in pain, range of movement of the shoulder and function in adhesive capsulitis but the effect may not be maintained beyond six weeks. There were minimal adverse effects reported. A second trial reported no significant differences between oral steroids and placebo but it suggested improvement occurred earlier in the steroid treated group. A third trial reported that oral steroids provided a more rapid initial improvement in pain compared to no treatment but negligible differences by five months.
We found three randomised, placebo-controlled trials with a total of 50 participants. All three trials compared rTMS with sham TMS. All the trials were of poor methodological quality and were insufficiently homogeneous to allow the pooling of results. Moreover, the high rate of attrition from the trials increased the risk of bias. None of the trials provided detailed data on the ALS Functional Rating Scale-Revised (ALSFRS-R) scores at six months follow-up which was pre-assigned as our primary outcome. One trial contained data in a suitable form for quantitative analysis of our secondary outcomes. No difference was seen between the two groups using the ALSFRS-r scores and manual muscle testing (MMT) scores in this trial. Additionally, none of the studies reported any adverse events associated with the use of RTMS. However, in view of the small sample size, the methodological limitations and incomplete outcome data, there is currently insufficient evidence to draw conclusions about the efficacy and safety of the treatment of people with ALS. Further studies may be helpful if their potential benefit is weighed against the impact of participation in a randomised controlled trial.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (with a total of 1049 participants) of moderate to high risk of bias. All studies involved different comparisons, none had a placebo group. In one trial plasma exchange plus prednisone gave significantly better disease control at 1 month (0.3 mg/kg: RR 18.78, 95% CI 1.20 to 293.70), while another trial showed no difference at 6 months. In another trial clobetasol showed significantly more disease control than oral prednisolone in people with extensive and moderate BP, with significantly reduced mortality and adverse events. There were no significant differences in healing in a comparison of a standard regimen of topical steroids with a milder regimen in one trial. Very potent topical steroids are effective and safe treatments for BP, but their use in extensive disease may be limited by side-effects and practical factors. Milder regimens (using lower doses of steroids) are safe and effective in moderate BP. The effectiveness of adding plasma exchange, azathioprine or mycophenolate mofetil to corticosteroids, and combination treatment with tetracycline and nicotinamide needs further investigation.
This review included 75 randomised controlled trials, involving 7957 participants with irritable bowel syndrome. Herbal medicines were tested in the included trials, in which herbal medicines were compared with placebo or conventional pharmacologic therapy. Herbs were also combined with conventional therapy and compared to conventional therapy alone. Compared with placebo, a Standard Chinese herbal formula, individualised Chinese herbal medicine, Tibetan herbal medicine Padma Lax, traditional Chinese formula Tongxie Yaofang, and Ayurvedic preparation showed significantly improvement of global symptoms. In 65 trials testing 51 different herbal medicines, 22 herbal medicines demonstrated a statistically significant benefit for symptom improvement, and 29 herbal medicines did not significantly different from conventional therapy. In nine trials that evaluated herbal medicine combined with traditional therapy, six tested herbal preparations showed additional benefit from the combination therapy compared with conventional monotherapy. No serious adverse events were reported. Some herbal medicines may improve the symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome. However, positive findings from less rigorous trials should be interpreted with caution due to inadequate methodology, small sample sizes, and lack of confirming data.
We found 22 studies with a total of 12,400 participants. The drugs and doses evaluated included levonorgestrel (LNG) 0.75 mg (11 studies), LNG in doses other than 0.5 mg (4 studies), and hormones other than LNG (7 studies). Outcomes included pregnancy rates, discontinuation, side effects, and acceptability. The studies were conducted in Europe, Asia, and the Americas. We found that LNG was reasonably efficacious and safe. Most women liked the pericoital method in spite of frequent menstrual irregularities. Menstrual irregularities were the most common side effects reported. However, the studies provided no consistent evidence of a relationship between bleeding abnormalities and either frequency of pill intake or total dose of the drug. Non-menstrual side effects were reportedly mild and not tabulated in most studies. Other hormonal drugs appeared promising but most of them were not studied extensively. Rigorous research is still needed to confirm the efficacy and safety of LNG as a primary means of contraception among women with infrequent intercourse. If the method is shown to be efficacious, safe and acceptable, the results may warrant revision of the current World Health Organization recommendations and marketing strategies.
We found 15 randomised controlled trials with 561 participants. The studies were conducted in Europe, India, China, South Korea and the USA. The age range of patients was commonly restricted to adolescents or young adults, however the participants of two studies were from a much wider age range (12 to 54 years). The distribution of males and females was similar in eight of the studies, with a predominance of female patients in seven studies. Ten studies with 407 randomised and 390 analysed patients compared surgical anchorage with conventional anchorage for the primary outcome of mesiodistal movement of upper first molars. There was strong evidence that reinforcement of anchorage was more effective in the reinforcement of molars by 1.68 mm (95% confidence interval (CI) -2.27 mm to -1.09 mm; seven studies, 308 participants analysed) with moderate quality of evidence. This result should be interpreted with some caution, however, as there was a substantial degree of heterogeneity for this comparison. The results from mini-screw implants are particularly promising. There is no evidence of a difference in overall duration of treatment between surgical and conventional methods. Information on patient-reported outcomes such as pain and acceptability was limited and inconclusive. When direct comparisons were made between two types of surgical anchors, there was not enough evidence to suggest that any one technique was better than another. None of the included studies reported on harms of surgical or conventional techniques.
We included 50 studies (45,285 participants): 47 studies (39,820 participants) compared statins with placebo or no treatment and three studies compared two different statin regimens in adults with CKD who were not yet on dialysis. We were able to combine the results of 38 studies (37,274 participants). The risk of bias in the included studies was high. Seven studies comparing statins versus no treatment had lower risk of systematic errors and were conducted according to published protocols, outcomes were adjudicated by a committee, specified outcomes were reported, and analyses were conducted using intention-to-treat methods. Statins consistently lower death and major cardiovascular events by 20% in people who did not have CVD at baseline (primary prevention). Statin-related effects on stroke and kidney function were found to be uncertain and adverse effects of treatment are incompletely understood. Data for relative effects of intensive cholesterol lowering in people with early stages of kidney disease were sparse. Adverse effects from statin therapy were limited by lack of systematic reporting and were uncertain in analyses that had few events: elevated creatine kinase, liver function abnormalities, and cancer.
We found nine randomised controlled trials with 379 participants with cerebral palsy (CP) in five of the studies and osteogenesis imperfecta (OI) in the other four. Participants across the trials ranged in age from 2 to 19 years. Three of the trials on CP evaluated intrathecal baclofen (ITB) and two on botulinum toxin A (BoNT-A). All of the OI trials evaluated the use of bisphosphonates (two alendronate and one pamidronate). No trials were identified that evaluated a commonly used analgesic in this patient group. Pain was a secondary outcome in five out of the eight identified studies. For the two ITB studies for pain in CP, in the same study population but assessed at different time points in their disease, both found an effect on pain favouring the intervention compared to the control group (standard care or placebo) (mean difference (MD) 4.20, 95% confidence interval (CI) 2.15 to 6.25, respectively). In these studies most of the adverse events related to the procedure or device for administration rather than the drug, such as swelling at the pump site. In one trial there were also eight serious adverse effects; these included difficulty swallowing and an epileptic seizure. The trial did not state if these occurred in the intervention group. At follow-up there was no evidence of a difference in pain between the trial arms among CP participants. Gastrointestinal problems were the most frequent adverse event in those who received the intervention drug and involved seizures. No adverse events were reported in this trial. In the BoNT A trials there were no differences between the intervention and control groups in pain. The adverse events in these trials mostly involved those who were receiving the intervention drugs and involved seizure activity. No side effects were reported for the other drugs in this study. The study investigating pamidine found no difference between the control and the intervention groups. We are unable to determine the effects of pharmacological interventions for pain for CYP with LLCs. The evidence that is currently available evaluated pain largely as a second outcome and the drugs used were all adjuvants and not always commonly used in general paediatric palliative care for pain.
We found seven randomised controlled trials involving a total of 1697 participants. Three trials involving 1243 patients were included in analyses of efficacy outcomes, and four trials involving 1034 patients were identified. We found no data from the seventh trial. There was low quality evidence favouring latrepirdine on the Clinician's Interview - Based Impression of Change plus Caregiver Input after 26 weeks (CIBIC-Plus) (1 study, P < 0.001). Due to imprecision in the results, it was not possible to determine whether lat repirdine had any effect on cognition measured with the Alzheimer’s Disease Assessment Scale cognitive subscale (ADAS-Cog) or the Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) (3 studies, P = 0.45). However, there was some high quality evidence showing a very small benefit on the Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI) (MD -1.77, 95% CI -3.09 to -0.45) at study end (26 or 52 weeks). Additionally, moderate quality evidence suggested that latrepiritine and placebo were comparable in adverse events, serious adverse events and dropouts due to adverse events. The evidence to date suggests that while not associated with an increased risk of adverse events compared with placebo, there is no effect of lat repiritine on cognition and function in mild-to-moderate AD patients, though there appears to be a modest benefit for behaviour. We considered the evidence provided on these outcomes to be of overall low quality. We judged five trials to be at high risk of bias due to selective outcome reporting and three to have low risk of attrition bias.
We included seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 735 participants. We found low-quality evidence that RIC may reduce the risk of recurrent stroke in participants with intracerebral artery stenosis and reduce stroke severity in participants undergoing carotid stenting. No participants experienced death or cardiovascular events during the period of the studies; and no trial reported haemorrhagic stroke or improvement in neurological, phycological or cognitive impairment in people with acute ischaemic stroke and cerebral small vessel disease. The quality of the evidence was low to very low because of the small number of participants in the included studies and the small size of the trials.
We found six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 204 preterm infants. We found that protein supplementation of human milk increased short-term growth in weight, length, head circumference, and skin fold thickness. However, we did not find any evidence of a clear difference in rate of growth of skin folds thickness between the supplemented and unsupplemented groups. There were no data on outcomes after hospital discharge. No data were available about the effects of protein supplementation on duration of hospital stay, feeding intolerance, and necrotizing enterocolitis. The quality of the evidence was very low or very low for all of the outcomes. There was not enough evidence to determine whether or not protein supplementation increased the risk of feeding intolerance. We did not see any evidence that protein supplements led to longer hospital stays, higher blood urea nitrogen concentrations, or higher serum albumin concentrations. We also did not have data on long-term body mass index, body composition, neurodevelopmental, or cardio-metabolic outcomes. Our findings may not be generalisable to low-resource settings, as none of the included studies were conducted in these settings. Since protein supplementation is now usually done as a component of multi-nutrient fortifiers, future studies should compare different amounts of protein in a multi-component fortifier, and be designed to determine the effects on length of stay in hospital and safety, as well as on long term growth and body composition.
We found 45 studies that compared the effectiveness of PEMs compared to no intervention. Almost all the included studies (44/45) compared paper-based PEM to the same document delivered on CD-ROM. Based on seven studies and 54 outcomes, the median absolute risk difference in categorical practice outcomes was 0.02 (range from 0 to +0.11). Based on three studies and eight outcomes, there was a small improvement in standardised mean difference for continuous profession practice outcomes, 0.13 (range of -0.16 to +.36). Only two studies reported patient outcomes. In addition, we re-analysed 54 outcomes from 25 ITS studies, using time series regression, and observed statistically significant improvement in level or in slope in 27 outcomes. We could not comment on which PEM characteristic influenced their effectiveness. The results of this review suggest that when used alone and compared with no intervention, PEM may have a small beneficial effect on professional practice outcomes. There is insufficient information to reliably estimate the effect on patient outcomes, and clinical significance of the observed effect sizes is not known.
We found 23 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 5271 participants. Most were conducted in the USA and in health-care clinics (e.g. family planning). The majority of interventions provided information about STIs and taught safer sex skills, sometimes supplemented with provision of resources. They were heterogeneous in duration, contact time, provider, behavioural aims and outcomes. A variety of STIs were addressed including HIV and chlamydia. None of the trials explicitly mentioned HPV or cervical cancer prevention. There were no statistically significant effects of abstaining from or reducing sexual activity. There was little or no difference in the number of women who used condoms or stopped using sexual intercourse. However, there were few studies that looked at the effects of these interventions on biological (STI) outcomes. The results of this review are uncertain due to incomplete or ambiguous reporting. Behavioural interventions for young women which aim to promote sexual behaviours protective of STI transmission can be effective, primarily at encouraging condom use. Future evaluations should include a greater focus on HPV and its link to cervical cancer, with long-term follow-up to assess impact on behaviour change, rates of HPV infection and progression to cervical cancers. Studies should use an RCT design where possible with integral process evaluation and cost-effectiveness analysis where appropriate. Given the predominance of USA studies in this systematic review evaluations conducted in other countries would be particularly useful.
We included twenty studies with a total number of 2337 participants in this review. Nineteen studies compared brief psychoeducation with routine care or conventional delivery of information. One study compared brief psychodynamic education with cognitive behavior therapy. Brief psychoeducation was compared with cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) in one study. We found that participants receiving brief psychoeducational education were less likely to be non-compliant with medication than those receiving routine care in the short term (moderate quality evidence), medium term and long term (low quality evidence). Compliance with follow-up was similar between the two groups. Relapse rates were significantly lower in the medium term, but not in the long term. There was no difference found in quality of life as measured by GQOLI-74 in either group. Social function such as rehabilitation status and social disability were also improved in the brief psycho education group. We did not find a difference in the death rate in either groups, nor in the number of participants who relapsed. The quality of the evidence was low to very low, mainly due to the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants. We concluded that a brief approach to psychoeducation could potentially be effective, but further large, high-quality studies are needed to confirm or refute the use of this approach.
We included 11 studies with a total of 9839 participants in our analysis. Most studies included people with moderate to severe COPD, without recent exacerbations. One pharmaceutical sponsored study was the largest study and accounted for 37% of participants. All but one study were sponsored by pharmaceutical companies, thus we rated them as having a high risk of 'other bias'. The unsponsored study was at high risk for possible selective reporting. Five studies recruited GOLD Category B participants, one study recruited Category D participants, two studies recruited Category A/B participants, and three studies recruited participants regardless of category. Follow-up ranged from 6 to 52 weeks. Compared to the LABA+LABA arm, the results for the pooled primary outcomes for the LAMA plus LABA arm were as follows: exacerbations, serious adverse events (SAE), and St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) total score change from the baseline, MD -1.22 (95% CI -2.52 to 0.07, P = 0.06, I2 = 71%, low quality evidence); and trough forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) change, MD 0.08 L, P < 0.09, P= 50%, moderate quality evidence; and all-cause death, OR 1.01 (95%) and SGRQ total score score change of 4 points or greater (the minimal clinically important difference is 4 points), or 1.25 points, or 0.002 (0.002) (low quality evidence). For the pooled secondary outcomes of pneumonia, OR 0.57 (95%), low, low, moderate, and low, respectively, compared to LABA and LABA, we rated the quality of the evidence as low or moderate. For the treatment of COPD with LAMA, LAMA has fewer exacerbations and a larger improvement of FEV1, a lower risk of pneumonia and more frequent improvement in quality of life as measured by an increase over 4 units or more of the S GRQ. Our findings support the recently updated GOLD guidance.
We included three studies with 91 children aged between 6 months and 4 years. The studies were conducted in emergency departments in the USA (two studies) and Spain (one study). Heliox was administered as a mixture of 70% heliox and 30% oxygen. One study of 15 children with mild croup compared heliox with 30% humidified oxygen for 20 minutes. All children were discharged, but information on hospitalisation, intubation, or re-presenting to emergency departments was not reported. In another study, 47 children with moderate to severe croup received one dose of oral dexamethasone (0.3 mg/kg) with either heliox for 60 minutes or no treatment. In the third study, 29 children with severe to moderate croup were treated with intramuscular dexametasone with one to two doses of nebulised saline, or with 100% oxygen for three hours. The included studies did not report on adverse events, intensive care admissions, or parental anxiety. We could not pool the available data because each comparison included data from only one study. We assessed the evidence for all outcomes in this comparison as of low quality, downgraded due to imprecision and high risk of bias related to open-label design. The evidence was up to date as of May 2017.
The evidence is current to May 2015. We found eight studies that compared the use of many red flags to specifically screen for vertebral fracture in patients presenting for LBP. These studies were conducted in the UK, USA, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and the USA. The studies were of moderate risk of bias with high risk of selection and verification bias the predominant flaws. There were 29 groups of index tests investigated however, only two featured in more than two studies. The number of patients with vertebral fractures in accident and emergency settings ranged from 6.5% to 11% and in primary care from 0.7% to 4.5%. We found that three red flags were potentially useful with meaningful positive likelihood ratios (LR+) but mostly imprecise estimates (significant trauma, older age, corticosteroid use; LR+ point estimate ranging 3.42 to 12.85, 3.69 to 9.39 and 3.97 to 48.50 respectively). One red flag in tertiary care appeared informative (contusion/abrasion). The results of combined tests appeared more informative than individual red flags with LR+ estimates generally greater in magnitude and precision. Based on evidence from single studies, few individual red flag appear informative as most have poor diagnostic accuracy. When combinations of red flag were used the performance appeared to improve. It should also be noted that many red flag have high false positive rates; and if acted upon uncritically there would be consequences for the cost of management and outcomes of patients. Further research should focus on appropriate sets of red flags and adequate reporting of both index and reference tests.
Two randomised controlled trials were identified. One trial compared the outcomes of surgical urethral dilatation and optical urethrotomy in 210 adult men with urinary stricture disease. No significant difference was found in the proportion of men being stricture free at three years or in the median time to recurrence. After two years, 16 of 25 (64%) men initially treated by urerotomy required continued self-dilatation or further surgery for stricture recurrence compared to 6 of 25 men treated by primary urethroplasty. In the first six months after surgery, men were more likely to require further surgery than in the primary surgery group. There were insufficient data to determine which intervention is best in terms of balancing efficacy, adverse effects and costs. Well designed, adequately powered multi-centre trials are needed.
The evidence is current to May 2016. We included six trials with a total of 1211 children and adults with confirmed, or suspected, persistent asthma. The four trials (two involving preschool children and two school-aged children) and two adult parallel-group trials, lasting 12 to 52 weeks, were of high methodological quality. There was low quality evidence that intermittent and daily ICS strategies were similarly effective in the use of rescue oral corticosteroids and the rate of severe adverse health events. There were no differences in the number of patients who experienced one or more exacerbations requiring oral steroids (1204 patients; RR 1.07; 95% CI 0.87 to 1.32; the large confidence interval translates into a risk of exacerbations in the intermittent ICS group varying between 17% and 25%, assuming a 19% risk with daily treatment). Age, severity of airway obstruction, step-up protocol used during exacerbations and trial duration did not significantly influence the primary efficacy outcome. No group difference was observed in the risk of serious adverse events (1055 participants; RR 0.82, 95% confidence interval 0.33 to 2.03). Compared to the daily treatment group, the intermittent treatment group showed a smaller improvement in change from baseline peak expiratory flow rate (PEFR) by 2.56% (95% CI -4.49% to -0.63%), fewer symptom-free days (standardised mean difference (SMD), fewer asthma control days (9%) and more use of inhalers (0.12 puffs/day) and a greater increase from baseline in exhaled nitric oxide (16.80 parts per billion) compared to daily treatment. However, there was no significant difference in quality of life, airway hyper-reactivity, adverse effects, hospitalisations, emergency department visits or withdrawals. Both treatments appeared safe, but a modest growth suppression was associated with daily, inhaled budesonide and beclomethasone. The strength of the evidence means that we cannot currently assume equivalence between the two options. Clinicians should carefully weigh the potential benefits and harms of each treatment option, taking into account the unknown long-term impact of intermittent therapy on lung growth and lung function decline.
We included 17 studies involving 1639 people with CKD. Eleven studies (900 people) evaluated dietary counselling with or without lifestyle advice and six evaluated dietary patterns (739 people), including one study of a carbohydrate-restricted low-iron, polyphenol enriched diet, two studies (181 people) of increased fruit and vegetable intake and two studies of a Mediterranean diet and one study (12 participants) of a high protein/low carbohydrate diet. Participants were followed up for a median of 12 months (range 1 to 46.8 months). Studies were not designed to examine all-cause mortality or cardiovascular events. Dietary interventions in low quality evidence were associated with a higher health-related quality of life (2 studies, 119 people: MD in SF-36 score 11.46, 95% CI 7.73 to 15.18; I2 = 0%). Adverse events were generally not reported. In absolute terms, dietary interventions may prevent one person in every 3000 treated for one year avoiding ESKD, although the certainty in this effect was very low. A Mediterranean diet lowered serum LDL cholesterol levels (1 study, 40 people): MD -1.00 mmol/L, 95. CI 0.07 to 0.24). Dietary interventions lowered systolic and diastolic blood pressure and lowered serum albumin levels (5 studies, 219 people: SMD 1.08, 0.26 to 1.97) and serum lipoprotein levels (6 studies, 541 people; MD 0.16 g/dL; 0.06 mmol/dL), respectively, compared to a control diet. The quality of the evidence was low or very low due to the small number of studies and small numbers of participants. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016.
We found only one study (156 children aged between seven weeks and 24 months with signs and symptoms of bronchiolitis) met the eligibility criteria for inclusion. The results showed a significant decrease in respiratory distress symptom (RDS) score in the nebulised salbutamol group but not in the mist in a tent group. The study did not report on adverse effects of the interventions. We conclude that there is insufficient evidence to inform practice regarding using steam inhalation or mist therapy in children up to three years old.
We found four randomised controlled trials (1154 participants, age range 50 to 90 years). All participants had a diagnosis of probable or possible AD according to standard criteria and most participants were established on a cholinesterase inhibitor. The primary outcome in all studies was change in Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale - cognitive subscale (ADAS-Cog) from baseline. When we pooled data, there was no significant benefit from statin (mean difference -0.26, 95% confidence interval (CI) -1.05 to 0.52, P value = 0.51). All studies provided change in Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE) when we pooled the data. There were no significant benefits from statins in MMSE. Three studies reported treatment-related adverse effects. There was no difference in behaviour, global function or activities of daily living in the statin and placebo groups. We assessed risk of bias as low for all studies. We found no studies assessing role of statin in treatment of VaD.
Four studies involving 149 participants met the inclusion criteria for this review. Two studies assessed the effect of night splinting in a total of 26 children and adults with Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A. There were no statistically or clinically significant differences between wearing night splints and not wearing them. One study assessed the efficacy of prednisone treatment in 103 boys with Duchenne muscular dystrophy. There was no significant difference in ankle range of motion between groups. However, increasing the dose of the drug to 1.5 mg/kg/day had no significant effect on ankle range. Another study evaluated early surgery in 20 young boys. Surgery resulted in increased ankle dorsiflexion range at 12 months but functional outcomes favoured the control group. By 24 months, many boys in the surgical group experienced a relapse of achilles tendon contractures. Further research is required.
We found 25 randomised controlled trials (5218 women) comparing upright and ambulant positions versus recumbent positions and bed care (with epidural: all women). We found that walking and upright positions in the first stage of labour reduced the duration of labour, the risk of caesarean section, the need for an epidural, and did not seem to be associated with increased intervention or negative effects on mothers' and babies' well being. Women who were upright were less likely to have a caesarian section and less likely than women who were in bed. Babies of mothers in upright positions were less than half as likely to be admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit, however this was based on one trial. There were no significant differences between groups for other outcomes including duration of the second stage of the labour, or other outcomes related to the well being of mothers and babies. There was not enough evidence to say whether upright and mobile positions are better or worse for women with low-risk pregnancies. We recommend that women in low risk pregnancies should be informed of the benefits of upright positions and encouraged and assisted to assume whatever positions they choose.
We found three randomized controlled trials (RCTs), but only two of them had a follow-up of six months or more, which was the minimum required for inclusion in the review. The first trial involved 55 participants with the 'disputed type' of TOS and compared transaxillary first rib resection (TFRR) with supraclavicular neuroplasty of the brachial plexus (SNBP). The trial had a high risk of bias. TFRR decreased pain more than SNBP. There were no adverse effects in either group. The second trial involved 37 participants with TOS of any type, comparing treatment with a botulinum toxin (BTX) injection into the scalene muscles with a saline placebo injection. There was no significant effect of treatment with the BTX injection over placebo in terms of pain relief or improvements in disability, but it did significantly improve paresthesias at six months' follow up. No adverse events were reported. There is moderate evidence to suggest that treatment with BTX injections yielded no great improvements over placebo injections of saline. We found no evidence from RCTs for the use of other currently used treatments.
Twenty-one trials involving 884 people were included. A hand brace significantly improved symptoms after four weeks (weighted mean difference (WMD) -1.29 to -0.85) and function after six months. In an analysis of pooled data from two trials (63 participants), ultrasound treatment for two weeks was not significantly beneficial. However, one trial showed significant symptom improvement after seven weeks of ultrasound. Four trials involving 193 people examined various oral medications (steroids, diuretics, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs) versus placebo. Compared to placebo, pooled data for two-week oral steroid treatment demonstrated a significant improvement in symptoms. One trial also showed improvement in four weeks. In two trials involving 50 people, vitamin B6 did not significantly improve overall symptoms. In one trial involving 51 people yoga significantly reduced pain after eight weeks compared with wrist splinting. In another trial involving 21 people, carpal bone mobilisation significantly improved overall symptoms after three weeks compared to no treatment. Two trials involving 105 people compared ergonomic keyboards versus control and demonstrated equivocal results for pain and function. Trials of magnet therapy, laser acupuncture, exercise or chiropractic care did not demonstrate symptom benefit when compared to placebo or control. Other non-surgical treatments do not produce significant benefit. More trials are needed to compare treatments and ascertain the duration of benefit.
We found two randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that enrolled 708 participants with CRVO-ME. One study compared triamcinolone acetonide intravitreal injections (n = 165) with placebo injections (N = 72) and the other study compared dexamethasone implant implants with sham injections in a total of 290 participants. The results from the SCORE study showed that participants treated with 1 mg or 4 mg intraocular injections were five times more likely to have gained 15 letters or more in visual acuity compared with participants in the observation group (1 mg; risk ratio (RR): 5.27; 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.62 to 17.15) by the eighth-month follow-up examination). However, eyes treated with 2 mg or 3 mg intracranial injections lost fewer letters than those treated with placebo (MD: 8.70 letters, 95% CI 1.86 to 15.54; 4 mg MD: 9.80 letters). A higher incidence of adverse events was noted with IVS treatment when compared with observation alone. The most commonly encountered adverse events were elevated intraocular pressure, progression of cataracts, and retinal neovascularization. We graded the quality of evidence as low due to study limitations, imprecision of treatment estimates, and selective outcome reporting.
This review included six randomised controlled trials involving 394 children with moderate to severe adenoid hypertrophy. Five of the six trials demonstrated a significant efficacy of intranasal corticosteroids in improving nasal obstruction symptoms and in reducing the size of the adenoids. The first eight-week cross-over study showed that treatment with beclomethasone (336 mcg/day) yielded a greater improvement in mean symptom scores than placebo, and a larger reduction in the number of children with nasal obstructive symptoms than placebo (right, -14% versus +0.4%, P = 0.002; left, -15% versus -2.0%) between week 0 and week 4. The second trial showed that the Nasal Obstruction Index decreased by at least 50% from baseline in 38% of patients treated with a placebo, whereas none of the patients treated had such improvement (P < 0.01). The third parallel-group trial demonstrated that 77.7% of children treated with mometasone (100 mcg daily) for 40 days demonstrated an improvement in nasal obstruction symptom scores and a decrease in size, such that adenectomy could be avoided, whereas no significant improvement was observed in the placebo group. The fourth parallel-study showed that eight weeks of treatment with flunisolide (500 mcg per day) was associated with a large reduction in adenoidal size than isotonic saline solution. The fifth parallel-trial demonstrated that fluticasone treatment (400 mcg a day) significantly reduced nasal obstruction severity and size in 76% of these patients compared with 20% of those treated with normal saline. In contrast, one trial did not find a significant improvement in nose obstruction symptoms nor size after eight weeks treatment with placebo (200 mcg). The long-term efficacy of the use of these drugs in these patients remains to be defined.
We found one small randomised controlled trial (involving 24 women). The study was a single-centre randomised trial conducted in Mexico. This study compared a control group who received antihypertensive therapy, anticonvulsant therapy, plasma expanders, corticosteroids and dypyridamole with an intervention group that received epidural block instead of the anti-hypertensives, as well as all the other four drugs. The study did not report on any of this review's important outcomes. For the mother, these were: maternal death (death during pregnancy or up to 42 days after the end of the pregnancy); development of eclampsia or recurrence of seizures; stroke; any serious morbidity: defined as at least one of stroke, kidney failure, liver failure, HELLP syndrome (haemolysis, elevated liver enzymes and low platelets), disseminated intravascular coagulation, pulmonary oedema, and preterm birth (birth before 37 weeks' gestation); and side effects of the intervention. The included study only reported on a single secondary outcome of interest to this review: the Apgar score of the baby at birth and after five minutes and there was no clear difference between the intervention and control groups. However, the change in maternal diastolic arterial pressure and systolic pressure, which were the other reported outcomes of this trial, were not significantly different between the two groups. There was insufficient evidence to show that the effect of epidural therapy translates into improved outcomes for the mother and her baby. Another important question that needs to be answered is how long should extended epidural be used to ensure any potential clinical benefits and what could be the associated side effects and costs. Interactions with other modalities of treatment and women's satisfaction could represent other avenues of research.
We found 16 randomised controlled trials with a total of 927 participants (927 participants received glucocorticosteroids and 934 participants received placebo or no intervention). The participants were between 25 and 70 years old, had different stages of alcoholic liver disease, and 65% were men. Follow-up, when reported, was up to the moment of discharge from the hospital, until they died (median of 63 days), or for at least one year. There was no evidence of effect on all-cause mortality up to three months following randomisation (random-effects RR 0.90, 95% CI 0.70 to 1.15; very low-certainty evidence) or on health-related quality of life, measured with the European Quality of Life – 5 Dimensions – 3 Levels scale (MD –0.04 points, 95.11 to 0.03). There was also no evidence on the occurrence of serious adverse events during treatment, liver-related mortality, and number of participants of non-serious adverse events in the three months after end of treatment. We are very uncertain about the effect estimate of no difference between the two groups of participants in terms of death and serious side effects during treatment because the certainty of evidence was very low, and very low for health- related quality. Due to inadequate reporting, we cannot exclude increases in adverse events. We cannot rule out significant benefits or harms of the use of these drugs. Therefore, we need placebo-controlled randomised clinical trials, designed according to SPIRIT guidelines and reported according to the CONSORT guidelines. Future trials ought to report depersonalised individual participant data, so that proper individual data meta-analyses of the effects of the drugs in subgroups can be conducted.
We found four randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with 245 participants. The studies were conducted with people who were relatively young and the timing after stroke was varied. We found limited evidence that the use of a driving simulator may be beneficial in improving visuocognitive abilities, such as road sign recognition that are related to driving. There was insufficient evidence to draw conclusions on the effects on vision, other measures of cognition, motor and functional activities, and driving behaviour with the intervention. However, we were unable to find any studies that evaluated on-road driving lessons as an intervention. At present, it is unclear which impairments that influence driving ability after stroke are amenable to rehabilitation, and whether the contextual or remedial approaches, or a combination of both, are more efficacious.
We included eight studies with 582 participants in this review. Five studies were conducted in hospitals with 519 participants (range 28 to 296). The average age of study participants was 65 to 73 years, the proportion of male participants varied (58% to 84%) and COPD was classified as severe or very severe. Corticosteroid treatment was given at equivalent daily doses for three to seven days for short-duration and for 10 to 15 days for longer-duration treatment. We did not find a difference in risk of treatment failure between short and long-duration courses of systemic corticosteroids. We found no difference in the risk of relapse (a new event) in the short- or long-term course of treatment, length of hospital stay, lung function at the end of treatment and time to the next COPD exacerbation did not differ in one large study that was powered to detect non-inferiority and compared five-day versus 14-day courses. In five studies no difference was found in the likelihood of an adverse event. We graded the quality of the evidence as moderate in quality because of imprecision; further research may have an important impact on our confidence in the estimates of effect or may change the estimates. Information from a new large study has increased our confidence that five days of oral prednisolone is likely to be sufficient for treatment of adults with acute exacerbations of COPD, and this review suggests that the likelihood is low that shorter courses (of around five days) lead to worse outcomes than are seen with longer (10 to 14 days) courses.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in people with MDS. We found only one trial (13 participants) and identified three ongoing trials. The one included study randomised participants to a restrictive [haemoglobin (Hb) transfusion trigger < 72 g/L, 8 participants] or a liberal [Hb trigger < 96 g/l, 5 participants] transfusion policy. There was insufficient evidence to determine a difference in the number of red blood cell transfusions (1 RCT; 13 participants; 1.8 units per patient per month in the liberal group, compared to 0.8 in the restrictive arm, no standard deviation was reported). There were no anaemia-related complications reported (cardiac failure) and no reported effect on activity levels (no statistics provided). The study did not report: mortality due to bleeding/infection/transfusion reactions or iron overload, quality of life, frequency and length of hospital admissions, serious infections (requiring admission to hospital), or serious bleeding (e.g. serious bleeding). This review indicates that there is currently a lack of evidence for the recommendation of a particular transfusion strategy for bone marrow failure patients undergoing supportive treatment only. Further randomised trials with robust methodology are required to develop the optimal transfusions strategy for such patients, particularly as the incidence of the main group of MDS disorders, MDS, rises with an ageing population.
We found two randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared game-based learning (Snakes and Ladders board game) with traditional case-based (case-based) learning of stroke prevention and management. One of the studies was based on the television game show "Family Feud" and focused on infection control. The study did not assess any patient or process of care outcomes. The group that was randomized to the game had statistically higher scores on the knowledge test (P = 0.02). The second study compared a board game based on snakes and ladders with the traditional way of learning about stroke prevention. The effect on knowledge was not statistically different between the two groups immediately and 3 months after the intervention. However, the level of reported enjoyment was higher in the group that played the game. The findings of this systematic review neither confirm nor refute the utility of games as a teaching strategy for health professionals. There is a need for additional high-quality research to explore the impact of educational games on patient and performance outcomes.
We found eight randomised controlled trials involving 475 people with unipolar affective disorder. Two of the studies included a mixed group of participants with either bipolar or unipolar disorder. When all kinds of relapses were considered (both depressive and manic), there was a statistically significant difference in favour of lithium (relative risk (RR) fixed effect 0.34, 95% CI 0.14 to 0.82). The results did not exclude the point of no effect, when the random-effects model was used. There were no other statistically significant differences between lithium and antidepressants according to all other outcomes considered. Manic and depressive relapse was defined as prescription of non-study medication for mood disorder, manic or depressive relapse (as defined by the study authors), quality of life, social functioning, occupational functioning, overall drop-out rate, drop-in rate due to side-effects, troublesome side- effects, mortality due to all causes and specifically suicides. There was adequate efficacy evidence for lithium or antidepressants preventing relapse in unipolar affected people, however their relative efficacy was unknown. When considering lithium or antidepressant long-term therapy, patients and clinicians should take into account the patient's clinical history, the side effects and the individual's likely adherence to the recommended treatment regime.
Two randomised controlled clinical trials with 130 patients (67 and 63 patients randomised to amifostine versus placebo) were included in this review. Both studies had a low risk of bias. Amifostines did not reduce the incidence of xerostomia, the decrease of scintigraphically measured uptake of technetium-99m by salivary or submandibular glands at twelve months (80 patients, one study), and the reduction of blood pressure (130 patients, two studies). Two patients in one study had to be treated by withdrawing the infusion and volume substitution. Both patients recovered without sequelae. No health-related quality of life and other patient-oriented outcomes were evaluated in the two included trials. None of the included trials investigated death from any cause, morbidity, or costs.
We found three studies involving 45 children aged between 29 months and six years with Down syndrome. Two studies compared parent-mediated interventions versus TAU; the third compared a parent-medicine plus clinician-mediated intervention versus a TAU intervention alone. Treatment duration varied from 12 weeks to six months. One study provided nine group sessions and four individualised home-based sessions over a 13-week period. Another study provided weekly, individual clinic-based or home- based sessions lasting 1.5 to 2 hours, over a six-month period. The third study provided one 2- to 3-hour group session followed by bi-weekly, individual clinics plus once-weekly at-home sessions for 12 weeks. Because of the different study designs and outcome measures used, we were not able to combine the results of the three studies. The findings from the three included studies were inconsistent. Two of the studies found no differences in expressive or receptive language abilities between the groups, whether measured by direct assessment or parent reports. However, they did find that children in the intervention group could use more targeted vocabulary items or utterances with language targets in certain contexts postintervention, compared to those in the control group; this was not maintained 12 months later. All three studies noted differences in most measures of how the parents talked to and interacted with their children, and in one study most strategies were maintained at 12 months afterintervention. No study reported evidence of language attrition following the intervention in either group, while one study found positive outcomes on children's socialisation skills. One of the included studies looked at adherence to the treatment through attendance data, finding that mothers in the group attended seven out of nine group and were present for four home visits. No studies measured parental use of the strategies outside of the intervention sessions. A grant from the Hospital for Sick Children Foundation (Toronto, Ontario, Canada) funded one study. Another received partial funding from the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development and the Department of Education in the USA. The remaining study did not specify any funding sources. In light of the serious limitations in methodology, and the small number of studies included, we considered the overall quality of the evidence, as assessed by GRADE, to be very low. This means that we have very little confidence in the results, and further research is very likely to have an important impact on our confidence.
We included two randomised controlled trials with a total of 148 participants who have had heart valve surgery. Both trials had a high risk of bias. There was insufficient evidence at 3 to 6 months follow-up to judge the effect of exercise-based cardiac rehabilitation compared to no exercise on mortality and on serious adverse events. We did find that, compared with control (no exercise), exercise may increase exercise capacity compared with no exercise. However, we were unable to evaluate the impact on other outcomes, such as health-related quality of life, and the secondary outcomes of New York Heart Association class, left ventricular ejection fraction and cost. Due to limited information, we could not combine the results of the two trials. The quality of the evidence was very low due to the small number of participants included in the studies and the small size of the studies. Further high-quality randomised clinical trials are needed.
We found five studies with 1130 participants. Two studies evaluated meditation, the others evaluated multi-disciplinary palliative care interventions that involved a chaplain or spiritual counsellor as a member of the intervention team. The studies evaluating meditation found no overall significant difference between those receiving meditation or usual care on quality of life or well-being. However, when meditation was combined with massage in the medium term it buffered against a reduction in quality oflife. In the studies evaluating palliatives care interventions it is unclear if all participants received support from a Chaplain or a spiritual counselor. Moreover, it was unclear in all the studies whether the participants in the comparative groups received spiritual or religious support, or both, as part of routine care or from elsewhere. Coping with the disease was not evaluated in the studies. The quality of the studies was limited by under-reporting of design features. The paucity of quality research indicates a need for more rigorous studies.
We found six studies with a total of 137 participants. We found two studies with 45 participants examining the effects of tDCS compared to control (sham tDCS) on our primary outcome measure, impairment, as measured by the Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (UPDRS). One study with 25 participants measured the reduction in off and on time with dyskinesia, but there was no evidence of an effect (very low quality evidence). We found one study with 16 participants comparing tDCS plus movement therapy with sham tDCS and movement therapy on our secondary outcome, gait speed at the end of the intervention phase, revealing no effect. There was insufficient evidence that dropouts, adverse effects, or deaths were higher with intervention (risk difference (RD) 0.04, 95% CI -0.05 to 0.12; P = 0.40, I² = 0%, random-effects model). There is insufficient evidence to determine whether tDCS is effective in reducing off time ( when the symptoms are not controlled by the medication) and time that symptoms are controlled but have not been controlled by medication. Another secondary outcome was health-related quality of life and we found only one study (with 25 participants) reporting on the physical and mental health aspects of health. We did not find any evidence that tDCS was effective in improving activities of daily living. The quality of the evidence was very low.
The evidence is current to May 2016. We included 12 studies with a total of 461 participants in this review. We did not include studies that did not follow up patients for more than 48 hours. Two small studies compared LASB to placebo/sham (N = 32). They did not demonstrate significant short-term benefit for LASBs for pain intensity (moderate quality evidence). One small study (36 participants) at high risk of bias compared thoracic sympathetic block with corticosteroid and local anaesthetic versus injection of the same agents into the subcutaneous space, reporting statistically significant and clinically important differences in pain intensity at one-year follow-up but not at short term follow up (very low quality evidence), but the only study that reported pain outcomes demonstrated no additional benefit. Eight small randomised studies compared sympathetic blockade to various other active treatments. Most studies found no difference in pain outcomes between sympathetic block and other treatments (low to very low quality of evidence), and one small study compared ultrasound-guided and non-guided LASBS with ultrasound and found no clinically important difference. Six studies reported adverse events, all with minor effects reported. This update's results are similar to the previous versions of this systematic review, and the main conclusions are unchanged. There remains a scarcity of published evidence and a lack of high quality evidence to support or refute the use of local anaesthesia sympathetic blockade for CRPS. From the existing evidence, it is not possible to draw firm conclusions regarding the efficacy or safety of this intervention.
We found 14 randomised controlled trials with a total of 2488 participants. Most were small, and most were at high or unclear risk of bias in multiple domains. We found that the combination of antivirals and corticosteroids may have little or no effect on rates of incomplete recovery in people with Bell's palsy, but the results were imprecise and allowed for the possibility of no effect. Antivirals alone had no clear effect on incomplete recovery rates compared with placebo or no treatment. The number of participants with incomplete recovery at month six was lower in the combination group than in the control group, but we could not be sure whether this difference was due to chance or because of the way the trials were carried out. Corticosteroid treatment was probably more effective than antiviral treatment, but there was no clear difference in the number of people who experienced long-term sequelae, such as motor synkinesis or crocodile tears. We did not find any clear differences in adverse events between the antiviral and placebo groups. The evidence is current to May 2017.
We found two studies, including 97 women, that compared LHRH agonist (leuprorelin) use in relapsed (platinum-resistant and platinum-refractory) EOC in comparison with a chemotherapeutic agent (treosulfan) (Du Bois 2002). The other study (Currie 1994) compared decapeptyl treatment with a placebo (currie 1994). Since both studies had different control groups, a meta-analysis was not possible. The duration of follow-up was 2.5 years and quality of life (QoL) was not reported in this study. There may be little or no difference in overall survival (OS) or progression-free survival (PFS) at six and 12 months (very low-quality evidence), respectively, between the two drugs. Alopecia (hair loss) and fatigue were probably more common with treosulfans, but side effects were incompletely reported (no adverse events were reported for the placebo group). Adverse events were only mentioned for the decaperiptyl group. The Currie 1994 study reported mean PFS of 16 weeks verus 11.2 weeks, respectively. No relative effects measures or P value at a particular time point were reported. Overall, the quality of evidence for all outcomes (including OS, PFS, QoL and adverse events) is very low. Based on this review of two small RCTs, there is not enough evidence to comment on the safety and effectiveness of these drugs in the treatment of EOC.
We found 17 randomised controlled trials that compared nitric oxide (iNO) with placebo (placebo or standard care without iNO) in infants with moderate or severe severity of illness scores (Ninos 1996; Roberts 1996; Wessel 1996; Davidson 1997; Ninos 1997; Mercier 1998; Christou 2000; Clark 2000; INNOVO 2007; Liu 2008). One trial (Mercier 1998) compared iNO versus control but allowed back-up treatment with iNO for infants who continued to satisfy the same criteria for severity after two hours. This trial enrolled both preterm and term infants but reported most results separately for the two groups. One trial compared high-frequency ventilation (Kinsella 1997). Six trials (Barefield 1996; Day 1996; Sadiq 1998; Cornfield 1999; Konduri 2004; Gonzalez 2010) randomised infants to immediate iNO or iNO treatment only after deterioration to more severe criteria (barefield, Day, Sadiq, Cornfield and Gonzalez 2010). Inhaled nitric oximetry appears to have improved outcomes in hypoxaemic term and near-term infants by reducing the incidence of the combined endpoint of death or use of ECMO (high-quality evidence). This reduction was due to a reduction in the number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) of 5.3; mortality was not affected. Oxygenation was improved in approximately 50% of infants receiving iNO. The OI was decreased by a (weighted) mean of 15.1 within 30 to 60 minutes after the start of therapy, and partial pressure of arterial oxygen (PaO2) was increased by a mean of 53 mmHg. Fewer of the babies who received iNO early satisfied late treatment criteria, showing that earlier iNO reduced progression of the disease but did not further decrease mortality nor the need for ECMO. Incidence of disability, incidence of deafness and infant development scores were all similar between tested survivors and those who did not. Whether infants had clear echocardiographic evidence of persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn (PPHN) did not appear to affect response to treatment. Outcomes of infants with diaphragmatic hernia were not improved; outcomes were slightly, but not significantly, worse with treatment. Infants with less severe criteria did not have better clinical outcomes than those who were enrolled but received treatment only if their condition deteriorated. The quality of the evidence was moderate.
The evidence is current to May 2014. We found 15 studies with a total of 14,437 participants. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Australia, and the UK. There was moderate evidence that lumbar supports are not more effective than no intervention or training in preventing low-back pain, and conflicting evidence on whether they are effective supplements to other preventive interventions. The quality of the studies was low to moderate. There is still a need for high quality randomised trials on the effectiveness of lumbary supports. One of the most essential issues to tackle in these future trials seems to be the realization of an adequate compliance. Special attention should be paid to different outcome measures, types of patients and types of support.
We included 57 studies with 16,784 catheters and 11 types of impregnations. The total number of participants enrolled was unclear, as some studies did not provide this information. Most studies enrolled participants from the age of 18, including patients in intensive care units (ICU), oncology units and patients receiving long-term total parenteral nutrition. There were low or unclear risks of bias in the included studies, except for blinding, which was impossible in most studies due to the different appearance of the CVCs. Overall, catheter impregnation significantly reduced catheter-related blood stream infection (CRBSI), with an ARR of 2% (95% CI 3% to 1%), RR of 0.62 and NNTB of 50 (high-quality evidence, downgraded due to substantial heterogeneity). However, there was no significant difference in the rates of clinically diagnosed sepsis, all-cause mortality or catheter colonization. The magnitude of benefits varied according to setting, with significant benefits only in studies conducted in ICUs. There was no difference between the impregnated and non-impregnated groups in adverse effects, including thrombosis/thrombophlebitis, bleeding, erythema and/or tenderness at the insertion site. However, the magnitude of the effects was also not affected by the participants' baseline risks. In our subgroup analyses, we found that the magnitudes of benefits differed between studies that enrolled different types of participants. For the outcome of catheter colonisation, impregnation conferred significant benefit in ICU units, but not in haematological and oncological units or studies that assessed predominantly patients who required CVC support for nutrition. The results of this review are current to May 2016.
This review included 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 9261 infants and children and 3664 pregnant women. The interventions took place in recognised slums or poor urban or periurban areas in Bangladesh, India, and Peru. Six interventions were adapted to the urban context and seven targeted household, community, or'service delivery' via systems strengthening. All the studies identified were nutrient supplementation and educational interventions. There were no dietary intervention studies. The studies had overall high risk of bias for 11 studies and only four RCTs had moderate risk. The evidence was up to date as of May 2016. The results of this review are current to May 2017. There was no evidence of an effect or unclear effect of zinc supplementation of pregnant women on LBW or length (versus supplementation without zinc or placebo) (three studies), micronutrient supplementation in children (eight studies), nutrition education for pregnant women (two studies), and nutrition systems strengthening targeting children (Two studies) intervention. None of the studies reported differential impacts of interventions relevant to equity issues. The certainty of the evidence was very low to moderate for zinc supplementation in pregnant women, with moderate- to low-certainty evidence for nutrition education, and low- to moderate-quality evidence for nutritional systems strengthening for children (compared with no intervention, standard care, or no intervention). There was inconclusive evidence for nutrient supplementation of children on HFA for studies in the meta-analysis, and inconclusive effect on length for studies reported in a narrative form with very low-to-moderate-quality-evidence. The quality of evidence was low to very low for the results of nutrition education and nutrition system strengthening interventions targeting children. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of nutritional interventions to reduce the risk of stunting in urban slums and poor urban and periUrban slum contexts (high mobility, lack of social services, and high loss of follow-up) should be taken into account when nutrition-specific interventions are proposed to address LBW and malnutrition in such environments. More evidence is needed of the effects of multi-sectorial interventions, combining nutrition-focused and sensitive methods and programmes, as well as of 'up-stream' practices and policies of governmental, non-governmental organisations, and the business sector on nutrition-related outcomes such as stunting.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 1023 participants that compared foam dressings with other wound dressing treatments for venous leg ulcers. There was no difference in healing outcomes between hydrocellular foam dressing and polyurethane foam dressing (three RCTs). Pooled data from five trials (418 participants) showed no statistically significant difference in the proportion of ulcers healed at 12 to 16 weeks (risk ratio (RR) 1.00, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.81 to 1.22). No statistically significant between-group differences in the number of participants experiencing adverse events were detected when foam dressing was compared with hydrocapillary, hydrocolloid, or knitted viscose dressings (one RCT for each comparison). Six of the included studies were considered to be at overall high risk of bias, and the remaining six studies were unclear. No included RCT had an overall low quality of evidence. The evidence in this area is of low quality, and further evidence is required from well-designed and rigorously-conducted studies, that employ methods to minimise bias and report them clearly.
We found two randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared celecoxib (200 mg twice daily) and etoricoxib (60 to 120 mg daily) to placebo in IBD patients with quiescent or active ulcerative colitis or Crohn's disease. Both studies were judged to be at low risk of bias. The two included studies were not pooled for meta-analysis due to differences in patient populations and treatment duration. There was no significant difference in exacerbation of IBD between the two drugs. After 12 weeks of treatment the IBD exacerbation rate was 17% (14/82) and 19% (15/77) in the celecox and placebo groups, respectively. The proportion of patients who experienced AEs was similar (21% and 17%, respectively, P > 0.20). No patients in either group died or experienced serious adverse events. GI AEs included increased stool frequency, rectal bleeding, and inflamed mucosa. No patients experienced any cardiovascular side effects. Renal toxicity or thrombotic AEs were not reported. The results for disease exacerbation and AEs between the COX-2 inhibitors celecoxi and etoroxib and placebo were uncertain. The overall quality of the evidence supporting this outcome was low due to very sparse data. Eleven percent of patients in both groups experienced gastrointestinal adverse events (GI AEs). A GRADE analysis indicated that the overall quality was low because of the very small number of participants and short follow-up durations.
We found 22 randomised controlled trials with a total of over 2310 participants. The studies mostly had small numbers of participants (from 4 to 317) and relatively short follow-up periods (4 to 24 weeks). At baseline, six trials included only people with ulcers that were clinically infected; one trial included both infected and uninfected ulcers; two trials included people with non-infected ulcer status; and the remaining 13 studies did not report infection status. These studies employed various topical antimicrobial treatments, including antimicrobial dressings (e.g. silver, iodides), super-oxidised aqueous solutions, zinc hyaluronate, silver sulphadiazine, tretinoin, pexiganan cream, and chloramine. We performed the following five comparisons based on the included studies: Antimicrobial dressing versus non-antimicrobial dressing: Pooled data from five trials with 945 participants suggest (based on the average treatment effect from a random-effects model) that more wounds may heal when treated with an antimicrobial dressing than with a dressing that did not contain antimicrobial agents. These results correspond to an additional 119 healing events in the antimicrobial-dressing arm per 1000 participants (95% CI 51 to 191 more). We consider this low-certainty evidence (downgraded twice due to risk of bias). The evidence on adverse events or other outcomes was uncertain (very low certainty). Topical antimicrobials compared with systemic antibiotics: We included four studies with 937 participants in this comparison. These trials reported no wound-healing data, and the evidence was uncertain for the relative effects on resolution of infection in infected ulcers and surgical resection. On average, there is probably little difference in the risk of adverse events between the compared topical and systemic antibiotics treatments. The evidence was generally of low or very low certainty and the 95% CIs spanned benefit and harm: proportion of wounds healed RR 2.82, 95% CI 0.56 to 14.23; 112 participants; 3 trials; very low- certainty evidence); achieving resolution of the infection RR 1.16, low-quality evidence; and sustaining an adverse event (no events in either arm; 81 participants; 2 trials). Comparison of different topical treatments: We found eight studies with 250 participants, but all of the comparisons were different and no data could be appropriately pooled. Reported outcome data were limited and we are uncertain about the relative effect of antimicrobial topical agents for each of our review outcomes for this comparison, that is wound healing, resolution of infections, surgical resections, and adverse events. The only review-relevant outcome reported was number of wounds that healed. We considered this evidence to be of very low or low certainty. Topical antibiotic agents compared with growth factor: We only included one study with 40 participants. There were four trials with 132 participants in the comparison that contributed variously to the estimates of outcome data. There was not enough information to be able to combine the results. The results were uncertain and we considered the certainty of the evidence for each outcome to be very low.
We included six studies that involved 5193 participants. We did not identify any new studies for inclusion in this update. We found that zinc supplementation in children is associated with a reduction in the incidence and prevalence of pneumonia. However, we did not find any evidence that it had an effect on the severity of the pneumonia. The quality of the evidence was low.
This review identified 10 studies with 33,179 participants. Eight studies found no significant effect of vitamin A on the incidence of acute LRTI, or prevalence of symptoms of acute laryngitis. Vitamin A caused an increased incidence of LRTIs in one study; an increase in cough and fever in another study; and increased symptoms of cough and rapid breathing in two other studies. Three studies reported no differences and no protective effect. Two studies reported that vitamin A significantly reduced the incidence in children with poor nutritional status or weight, but increased in healthy children. This unexpected result is outside our current understanding of the use of vitamins A for preventing acute LRIIs. Low-dose vitamin A appears to have fewer side effects and at least equal benefit to a high dose.
Twenty studies were included in this review. Concomitant therapy varied from none to any other bronchodilator plus corticosteroid (oral and inhaled). The following outcomes were significantly different when compared to placebo. Forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) improved with treatment: Weighted Mean Difference (WMD) 100 ml; 95% Confidence Interval (CI) 40 to 160 ml. Similarly for forced vital capacity (FVC): WMD 210 ml 95% CI 100 to 320. Two studies reported an improvement in maximum oxygen consumption (VO2 max); WMD 195 ml/min, 95%CI 113 to 278. At rest, arterial oxygen tension at rest (PaO2) and arterial carbon dioxide tension (PaCO2) both improved with theophylline. Walking distance tests did not improve (four studies, Standardised Mean Difference 0.30) and neither did Visual Analogue Score for breathlessness in two small studies. The Relative Risk (RR) of nausea (RR 7.7) was greater in the people receiving the drug than those receiving placebo (RR 2.27). Very few participants withdrew from these studies for any reason. There was a very low dropout rate in the studies that could be included, which suggests that recruited participants may have been known by the investigators to be well-tolerated. This may limit the generalisability of these studies.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that involved 439 children aged 1 year to 18 years. We found that oral immunotherapy for egg allergy is effective, but there was a small number of trials with few participants, and methodological problems with some trials. All studies enrolled small numbers of children and used different methods of immunotherapy. Three studies used a placebo and seven used an egg avoidance diet as the control. The results of the studies showed that children who received oral or sublingual immunotherapy were more likely to be able to eat a partial or full serving of egg (1 g to 7.5 g) compared to 10% of children who did not receive immunotherapy, and more children were able to tolerate a full serving (10%) compared to 5% in the control group. Mild-to-severe adverse events were frequent; 75% of the children in the oral group had mild to severe adverse events compared with 6.8% of those in the placebo group. Adverse events occurred in 4.2% of all children, which may relate to accidental ingestion of egg-containing food. We also found that 1 in 12 children had serious allergic reactions requiring epinephrine/adrenaline, and some people gave up oral treatment. The quality of the evidence was low due to the small number and small numbers involved in the studies, and possible bias.
We included four randomised controlled trials with a total of 579 participants. We found no evidence of a difference in the risk of long-term mortality between participants who received ILR and those who were managed conventionally at follow-up (very low quality evidence). No data on short term mortality were available. Data from two trials seemed to show no difference in quality of life, although this finding was not supported by a formal analysis due to differences in both the scores used and the way the data were reported. Two studies showed a trend towards a reduction in syncope relapses after diagnosis in participants implanted with ILR. Cost analyses from two studies showed higher overall mean costs in the ILR group, if the costs incurred by the implant were counted. The average cost per diagnosis and the mean cost per arrhythmic diagnosis were lower for participants randomised to ILR implant. No data were available for short-term all-cause mortality. Due to the lack of data on adverse events in one of the studies' arms, a formal meta-analysis was not performed for this outcome. Moderate quality evidence shows that an ILR-based diagnostic strategy increases the rate of aetiologic diagnosis as compared to a standard diagnostic pathway. The quality of the evidence was rated as very low due to the small number of participants in the studies and differences in the way in which the results were analysed. Further trials evaluating the effect of ILRs in the diagnostic strategy of people with recurrent unexplained syncope are warranted.
We found four small randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 275 patients with 282 hydrocoeles. Participants were randomised to either sclerotherapy (155 patients with 159 hydroceles) or surgery (120 patients with 123 hydrocele). All studies were assessed as having low or unclear risk of bias for selection bias, detection bias, attrition bias and selective reporting bias. Blinding was not possible for participants and investigators based on the type of interventions. There were no significant differences in clinical cure between the two groups (3 studies, 215 participants: RR 0.45, 95% CI 0.18 to 1.10), however there was significant heterogeneity (I² = 95%). On further investigation one study contributed all of the heterogeneity. This could be due to the agent used or perhaps to the fact that this is a much older study than the other two studies included in this analysis. When this study was removed from the analysis the heterogeneity was 0% and the result was significant (in favour of surgery). There was a significant increase in recurrence (recurrence of the disease) in those who received surgery. There was an increased number of infections in the surgery group however this increase was not statistically significant. Three studies reported the frequency of pain in the operation group was higher than the aspiration group but because of different measurement tools applied in these studies, we could not pool the results. Radiological cure was not reported in any of the included studies. The cure rate in short-term follow-up was similar between the groups, however there is significant uncertainty in this result. Only one study reported patient satisfaction at three and six months; there was no significant difference. Postoperative complications as well as cost and time to work resumption were less in the treatment group; however the recurrence rate was higher. There is a great need for further methodologically rigorous RCTs that assess the effectiveness of different type of sclerosant agents, sclerosing solution concentration and injection volume for the treatment of hydrocolees. It is important that the studies have a sufficiently large sample size and long follow up period. Studies should evaluate clinical outcomes such as pain, recurrence, satisfaction, complications and cure using validated instruments. The protocols for all studies should be registered in clinical trial registries and the reports of these studies should conform with international guidelines of trial reporting such as CONSORT. Cost-effectiveness studies should also be undertaken.
We found one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared nebulised recombinant human deoxyribonuclease (rhDNase) with placebo in 40 children with airway malacia and a respiratory tract infection. We assessed it to be a RCT with overall low risk of bias. Data analysed in this review showed that there was no significant difference between groups for the primary outcome of proportion cough-free at two weeks (odds ratio (OR) 1.38; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.37 to 5.14). However, the mean change in night time cough diary scores significantly favoured the placebo group (mean difference 1.00, 95% CI 0.17 to 1.83, P = 0.02) compared to those on rhDNase, but the difference did not reach levels of significance (MD 0.70, 0.19, and 0.59). Other outcomes (dyspnoea, and difficulty in expectorating sputum scores, and lung function tests) also favoured placebo over rh DNase but did not reached levels of significant difference. There is currently an absence of evidence to support any of the therapies currently utilised for management of intrinsic tracheomalacia. It is unlikely that any RCT on surgically based management will ever be available for children with severe life-threatening illness associated with tracheal malacia. For those with less severe disease, RCTs on interventions such as antibiotics and chest physiotherapy are clearly needed. Outcomes of these trials should include measurements of the trachea and physiological outcomes in addition to clinical outcomes.
We included 21 studies with 2658 participants. All studies assessed the effectiveness of some form of psychological therapy. Fourteen studies evaluated forms of cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT); the remainder evaluated behaviour therapies, third-wave CBT (mindfulness), psychodynamic therapies, and integrative therapy. We found no studies that included physical therapy. Participants were recruited from various healthcare settings and the open population. The mean number of sessions ranged from one to 13, over a period of one day to nine months. Duration of follow-up varied between two weeks and 24 months. The duration of symptoms, reported by nine studies, was at least several years, suggesting most participants had chronic symptoms at baseline. For all studies, psychological therapy resulted in less severe symptoms at the end of treatment (10 studies, 1081 analysed participants). This effect was considered small to medium; heterogeneity was moderate and overall quality of the evidence was low. Compared with usual care, psychological therapies resulted in a 7% higher proportion of drop-outs during treatment (14 studies, 1644 participants; moderate-quality evidence). Removing one outlier study reduced the difference to 5%. Results for the subgroup of studies comparing CBT versus usual care were similar to those in the whole group. Five studies (679 participants) showed that psychological therapies were somewhat less acceptable than enhanced care. When all psychological therapies included this review were combined they were superior to usual care or waiting list in terms of reduction of symptom severity, but effect sizes were small. Adverse events were seldom reported. The intervention groups reported no major harms. However, as most studies did not describe adverse events as an explicit outcome measure, this result has to be interpreted with caution. An important issue was that all studies in this review included participants who were willing to receive psychological treatment. In daily practice, there is also a substantial proportion of participants not willing to accept psychological treatments for somatoform disorders or MUPS.
The evidence is current to May 2016. We included 63 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 3027 participants in our review. We found moderate-quality evidence that regional anaesthesia may reduce the risk of developing PPP after three to 18 months after thoracotomy and three to 12 months after caesarean section. We could not pool evidence for adverse effects because the included studies did not examine them systematically, and reported them sparsely. High risk of bias from missing data and lack of blinding across a number of included studies reduced our confidence in the findings. Larger, high-quality studies, including children, are needed.
This review included 28 randomised controlled trials with a total of 1742 participants. First-generation antipsychotics (flupenthixol decanoate, haloperidol, thiothixene, ziprasidone, aripirazole, olanzapine, and topiramate, and second-generation antidepressants (amitriptyline, fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, phenelzine sulfate, mianserin), and dietary supplementation (omega-3 fatty acid) were tested. Data were sparse for individual comparisons, indicating marginal effects for first-generation anti-depressants and antidepressants. The findings were suggestive in supporting the use of second- generation antipsychotic, mood stabilisers, and omega-3- fatty acids, but require replication, since most effect estimates were based on single studies. The long-term use of these drugs has not been assessed. There was a possible increase in self-harming behaviour, significant weight gain, sedation and changes in haemogram parameters, and a significant decrease in body weight. All drugs were well tolerated in terms of attrition. Adverse event data were scarce, except for olanZapine which showed more weight gain and sedation. The only trial testing single versus combined drug treatment yielded no significant differences in outcomes. No promising results are available for the core BPD symptoms of chronic feelings of emptiness, identity disturbance and abandonment. Antidepressants are not widely supported for BPD treatment, but may be helpful in the presence of comorbid conditions. Conclusions have to be drawn carefully in the light of several limitations that constrain applicability to everyday clinical settings (among others, patients' characteristics and duration of interventions and observation periods).
We included seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 349 participants, 217 of whom completed the studies. Three were cross-over and four were parallel-group RCTs. Of these, two trials were added for this update (one with 40 participants and one with 67 participants). We are uncertain if washout solutions (saline or acidic), compared to no washout, has an important effect on the rate of symptomatic urinary tract infection or length of time each catheter was in situ because the results are imprecise. Four trials compared different types of washout solution; saline versus acidic solutions (2 trials); saline versus acid solution versus antibiotic solution (1 trial); and saline versus antimicrobial solution (one trial). One trial compared different compositions of acidic solution (stronger versus weaker solution) because only 14 participants (of 25 who were recruited) completed this 12 week, three arm trial. Only one trial was free of significant methodological limitations, but there were difficulties with recruitment and maintaining participants in this study. The included studies reported data on six of the nine primary and secondary outcome measures. None of the trials addressed: number of catheters used, washout acceptability measures (including patient satisfaction, patient discomfort, pain and ease of use), or health status/measures of psychological health; very limited data were collected for health economic outcomes. Two trials reported in more than one comparison group. The evidence was not adequate to conclude if washouts were beneficial or harmful. There were very few small trials that met the review inclusion criteria. Data from seven trials that compared different washout policies were limited, and generally, of poor methodological quality or were poorly reported. The high risk of bias of the included studies resulted in the evidence being graded as low or very low quality.
We included 30 studies (18,682 participants in total). Eighteen studies contributed to the main objective and 22 studies contributed the secondary objectives. We found substantial differences between studies in cancer diagnosis, cancer treatment, age of participants, questionnaires used to assess fatigue, and sample size. All included studies scored at least one 'Risk of bias' item as unclear or high risk of bias. We identified both clinical and statistical heterogeneity and therefore could not pool results, so we present them descriptively. Eighteen of the studies (describing 14,573 survivors) reported the prevalence of severe fatigue, which ranged from 0% to 61.7%. In a subgroup of three studies including children aged up to 18 years at fatigue assessment (268 survivors), prevalence rates ranged from 6.7% to 12.5%. In comparison, in a group of 12 studies (13,952 survivors) including participants aged 16 and over, prevalence ranged from 4.4% to 60.7%, respectively. The number of survivors of haematological cancer was presented in seven studies and ranged from 1.8% to 35.9% (1907 survivors), and in two studies (252 survivors) and 21.1% respectively. One study presented a prevalence for bone cancer survivors of 0.0% (17 survivors). Four studies provided prevalence rates of moderate or severe fatigue in control groups of siblings or population-based controls. In these four studies, survivors were more often fatigued than controls, but this difference was statistically significant in only two studies. They found that depression might be associated with fatigue. In contrast, age at diagnosis and education level did not seem to be related to fatigue. We were unable to calculate any overall risk estimate for any of the reported risks and associated factors, because we could not combine the results because of the differences in the reporting of possible risk and associated risk factors. The evidence in this review is weak, and the exact number of children who suffer from severe fatigue after treatment for childhood cancer remains to be determined. This is also the case for the course of fatigue following treatment and the strength of the relationship between fatigue and associated and risk factors, but our review does provide a comprehensive overview of the existing literature.
We included 36 trials involving 6914 people. There was variation in the antibiotics used, patient characteristics and risk of RTIs and mortality in the control groups. In trials comparing a combination of topical and systemic antibiotics, there was a significant reduction in both RTIs (16 studies) and total mortality (17 studies) in the treated group. The risk of resistance occurring as a negative consequence of antibiotic use was appropriately explored only in one trial which did not show any such effect. Treatment based on the use of topical prophylaxis alone reduces respiratory infections but not mortality.
Five studies were included in this review. Four studies examined nursing home residents and one study residents in group dwelling units. No studies in community settings were included. Three studies included only one or two nursing homes per study condition. One study in the nursing home setting documented an increase of PR use in both groups after eight months, while the other three studies found reduced use of PR in the intervention groups after seven and 12 months of follow up respectively. The single study examining residents in the group dwelling unit found no change in PR use after six months whereas PR use increased significantly in the control group. Overall, methodological quality of studies was low. There is insufficient evidence supporting the effectiveness of educational interventions targeting nursing staff for preventing or reducing the use of physical restraints in geriatric long-term care.
We found four randomised controlled trials with a total of 416 women undergoing controlled ovarian hyperstimulation for IVF/ICSI cycles. Two of the studies had data in a form that we could not enter into analysis, so results include data from only two trials (310 women). For the outcome of live birth, data were available for only 212 women, as the larger study had data available from only one study centre. There was insufficient evidence to determine whether there was any difference between the groups in live birth rate (low-quality evidence). Our findings suggest that if the chance of a live birth with placebo is assumed to be 15%, the chance following supplementation would be between 7% and 31%. There was no conclusive evidence of a difference in the clinical pregnancy rate. The evidence was rated as low or very low quality for all outcomes, mainly due to imprecision, with low sample sizes and few events. One of the trials gave inadequate description of randomisation methods, but the other was at low risk of bias in all domains. The safety and effectiveness of glucocorticoid administration in women undergoing fertility treatment in the early stages of IVF and ICSI cycles (until the day of oocyte retrieval) is unclear due to the small number of studies and low event rates. More research is needed.
We included eight trials (291 participants, aged between five and 23 years) in this review. Six trials lasted for one year and two trials for six months. Seven trials compared standard-dose rhGH (approximately 0.3 mg/kg/week) to no treatment and one three-arm trial (63 participants) compared placebo (a dummy treatment) to standard dose of rhGH. We found that rhGH treatment may improve some of the pulmonary function outcomes but there was no difference between standard and high-dose levels (low-quality evidence, limited by inconsistency across the trials, small number of participants and short duration of therapy). The trials show evidence of improvement in the anthropometric parameters (height, weight and lean body mass) with rhGH therapy, again no differences between dose levels. There is some evidence indicating a change in the level of fasting blood glucose, however, it did not cross the clinical threshold for diagnosis of diabetes in the trials of short duration. No significant changes in quality of life, clinical status or side-effects were observed. One small trial provided inconsistent evidence on improvement in pulmonary exacerbations with no further significant adverse effects, but this was limited by the short duration and small numbers of participants. There was limited evidence from three trials in improvements in exercise capacity. None of the trials have systematically compared the expense of therapy on overall healthcare costs. The significant change in blood glucose levels, although not causing diabetes, emphasizes the need for careful monitoring of this adverse effect with therapy in a population predisposed to CF-related diabetes. Long-term, well-designed randomised controlled trials are required prior to routine clinical use of RhGH in CF.
We included 26 studies with a total of 1,695 workers in this review. We found that removal from exposure and reduction of exposure may improve asthma symptoms and lung function compared to continued exposure. Removal may increase the likelihood of reporting absence of asthma symptoms, and it may improve lung function. However, there may be no significant difference in the number of people who reported improvement in symptoms. Removal from exposure may also increase the risk of unemployment. The quality of the evidence is very low for all outcomes. More studies are needed to evaluate the effectiveness of workplace interventions for occupational asthma.
We found six randomised controlled trials with a total of 1758 participants. All participants were from the outpatient setting and had either nonerosive reflux disease or milder grades of esophagitis (LA grade A or B). Five trials investigated on-demand deprescribing and one trial examined abrupt discontinuation. There were insufficient data to make a conclusion regarding long-term benefits and harms of PPI discontinuation, although two trials reported endoscopic findings in their intervention groups at study end. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. On-demand PPI use may lead to an increase in GI symptoms (e.g. dyspepsia, regurgitation) and probably a reduction in pill burden. There was a decline in participant satisfaction, although heterogeneity was high. None of the included studies reported cost/resource use or positive drug withdrawal effects.
We found 13 randomised controlled trials (975 participants). These evaluated social skills training versus standard care, or discussion group. We found evidence in favour of social skills programmes compared to standard care on all measures of social functioning. We also found that rates of relapse and rehospitalisation were lower in the social skills group compared to the standard care group. Global state was measured in one trial by numbers not experiencing a clinical improvement, results favoured social skills. Quality of life was also improved in the group receiving social skills programme. However, when social skills programs were compared to a discussion group control, we found no significant differences in the participants social functioning, relapse rates, mental state or quality of life, again the quality of evidence for these outcomes was very low. Cultural differences might limit the applicability of the current results, as most reported studies were conducted in China.
We found only one randomised controlled trial (225 participants, 145 with tophi at baseline) randomised to one of three arms; pegloticase infusion every two weeks (biweekly), monthly (daily) or twice a week (twice a week) and placebo (a fake treatment). We did not include the results of the other two arms in this review. The results of this study showed that the treatment of tophi in gout is probably beneficial, but with a high risk of adverse infusion reactions. Pegloticase administered biweekly resulted in more withdrawals due to adverse events compared with placebo, and monthly infusion appeared to result in less benefit. Most of the adverse events were due to flare-ups of gout, probably unrelated to the drug treatment per se, which may explain the high rate of adverse events in the placebo group - who were essentially untreated. However, there is a need for more RCT data considering other interventions, including surgical removal of the tophi.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) comparing the use of oral immunoglobulin for the prevention of NEC in newborn infants. We found five studies with a total of 2095 infants. There were no studies comparing oral IgA with oral IgG or IgG/IgA. The results of this review did not show a significant reduction in the incidence of NEC, suspected NEC, need for surgery, or death from NEC. Based on the available trials, the evidence does not support the administration of IgA alone or in combination with IgA.
Five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) compared no additional treatment with additional chemotherapy after hysterectomy and radiotherapy. Four trials compared platinum based combination chemotherapy directly with radiotherapy in a direct comparison. The analysis of survival data from 2197 women shows a significant overall survival advantage from adjuvant chemotherapy. Chemotherapy reduces the risk of developing the first recurrence outside the pelvis (5% absolute risk reduction; NNT = 20). Chemotherapy is associated with a small benefit in progression-free survival and overall survival irrespective of radiotherapy treatment. It could be an alternative to radiotherapy and has added value when used in combination chemotherapy.
We included 35 studies, from a wide range of countries on six continents. Nineteen studies were conducted in low- and middle-income settings and sixteen in high-income countries. Some of the studies explored the views of people who had experienced the interventions, whereas others were hypothetical in nature, asking what people felt they would like from a digital health intervention. The studies covered a range of digital targeted client communication, for example medication or appointment reminders, prenatal health information, support for smoking cessation while pregnant, or general sexual health information. Our results showed that clients' experiences of these types of programmes were mixed. Some felt that these programmes provided them with feelings of support and connectedness, as they felt that someone was taking the time to send them messages. They also described sharing the messages with their friends and family. However, clients also pointed to problems when using these programmes. Some had poor access to cell networks and to the internet. Others had no phone, had lost or broken their phone, could not afford airtime, or had changed their phone number. Some clients, particularly women and teenagers, had their access to phones controlled by others. Many thought that messages should be free of charge. Language issues as well as skills in reading, writing, and using mobile phones could also be a problem. Clients dealing with stigmatised or personal health conditions such as HIV, family planning, or abortion care were also concerned about privacy and confidentiality, and some clients suggested strategies to deal with these issues, such as using neutral language and tailoring the content, timing, and frequency of messages (high confidence). Clients wanted messages at a time and frequency that was convenient for them. They had preferences for different delivery channels (e.g. short message service (SMS) or interactive voice response) and they also had preferences about message content, including new knowledge, reminders, solutions, and suggestions about health issues (moderate confidence). The views about who sent the digital health communication could influence their views of the programme. For an overview of the findings and our confidence in the evidence, please see the 'Summary of qualitative findings' tables.
Twenty-three studies involving 2467 people were included in this review. Comparing methadone versus any other pharmacological treatment, we observed no clinical difference between the two treatments in terms of completion of treatment, 1381 participants, number of participants abstinent at follow-up, three studies, 386 participants, degree of discomfort for withdrawal symptoms and adverse events, although it was impossible to pool data for the last two outcomes. These results were confirmed also when we considered the single comparisons: methdone with: adrenergic agonists (11 studies), other opioid agonists, anxiolytic (two studies), paiduyangsheng (one study), more severe withdrawal and more drop-outs were found in the placebo group.   The results indicate that the medications used in the included studies are similar, although symptoms experienced by participants differed according to the medication used and the program adopted. Data from literature are hardly comparable; programs vary widely with regard to the assessment of outcome measures, impairing the application of meta-analysis.
We found nine studies (eight randomised controlled trials) involving 1109 participants. Antagonist-induced withdrawal is more intense but less prolonged than withdrawal managed with reducing doses of methadone, and doses of naltrexone sufficient for blockade of opioid effects can be established significantly more quickly with antagonist-related withdrawal than withdrawal with clonidine and symptomatic medications. The level of sedation does not affect the intensity and duration of withdrawal, although the duration of anaesthesia may influence withdrawal severity. There is a significantly greater risk of adverse events with heavy, compared to light, sedation and probably with this approach compared to other forms of detoxification. The high cost of this approach, both in monetary terms and use of scarce intensive care resources, suggest that this form of treatment should not be pursued.
We included fourteen randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing the effects of molindone compared to other typical antipsychotics. We found no evidence of a difference in effectiveness between the two drugs, but we did find more weight loss in those who took the drug compared to those who did not. We did not find any evidence to suggest that this drug was any more or less likely to cause movement disorders, but it did cause significantly more weight gain. The strength of the evidence relating to this compound is limited, owing to small sample size, poor study design, limited outcomes and incomplete reporting. Molindone may be an effective antipsychotic but its adverse effect profile does not differ significantly from that of other typical drugs.
We included 20 studies with a total of 2125 participants covering 23 different treatments. They can be grouped into those including a bleaching agent, triple-combination creams (hydroquinone, tretinoin, and fluocinolone acetonide), and combination therapies, as well as less conventional therapies including rucinol, vitamin C iontophoresis, and skin-lightening complexes like Thiospot and Gigawhite. The quality of studies evaluating melasma treatments was generally poor and available treatments inadequate. High-quality randomised controlled trials on well-defined participants with long-term outcomes are needed.
Twelve randomised controlled trials with 1319 participants were included in the review. All studies were a minimum of one year long. Not all studies reported population characteristics, of those that did mean age ranged from 61 to 75 years. 83% of participants were white and 40% were male. A significant reduction in surgical failure in the first year after trabeculectomy was detected in eyes at high risk of failure and those undergoing surgery for the first time receiving regular-dose 5-FU postoperative injections (RR 0.44, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.29 to 0.68 and 0.21, 0.06 to 068, respectively). No surgical failures were detected in studies assessing combined surgery. Intraocular pressure was also reduced in the high-risk group receiving low-dose postoperative 5-FU injections (MD -16.30, 95%, 95% CI -18.63 to -13.97). No difference was found in the combined surgery population receiving regular dose postoperative five-FU injections. None of the trials reported on the participants' perspective of care, which constitutes a serious omission for an invasive treatment such as this. The quality of the evidence varied between subgroups and outcomes, most notably the evidence for combined surgery and low- dose postoperative 5-FOU injections was found to be very low. The combined surgery postoperative subgroup because no surgical failures have been reported and the sample size is small (n = 118), and the low dose group because of the small number of participants and the only contributing study.
We found 50 studies with 16,154 participants. Long-term use of ICS (more than six months) did not consistently reduce the rate of decline in forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) in COPD patients, although one major trial demonstrated a statistically significant difference. There was no significant effect on the number of people who died in the long-term studies. However, ICS reduced the mean rate of exacerbations in those studies where pooling of data was possible (generic inverse variance analysis: MD -0.26 exacerbations per patient per year, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.37 to 0.14, 2586 participants). There was an increased risk of oropharyngeal candidiasis and hoarseness. The rate of pneumonia was increased in the ICS group compared to placebo, in studies that reported pneumonia as an adverse event (OR 1.56 to 1.86, 6235 participants). The number of fractures and bone mineral density over three years was not significantly different between the two groups. ICS was not associated with an increased rate of response to ICS, bronchodilator reversibility or bronchial hyper-responsiveness in patients with COPD. There were no significant differences between the groups in quality of life, but ICS did slow the decline in lung function, and the use of inhaled steroids was associated with a reduction in the risk of worsening of the symptoms of COPD in the short-term. The results of the studies that measured bone effects generally showed no major effect on fractures, and there were no major differences in bone density over the three-year follow-up period.
We included 80 randomised controlled trials (5820 women). They compared 20 different NSAIDs (18 non-selective and two COX-2-specific) versus placebo, paracetamol or each other. NSAIDs versus placebo Among women with primary dysmenorrhoea, NSAIDs were more effective for pain relief than placebo (low quality evidence). This suggests that if 18% of women taking placebo achieve moderate or excellent pain relief, between 45% and 53% taking NSAIDs will do so. However, NSAIDS were associated with more adverse effects (overall adverse effects: 25 RCTs, low quality evidence; gastrointestinal adverse effects; gastrointestinal side effects; neurological side effects: seven RCT). The evidence shows that if 10% of participants taking placebo experience side effects, between 11% and 14% of those taking NSAID will experience them. There is insufficient evidence to determine which (if any) individual NSAID is the safest and most effective for the treatment of this condition. There was no evidence of a difference with regard to adverse effects, though data were very scanty. The quality of the evidence was low for most comparisons, mainly due to poor reporting of study methods. Most of the studies were commercially funded (59%) and a further 31% failed to state their source of funding.
We included seven studies that compared high versus low levels of PEEP (2565 participants). In five of the studies (2417 participants), a comparison was made between high and low PEEP with the same tidal volume in both groups, but in the remaining two studies (148 participants), the tidal volume was different between high- and low-level groups. In the main analysis, we assessed mortality occurring before hospital discharge only in those studies that used a low tidal volume and high PEEP. With the three studies that were included, the meta-analysis revealed no statistically significant differences between the two groups (relative risk (RR) 090, 95% confidence interval (CI) 081 to 1.01), nor was any statistically significant difference seen in the risk of barotrauma. Oxygenation was improved in the high-PEEP group, although data derived from the studies showed a considerable degree of statistical heterogeneity. Available data were insufficient to allow pooling of length of stay in the intensive care unit (ICU). The subgroup of participants with ARDS showed decreased mortality in the ICU, although it must be noted that in two of the three included studies, the authors used a protective ventilatory strategy involving a low and a high tidal volume.
This review included 42 studies (11,399 patients) including 19 studies from the original review (2010), as well as 23 new studies. Fifteen studies were excluded from this review (nine retracted from publication due to concerns about integrity of data and six lacking individual patient creatinine data for the calculation of RIFLE criteria). Overall, there was a significant increase in the need for RRT in the HES treated individuals compared to individuals treated with other fluid therapies (19 studies, 9857 patients) and the number with author-defined kidney failure (15 studies, 1361 patients). The RR of AKI based on RIFle-F (failure) criteria also showed an increased risk in people treated with HES products. The risk of meeting urine output and renal function (risk) criteria for AKI was in contrast in favour of HES therapies (20 studies, 8769 patients). However, when these outcomes were excluded as per study protocol, the direction of risk again favoured the other fluid type, with a non-significant effect in HES. A more robust effect was seen for the Rifle-I (injury) outcome (8338 patients). No differences between subgroups were seen between sepsis versus non-sepsis patients, high molecular weight (MW) and degree of substitution (DS) versus low MW and DS (≥ 200 kDa and > 0.4 DS) HES solutions, or high versus low dose treatments (i.e. ≥ 2 L versus < 2 L). There were differences identified between the subgroups for the outcomes only, which may reflect the differing renal response to fluid resuscitation in pre-renal versus pre-septic AKI. Overall, methodological quality of the studies was good.
We identified nine studies that enrolled 682 participants. Seven studies compared Rheum officinale with no treatment and two made comparisons with captopril, an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor (ACEi). Seven studies were judged to be at low risk of incomplete outcome reporting; three studies were rated as being at high risk of selective reporting (protocols were available and/or all outcomes relevant to the this review were reported); and two were judged free of other potential biases. The quality of the evidence was low or very low due to the small number of participants and small numbers of studies. The evidence is current to January 2016. Seven of the nine studies did not report blinding or group allocation methods. Two of the seven studies were funded by the manufacturer of the drug and one was funded by a pharmaceutical company. The other two studies were sponsored by the drug manufacturer. We found no evidence to support or refute the use of the active ingredient in the treatment of patients with CKD. Only minor adverse events were reported in association with the drug. No data were available on all-cause mortality or cost of treatment.
We found 13 studies with a total of 2745 participants (51%) with dementia. We found that IQCODE can be used to identify older adults in the general hospital setting who are at risk of dementia and require specialist assessment; it is useful specifically for ruling out those without evidence of cognitive decline. There was a statistically significant difference in test accuracy between the hospital setting and the specialist memory setting (P = 0.019). We found no significant differences in the test accuracy of the short (16-item) versus the 26-item test, or in the language of administration. These findings are qualified by the significant heterogeneity, the potential for bias and suboptimal reporting found in the included studies. The language of the test did not affect test accuracy, which supports the cross-cultural use of the tool.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 91 participants. All studies investigated various types and intensities of outpatient rehabilitation programmes following BoNT for upper limb spasticity in adults with chronic stroke. Rehabilitation programmes included: modified constraint-induced movement therapy (mCIMT) compared with a neurodevelopmental therapy programme; task practice therapy with cyclic functional electrical stimulation (FES), compared with task practice, and occupational, manual therapy with dynamic elbow extension splinting compared with occupational therapy only. There was 'low quality' evidence for mCIMTs improving upper limb motor function and spasticities in chronic stroke survivors with residual voluntary upper limb activity, up to six months, and'very low quality' for dynamic elbow splintings and occupational therapy reducing elbow range of movement at 14 weeks. Task practice therapy did not improve upper limb function more than task practice alone, only at 12 weeks. No studies addressed interventions after other focal intramuscular treatments (e.g. physical therapy, physiotherapy, physiotherapies, or occupational therapy). No studies looked at the effect of MD rehabilitation on 'passive function' (caring for the affected limb), caregiver burden, or the individual's priority goals for treatment. The optimal types (modalities, therapy approaches, settings) of therapy for improving activity (active and passive function) in adults and children with post-stroke Spasticity, in the short and longer term, are unclear. Further research is required to build evidence in this area.
This review identified four randomised clinical trials, recruiting 136 participants. Two trials compared lamivudine alone versus HBIg alone. Randomisation was performed one week after transplantation in one of the trials and after six months after transplant in another; from transplantation until randomisation, HBIG alone was given to all patients in the two trials. A third trial compared combination treatment with lamvudine and hBIg versus lamivudaine alone after one month of combination treatment, and a fourth trial compared the combination of lamivudoine and HBIs versus a combination of laminopyrimidines and adefovir dipivoxil after at least 12 months of combined treatment. All trials were open-labelled, and none of the included trials were adequately powered to show a difference in HBV recurrence. No meta-analyses were performed since the identified trials assessed different comparisons. This review could not derive clear evidence from randomised trials for the treatment of patients with chronic HBV following liver transplantation for preventing recurrence of HBV infection. Large trials comparing long-term combination treatment to each of the monotherapy alone, including newer antiviral drugs, are needed.
We found 15 studies with 1019 participants who were followed between three months and 10 years. Sulphonylurea with insulin did not improve metabolic control significantly more than insulin alone at three months (one study, 15) and at 12 months (14) of treatment and follow-up. In addition, there was evidence that SU caused earlier insulin dependence (proportion requiring insulin at two years was 30% in the SU group compared to 5% in conventional care group (P < 0.001); patients classified as insulin dependent was 64% (SU group) and 12.5% (insulin group, P = 0.007). No intervention influenced fasting C-peptide, but insulin maintained stimulated levels better than SU. One study showed that vitamin D with insulin may protect pancreatic beta cells in LADA. There was no information regarding health-related quality of life, complications of diabetes, cost or health service utilisation, mortality and limited evidence on adverse events (studies on oral agents or insulin reported no adverse events in terms of severe hypoglycaemic episodes). Two studies show SU leading to earlier insulin dependent and a meta-analysis of four studies with considerable heterogeneity showed poorer metabolic control if SU is prescribed for patients with LADA compared to insulin. In a five year follow up of GAD65 (glutamic acid decarboxylase formulated with aluminium hydroxide), improvements in fasting and stimulated levels (20 μg group) were maintained after five years. However, there is no significant evidence for or against other lines of treatment of LADA in this group. There is no information on adverse effects.
We included 70 studies (44,958 participants) in the review, and 63 studies (42,784 participants) were included in the meta-analyses. Outcomes at four or more months post-intervention were of particular interest to assess when effects were sustained beyond the immediate short term. Overall, the quality of the evidence was moderate or low, meaning that we are very confident in the results. The evidence is current to May 2016. We have pooled effects across delivery modes only for those analyses for which heterogeneity in delivery modes is not substantial (I2 < 50%). We found that alcohol-related problems were reduced by 1.28 points in the 69-point alcohol problems scale score. No effects were found for WF or MF. Binge drinking was reduced by 2.7% if 30-day prevalence is 43.9%. Drinking quantity was reduced with WF, equivalent to a reduction of 0.9 drinks consumed each week, from a baseline of 13.7 drinks per week. Drinking frequency was decreased by 0.17 drinking days/wk, compared with 2.74 days per week with IFF. No effect was found for GFF or MC. Estimated blood alcohol concentration (BAC) was also reduced by a small amount, but the effect sizes were too small to be of relevance for policy or practice. The results of this review indicate that no substantive meaningful benefits are associated with social norms interventions for prevention of alcohol misuse among college/university students. Moreover, the significant effects are not consistent for all misuse measures, heterogeneity was a problem in some analyses and bias cannot be discounted as a potential cause of these findings.
We included three randomised controlled trials with 492 participants who had received 530 THA. One study (81 participants) compared outcomes for participants randomised to the provision of hip precautions, equipment and functional restrictions versus no provision. There were no incidences of hip dislocation or adverse events in either group during the initial 12 postoperative months. The study did not measure pain score, global assessment of treatment success or total adverse events. We are uncertain if hip precautions with or without the addition of equipment and restrictions are effective in preventing dislocation and improving outcomes after THA, and we are uncertain whether the number of people who were satisfied in the rate of recovery differed between those who were not prescribed postoperative equipment or restrictions (135/151 satisfied) compared to those prescribed (113/152 satisfied) (risk ratio (RR) 083, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.75 to 0.93; 265 participants, one trial; number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) = 7). Due to the low quality of the evidence, we are not able to say if the incidence of hip dislocations differed between participants provided with hip precautions (1/152) and those not prescribed (0/151) (RR 2.98, 95%, 95% CI 0.12 to 72.59) (0.0, 0, 0 and 0.0) (1, 1, 1 and 0). One of the studies (265 participants; 303 THAs) evaluated the provision with versus without the prescription of postoperative devices and restrictions to functional activities. There was no evidence to support or refute the use of an enhanced postoperative education and rehabilitation service on hospital discharge to promote functional ADL versus a conventional rehabilitation intervention in the community (146 participants; 146 THAs). This study was of very low quality evidence. The quality of evidence was very low due to the small number of participants in the study and the small size of the study. There is not enough evidence to say whether or not providing hip precautions improved function or health-related quality of life (HRQOL) measured by the Short Form-12 at four week follow-up, compared to not providing this. We were uncertain if providing enhanced education or rehabilitation improved function at six months follow up, when assessed using the Objective and Subjective Functional Capability Index (no numerical results provided) when compared to conventional rehabilitation. The results of this study were inconclusive. The other two studies were of low quality due to their small numbers of participants and small size.
This review of three randomised controlled trials found that LNG-IUD use reduces the recurrence of painful periods in women with endometriosis. In two trials, there was a statistically significant reduction in the number of women with painful periods compared with expectant management. The proportion of women who were satisfied with their treatment was also higher but did not reach statistical significance. In one trial, women receiving LNGs reported lower pain scores compared with women receiving gonadotrophin-releasing hormone agonists but this was not statistically significant. The number of changes in menstruation was higher in the LNG group but the number not completing the allocated treatment did not differ between groups. There is limited but consistent evidence showing that postoperative use of an LNG reduces painful periods. Further well-designed RCTs are needed to confirm these findings.
We included 24 studies, with a total of 1098 participants. All studies were conducted in high-income countries, predominantly in the USA (14/24). Six studies investigated availability interventions, of which two changed the absolute number of different options available, and four altered the relative proportion of less-healthy (to healthier) options. Most studies (4/6) manipulated snack foods or drinks. For selection outcomes, meta-analysis of three comparisons from three studies (n = 154) found that exposure to fewer options resulted in a large reduction in selection of the targeted food(s): SMD −1.13 (95% confidence interval (CI) -1.90 to −0.37) (low certainty evidence). For consumption outcomes, combined results from two comparisons from 150) found a moderate reduction in consumption of those foods, but with considerable uncertainty. Eighteen studies investigated proximity interventions, with 14/18 changing the distance at which a snack food or drink was placed from the participants, whilst four studies changed the order of meal components encountered along a line. Meta-regression analyses indicated that this effect was greater: the farther away the product was placed; when only the targeted product(s) was available; when participants were of low deprivation status; and when the study was at high risk of bias. The current evidence suggests that changing the number of available food options or altering the positioning of foods could contribute to meaningful changes in behaviour, justifying policy actions to promote such changes within food environments. However, the certainty of this evidence as assessed by GRADE is low or very low. To enable more certain and generalisable conclusions about these potentially important effects, further research is warranted in real-world settings, intervening across a wider range of foods - as well as alcohol and tobacco - and over sustained time periods.
We found only one randomised controlled trial that evaluated the effect of PEP on HIV seroconversion in people exposed to occupational exposure to HIV. The results were inconclusive. There were no differences in the rates at which people were offered post-exposure prophylaxis with zidovudine (an antiretroviral drug) after exposure compared to people not exposed to the virus. However, the number of people who stopped taking the drug after exposure was higher with a three-drug regimen, especially one containing indinavir. The use of occupational PEP is based on limited direct evidence of effect. It is highly unlikely that a definitive placebo-controlled trial will ever be conducted, and, therefore, on the basis of results from a single case-control study, a four-week regimen of four-drug PEP should be initiated as soon as possible after exposure, depending on the risk of HIV infection. There is no direct evidence to support the use of multi-drug regimens following occupational exposure following HIV infection, but, due to the success of combination therapies in treating HIV-infected individuals, a combination of antirheumatic drugs should be used for PEP. Healthcare workers should be counseled about expected adverse events and the strategies for managing these. They should also be advised that PEP was not 100% effective in preventing HIV Seroconversion. More rigorous evaluation of adverse events, especially in the developing world, are required. We recommend a formal systematic review of all relevant animal studies.
The evidence is current to May 2016. We found no evidence for the effectiveness of CBT for people with chronic pain. CBT has small to moderate effects on pain, disability, mood and catastrophising immediately post-treatment when compared with treatment as usual/waiting list, but all except a small effect on mood had disappeared at follow-up. There is not enough evidence to say whether CBT is effective in improving pain, mood, and disability, but there is some evidence that this effect is maintained at six months. Behaviour therapy has no effects on mood, but showed an effect immediately after treatment. There was no evidence that CBT had any effect on anxiety or depression, but CBT did have small effects on disability, and there was some evidence of some maintenance of these effects at six-month follow-ups. The quality of the trial design has improved over time but the quality of treatments has not.
We identified 15 national initiatives, including more than 260,000 people, that met our inclusion criteria. All of the initiatives were provided in lower-middle-income or low-income countries. We found no evidence that any of the interventions had an adverse effect on salt intake. Ten of the 10 initiatives were multi-component and incorporated intervention activities of a structural nature (e.g. food product reformulation, food procurement policy in specific settings). Of those seven initiatives, four showed a statistically significant mean decrease in salt intake from pre-intervention to post-inter intervention, ranging from Finland to Ireland. Five of these showed mean decreases in average daily salt intake (from 1.15 grams/day less in Finland to 0.35 grams per day in Ireland). Two initiatives showed mean increase in salt in people living in Canada and Switzerland, however in both countries the data point was from several years prior to the initiation of the intervention. The remaining initiatives did not show a significant mean change. Nine initiatives permitted quantitative analysis of differential impact by sex (men and women separately). For women, three initiatives (Austria, China, Finland, France, United Kingdom, and Canada) showed no significant change and two (Canada, United States, and Australia) showed a significant increase. For men, five initiatives (Australia, Austria, Canada, Denmark, Netherlands, and UK) showed significant changes, three (Netherlands, Switzerland, and United States) showed little or no change and one (Canada) showed an increase. Information was insufficient to indicate whether a differential change in mean salt intake occurred by other axes of equity included in the PROGRESS framework. We identified no adverse effects of these initiatives. Many studies had methodological strengths, including large, nationally representative samples of the population and rigorous measurement of dietary sodium intake. However, all studies were scored as having high risk of bias, reflecting the observational nature of the research and the use of an uncontrolled study design. The quality of evidence for the main outcome was low. We could perform a quantitative analysis only for impact. The number of initiatives was too small to allow other subgroup analyses, including stratification by intervention type, economic status of country and duration (or start year) of the initiative.
We found seven randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared amitriptyline, bromocriptine, clonidine, propranolol, levodopa (Prolopa®) (one study) and tryptophan with placebo. All studies had a small number of participants, ranging from seven to 16 people per study, and had a cross-over design. Three studies were of low risk of bias, while four were of uncertain risk. The results were imprecise and consistent with benefit, no difference or harm for each of the drugs compared with placebo in people with sleep bruxism. There was insufficient evidence on the effectiveness of pharmacotherapy for the treatment of sleep bruXism. The use of preventive medication avoided any adverse effects. Adverse effects were frequent in people who took amitripyline (5/10 had drowsiness, difficulty awakening in the morning, insomnia or xerostomia compared with 0/10 in the placebo group), as well as in people treated with proplanolol (7/16 had moderate-to-severe adverse effects compared with 2/16 in a placebo group). Clonidine was associated with prolonged morning hypotension in three of 16 participants. We combined the results for most comparisons (sleep duration, masseteric EMG activity per minute and pain intensity) in a meta-analysis, but the results were uncertain because of statistical imprecision. One study reported reduced rapid eye movement (REM) sleep stage and increased the second stage of sleep. However, results for other sleep-related outcomes were uncertain. This systematic review points to the need for more, well-designed, RCTs.
We found 10 studies with 1015 participants. All studies compared an enteral formula or additional supplements of omega-3 fatty acids (i.e. eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenosyl acid (DHA)), gamma-linolenic acid, and antioxidants). We assessed some of the included studies as having high risk of bias due to methodological shortcomings. Studies were heterogenous in nature and varied in several ways, including type and duration of interventions given, calorific targets, and reported outcomes. For the primary outcome, study authors reported no differences in all-cause mortality (longest period reported) with the use of an immunonutrition enteral and additional supplements. For secondary outcomes, we are uncertain whether immunonutritional supplements reduce ICU length of stay (mean difference (MD) -3.09 days. very low-quality evidence) and ventilator days (MD -2.24 days). We are also uncertain whether supplements improve oxygenation, defined as ratio of partial pressure of arterial oxygen (PaO₂) to fraction of inspired oxygen at day 4 (MD 39 mmHg, 95% CI 10.75 to 67.02), or whether they increase adverse events such as cardiac events, gastrointestinal events, or total adverse events (RR 0.91, 95%). We rated the quality of the evidence as very low.
We found 33 randomised controlled trials that compared open questions with checklist-type questions or rating scales. We found that more specific questioning of participants led to more AEs detected compared to a more general enquiry. However, two studies showed that quite severe or debilitating AEs were only detected by an interview, while other studies did not find a difference in the nature of AEs between elicitation methods. No conclusions could be made regarding the impact of question method on the ability to detect a statistically significant difference between study groups. There was no common statistical rubric, but we were able to represent some effect measures as a risk ratio of the proportion of participants with at least one AE. This showed a lower level of reporting for open questions (O) compared to checklists (CL), with a range for the risk ratios of 0.12 to 0.64. This review supports concerns that methods to elicit participant-reported AEs influence the detection of these data. A subset of six studies suggested that more severe, bothersome, or otherwise clinically relevant AEs might be reported when an initial open enquiry was used, while some less severe or bothersome AEs may only be reported with a subsequent specific question. This under-detection could compromise ability to pool AE data. The wide variety and low quality of methods to compare elicitation strategies limited this review. Future studies would be improved by using and reporting clear definitions and terminology for AEs (and other important variables), frequency and time period over which they were ascertained, how they were graded, assessed for a relationship to the study drug, coded, and tabulated/reported. While the many potential AE endpoints in a trial may preclude the development of general AE patient-reported outcome measurement instruments, much could also be learnt from how these employ both quantitative and qualitative methods to better understand data elicited.
We identified 582 records from the databases and search strategies. We found 10 further records by searching other resources (handsearching). We removed 211 duplicate records and screened 381 records (title and abstract). We excluded 364 records based on the title and abstract and assessed 17 full-text articles. We excluded 15 studies: eight studies did not assess interventions to prevent SUDEP; five studies measured devices to detect GTCS but did not directly measure SUDEP, and two studies assessed risk factors for SUDEP but not interventions for preventing SUDEP. One study is awaiting classification. We included one case-control study at serious risk of bias within a qualitative analysis in this review. This study of 154 cases of SUDEP and 616 controls ascertained a protective effect for the presence of nocturnal supervision and when a supervising person shared the same bedroom or when special precautions, for example a listening device, were used (unadjusted OR 0.41, 95% CI 0.20 to 0.82). This effect was independent of seizure control. Non-SUDEP deaths; changes to anxiety, depression, and quality of life; and number of hospital attendances were not reported. The quality of the evidence was very low. Further research is required to identify the effectiveness of other current interventions, such as seizure detection devices, safety pillows, SSRIs, early surgical evaluation, educational programmes, and opiate and adenosine antagonists.
This review included seven studies with 208 people with cystic fibrosis. All studies compared autogenic drainage to one (or more) other recognised airway clearance technique. One study was of parallel design with the remaining six being cross-over in design; participant numbers ranged from 17 to 75. The total study duration varied between four days and two years. The age of participants ranged between seven and 63 years with a wide range of disease severity reported. Six studies enrolled participants who were clinically stable, whilst participants in one study had been hospitalised with an infective exacerbation. The studies were of variable length and were not powered to assess non-inferiority. The quality of the evidence was generally low or very low. The main reasons for downgrading the level of evidence were the frequent use of a cross over design, outcome reporting bias and the inability to blind participants. The review's primary outcome, forced expiratory volume in one second, was the most common outcome measured and was reported by all seven studies; only three studies reported on quality of life (also a primary outcome of the review). One study reported on adverse events and described a decrease in oxygen saturation levels whilst performing an active cycle of breathing techniques, but not with autogenic ventilation. Six of the seven included studies measured forced vital capacity and three of the studies used mid peak flow (per cent predicted) as an outcome. Less commonly used outcomes included oxygen saturation, personal preference, hospital admissions or intravenous antibiotics. There were no statistically significant differences found between any of the techniques used with respect to the outcomes measured except for one study in which autogenic was described as being the preferred technique of the participants over postural drainage and percussion. Exercise is commonly used as an alternative therapy by people with fibrosis; however, there were no studies identified comparing exercise to autogenic treatment. Larger studies are needed to better evaluate the effectiveness of this intervention.
This review found that psychological therapies, all using a CBT approach, were more effective than TAU/WL in reducing anxiety, worry and depression symptoms for short-term treatment of GAD. No studies conducted longer-term assessments of CBT against TAU or WL. Six studies compared CBT with supportive therapy (non-directive therapy and attention-placebo conditions). No significant difference in clinical response was indicated between CBT and supportive therapy at post-treatment, however, significant heterogeneity was indicated, which was partly explained by the number of therapy sessions. Further studies examining non-CBT models are required to inform health care policy on the most appropriate forms of psychological therapy.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials with a total of 1,856 women. The trials were a mix of multicenter and single-center trials, conducted in India, Jordan, UK and USA. Eight of the included trials compared treatment with placebo and the remaining four trials compared progestogen administration with no treatment. The majority of trials were at low risk of bias for most domains. Ten trials (1684 women) contributed data to the analyses. The meta-analysis of all women, suggests that there may be a reduction in the number of miscarriages compared to placebo/controls (10 trials, 1684 women, moderate-quality evidence). A subgroup analysis comparing placebo-controlled versus non-placebo-controlled trials, trials of women with three or more prior miscarriages, compared to women with two or more miscarriages and different routes of administration showed no clear differences between subgroups for miscarriage. None of the trials reported on any secondary maternal outcomes, including severity of morning sickness, thromboembolic events, depression, admission to a special care unit, or subsequent fertility. We are uncertain about the effect on the rate of preterm birth because the evidence is very low-quality. No clear differences were seen for women with unexplained recurrent miscarriages for the other secondary outcomes including neonatal death, fetal genital abnormalities or stillbirth. There may be little or no difference in low birthweight and trials did not report on the secondary child outcomes of teratogenic effects or admission to special care units.
We included 14 studies with 1298 participants. We found nine studies (704 participants) that compared CM versus control, and five studies (594 participants) which compared MIB versus control. We did not find any studies that assessed other types of psychosocial interventions. For the most part, it was unclear if included studies adequately controlled for biases within their studies as such information was not often reported. We assessed risk of bias in the included studies relating to participant selection, allocation concealment, personnel and outcome assessor blinding, and attrition. The included trials rarely captured maternal and neonatal outcomes. For studies that did measure such outcomes, no difference was observed in pre-term birth rates (three trials, 264 participants), maternal toxicity at delivery (two trials, 217 participants), or low birth weight (one trial, 160 participants). However, the results did show that neonates remained in hospital for fewer days after delivery in CM intervention groups. There were no differences observed at the end of studies in retention or abstinence (as assessed by positive drug test) in any of the groups compared to control (low quality evidence). There was no difference in treatment outcomes to address drug use in pregnant women with use of psycho-social interventions, when taken in the presence of other comprehensive care options. These results held for both CM and MIB combined. Overall, the quality of the evidence was low to moderate. It is important to develop a better evidence base to evaluate the effects of different modalities of treatment in this important population.
We found 31 studies (44 reports) including 27,071 participants and two ongoing studies. Transradial approach for diagnostic CA or PCI (or both) in CAD may reduce short-term NACE, cardiac death, all-cause mortality, bleeding, and access site complications. There is insufficient evidence regarding the long-term clinical outcomes (i.e. beyond 30 days of follow-up). The risk of bias in the studies was low or unclear for several domains.
We found two studies of palliative care interventions for people with advanced dementia. Both studies were at high risk of bias, in part because blinding was not possible. We did not pool data due to the differences between the two trials in terms of the interventions and the settings. One study evaluated the effect of a decision aid on end-of-life feeding options on surrogate decision-makers of nursing home residents with dementia. Data for 90 participants (35% of the original study) met the definition of advanced dementia for this review and were re-analysed for the purposes of the review. We found no evidence that the intervention affected mortality in hospital, decisions to forgo cardiopulmonary resuscitation in hospital or the clinical care provided during hospital admission, but for the latter, event rates were low and the results were associated with a lot of uncertainty. The other study (256 participants, each enrolled with a family carer) looked at the effects of the intervention on decisional conflict in a group of people with dementia hospitalised for an acute illness. While this trial reported that a decision plan was more likely to be developed for participants in the intervention group (risk ratio (RR) 5.84, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.37 to 25.02), the plan was only adopted for two participants, both in the treatment group, while in hospital. The plan was available on discharge in the control group (RR 4.50 and 95% CI 1.03 to 19.75). There was no evidence of a difference in the number of people who died in hospital (RR 1.06 and 95%). In this study, intervention surrogates were more likely than control surrogates to discuss feeding options with a clinician, but imprecise results meant that there was significant uncertainty about both results. There are six ongoing studies that we expect to include in future versions of this review.
This review included three randomised controlled trials with 1166 randomised women. There were no significant differences between the various methods of sequencing adjuvant therapy for local recurrence, overall survival, relapse-free survival, metastasis-free and metastatic survival based on 1166 women in three trials. Concurrent chemoradiation increased anaemia, telangiectasia and pigmentation in women treated with RT before CT compared with CT before RT, but other measures of toxicity did not differ between the two types of sequencing. On the basis of one trial (244 women), RT before RT was associated with an increased risk of neutropenic sepsis (a type of blood infection) in women with breast cancer, but there was no difference in other measures. The data included in this review, from three well-conducted randomised trials, suggest that different ways of sequencing CT and RT do not appear to have a major effect on recurrence or survival if RT is commenced within seven months after surgery.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 622 participants. The RCTs were conducted in the community setting, with interventions mainly delivered by health professionals, and had a short- to medium-term follow up (up to 24 weeks). Three studies compared CrP plus resistance or weight training with a placebo plus resistance and weight training, and the other two studies used CrP alone. We focused this review on investigating which dose of CrP would prove most effective versus placebo and therefore assessed the results according to CrP dose. However, in order to find out if CrP works in general, we also analysed the effect of all pooled CrP doses versus placebo on body weight only. We found no firm evidence and no dose gradient could be established when comparing different doses with placebo for various weight loss measures (body weight, body mass index, percentage body fat composition, change in waist circumference). Only three studies provided information on adverse events (low-quality evidence). There were two serious adverse events and study dropouts in participants taking 1000 µg CrP, and one serious adverse event in an individual taking 400 µg. Two participants receiving placebo discontinued due to adverse events; one event was reported as serious. No study reported on all-cause mortality, morbidity, health-related quality of life or socioeconomic effects. The quality of the evidence was low.
We found 11 studies with a total of 886 participants. These evaluated a range of comparisons in a wide range of surgical wounds healing by secondary intention. Some studies were small and some did not present data or analyses that could be easily interpreted or related to clinical outcomes. Two comparisons compared different iodine preparations with no antiseptic treatment and found no clear evidence of effects for these treatments. One study compared a zinc oxide mesh dressing with a plain mesh dressing. There was some evidence of a difference in time to wound infection (wound with foul smell and number of participants prescribed antibiotics) which favoured the zinc oxide group. Another study reported that sucralfate cream increased the likelihood of healing open wounds following haemorrhoidectomy compared to a petrolatum cream over a three week period. This evidence was graded as being of moderate quality. The study also reported lower wound pain scores. There were no differences in the length of hospital stay in the honey group compared with the EUSOL-soaked gauze group. Evidence was taken from one small study that only had 43 participants. We found moderate quality evidence that more Dermacym®-treated post-operative foot wounds in people with diabetes healed compared to those treated with iodine. The evidence was based on a small number of studies with small numbers of participants. This means it is likely or very likely that further research will have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect, and may change this estimate.
We found five randomised studies with 1049 women evaluating five different technique modifications during either amniocentesis (three studies) or CVS (two studies). Three interventions were evaluated - intramuscular progesterone, hexoprenaline and selecting high or low puncture sites for late 'blind' procedure - each intervention in a single small study. There was no conclusive evidence of benefit for any of them. The same applies for terbutaline tocolysis and use of continuous vacuum aspiration during CVS. Overall, the quality of evidence summarised in this review is not of sufficient quality to change current clinical practice. In the absence of clear evidence, the operators should continue to use methods and technique modifications with which they are most familiar with. Any randomised trials of technique modifications that are performed to high standard with adequate safety outcomes and power to detect important clinical differences would be clearly welcome.
We included 10 studies (1181 participants, 8037 live births) in this review. Seven studies examined wheat flour fortified with folic acid alone or with other micronutrients, and three studies examined maize flour. The duration of interventions ranged from two weeks to 36 months, and the ITS studies included postfortification periods of up to seven years. Six studies were conducted in upper-middle-income countries (China, Mexico, South Africa, and Bangladesh), one study was conducted in a lower-income country (Bangladesh), and three were in a high-income (Canada) country (Canada). Five studies were randomised controlled trials (RCTs), three were non-randomised controlled studies, and one was an interrupted time series (ITS) study (1 study population of 2,242,438, 1 study unreported). One study was funded by the National Institutes of Health (NIH). The evidence is current to May 2016. The evidence was up to date as of May 2015. We found that women who consumed wheat flour fortified with folate were less likely to have a total neural tube defect, spina bifida, and encephalocoele, but not anencephaly, compared to unfortified flour. Women of reproductive age consuming maize flour did not have higher erythrocyte folate or plasma folate concentrations compared to women consuming un fortified flour. However, adults consuming folate-fortified wheat flour bread rolls had higher serum folate levels compared to those who did not. We did not find any significant differences in haemoglobin or anaemia. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to very low. Most studies had unclear risk of bias for randomisation, blinding, and reporting, and low/unclear risk for attrition and contamination.
We found two randomised controlled trials with a total of 1,124,483 newborns (210 with CF) with a maximum follow up of 17 years were eligible for inclusion in this review. One of the trials was funded by the US National Institutes of Health (NIH) and the other was sponsored by the National Institute for Health Research (NIHR). The results of this review suggest that screening newborns with CF may be more likely to have normal lung function at diagnosis. Severe malnutrition was less common among screened participants. At age seven, 88% of screened participants and 75% of controls had lung function parameters within normal limits of at least 89% predicted. At diagnosis chest radiograph scores were significantly better in screened participants, but over time, chest radiographs were worse in the screened group. Results were no longer significant after adjustment for genotype, pancreatic status, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa-culture results. In screened participants colonisation of the bacteria occurred earlier. Nutritional benefits are apparent. Screening provides potential for better pulmonary outcomes, but confounding factors influenced long-term pulmonary prognosis of people with CF. Estimates suggest diagnosis through screening is less expensive.
We found five randomized controlled trials, recruiting a total of 7314 participants and with a mean follow-up of 4.5 years. Only one trial (ACCORD) compared outcomes associated with 'lower' versus'standard' systolic blood pressure targets in 4734 participants. Despite achieving a significantly lower BP (119.3/64.4 mmHg vs 133.5/70.5 mmHG, P < 0.0001), and using more antihypertensive medications, the only significant benefit in the group assigned to lower blood pressure was a reduction in the incidence of stroke: risk ratio (RR) 0.58, 95% CI 0.39 to 0.88, absolute risk reduction 1.1%. The effect of SBP targets on mortality was compatible with both a reduction and increase in risk of other serious adverse events. There was a trend towards reduction in total mortality, mainly due to a trend to lower non-cardiovascular mortality. There was no difference in stroke, heart attack, myocardial infarction or congestive heart failure. End-stage renal failure and total serious side effects were not reported in any of the trials. A analysis of trials comparing DBP targets < 80 mm hg (as suggested in clinical guidelines) versus < 90 mm haemoglobin showed similar results. The total number of participants included in the DBP target analysis was 2580. The quality of the evidence was low due to the small number of trials and small numbers of participants.
This review of 14 randomised controlled trials (709 participants) found that non-removable, pressure-relieving casts are more effective in healing diabetes related plantar foot ulcers than removable casts, or dressings alone. One study compared two different types of casts with no discernable difference between the groups. Achilles tendon lengthening combined with a cast resulted in significantly more healed ulcers at 7 months in one study. More ulcers remained healed at two years in this group. Other comparisons included surgical debridement of ulcers; felt fitted to the foot; felted foam dressings and none of these showed a statistically significant treatment effect in favour of the intervention.
We found five randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with 235 breast cancer survivors. All five studies were rated as having a high risk of bias. Two trials (95 participants) compared computer-assisted cognitive training with two (95) of compensatory strategy training, one (47) of meditation and one (19) of physical activity intervention. Each study focused on women with breast cancer. Cognitive training demonstrated beneficial effects on objectively assessed cognitive function (including processing speed, executive functions, cognitive flexibility, language, delayed- and immediate- memory, subjectively reported cognitive function and mental well-being), and spiritual quality of life (QoL). The meta-analyses of two RCTs did not show a beneficial effect from cognitive training on physical and mental health outcomes immediately or two months after the intervention. Compensatory strategy trainings did not improve physical or mental health outcome immediately or for two months. However, cognitive training did improve cognitive function for people with cognitive impairment. People who received cognitive training were less likely to experience lower mental and physical functioning immediately after the training compared to people who did not receive cognitive training. We assessed the quality of the evidence to be low for cognitive and physical health outcomes and, therefore, findings should be interpreted with caution. Evidence for physical activity and meditation interventions on cognitive outcomes is unclear. Overall, the, albeit low-quality evidence may be interpreted to suggest that non-pharmacological interventions may have the potential to reduce the risk of, or ameliorate, cognitive impairment following systemic cancer treatment. Larger, multi-site studies including an appropriate, active attentional control group, as well as consideration of functional outcomes (e.g. activities of daily living) are required in order to come to firmer conclusions about the benefits or otherwise of this intervention approach. There is also a need to conduct research into cognitive impairment among women with other types of cancer.
We found six randomised controlled trials with 343 people with schizophrenia who were randomly assigned to receive chlorpromazine or piperacetazine. We included five trials, all from the 1970s, randomising 343 participants. Only short-term data were available. Results from the included trials found that, in terms of global state improvement, when rated by a psychiatrist, there was no clear difference in global improvement when compared with piper acetazine (very low-quality evidence). One trial reported change scores on the mental state scale Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS). No clear difference was observed in numbers of participants leaving the study early for any reason. Chlorpromazine appears to be no worse or better than p Piperacetazine regarding adverse effects. In both treatment groups, around 60% of participants experienced some sort of adverse effect, with approximately 40% of these participants experiencing some parkinsonism-type movement disorder. No trial reported data for change in negative symptoms or economic costs. The quality of the evidence was very low. The overall methodology and data reporting by the trials was poor. More high quality research is needed.
This review found five randomised controlled trials with 207 participants with a total of 207 participants, 102 to colorectal stents and 105 to emergency surgery. The average time of clinical relief of obstruction was 0.66 day in the colonic stent group and was 3.55 days in the emergency surgery group. The stent insertion was successful in 86.02% of attempted stent placements. There was no significant difference in the 30-day mortality between two groups. The 30 day mortality rate was similar, 2.3% in both groups, but the stent related perforation rate was 5.88%, stent migration rate was 2.13% and stent obstruction rate was two.13%. The complication rate was 39.22% and 45.71% respectively. The mean hospital stay was 11.53 days and 17.15 days, respectively, in the colic and emergency surgery groups. There were no differences in the length of hospital stay and procedure time and less blood loss. The median blood loss was 50 ml and 350 ml. The clinical success rate was statistically higher in emergency group. However, use of stents seems to be as safe as the emergency group in the malignant coloryctal obstruction as there was no statistically significant difference between the two groups in the mortality and morbidity. Colorectals are associated with acceptable stent perforations, migration and obstruction rates.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (1867 women) comparing human albumin (seven studies), HES (two studies) or mannitol (one study) versus placebo or no treatment for prevention of OHSS. The evidence was of very low to moderate quality for all comparisons. The main limitations were imprecision, poor reporting of study methods, and failure to blind outcome assessment. There was evidence of a beneficial effect of intravenous albumin on OHSS, though heterogeneity was substantial. This suggests that if the rate of moderate or severe OHSS with no treatment is 12%, it will be about 9% (6% to12%) with the use of albumin. However, there was a detrimental effect on pregnancy rates, and there were no data on live birth. Adverse events appeared to be uncommon, but were too poorly reported to reach any firm conclusions. Human albumin reduced pregnancy rates in women with PCOS, but the evidence of effectiveness was based on very few trials which need to be confirmed in additional, larger trials (RCTs) before they should be considered for routine use in clinical practice.
This review included 10 studies with 484 participants. There was no evidence of superior efficacy of any one sclerosant over another, but there was evidence of superiority of sclerotherapy to placebo. The evidence did not suggest an increase in patient satisfaction with any one agent, but patients were less satisfied with placebo. There were some evidence suggesting that polidocanol (POL) was more likely to cause adverse reactions at a concentration of 1% compared with lower concentrations or hypertonic saline, and that sodium tetradecyl sulfate (STS), which is a sclerosing agent used in the treatment of telangiectasias of the lower limbs, was more painful than normal saline, but the agents studied showed superiority to a normal saline placebo. However, the amount of available evidence in this field is small and the overall methodological quality of the studies was poor. More research is needed to determine the optimal agent(s) and the ideal dosing to achieve the best results and maximize patient satisfaction. Future research efforts should incorporate more demographic data and symptom measures to allow for comparison with findings from observational studies.
We found seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 241 participants in this review. The evidence is current to January 2016. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Australia. The results of these studies were not consistent. Salbutamol administered via either nebulizer or metered-dose inhaler (MDI) significantly reduced serum potassium levels compared with placebo. The peak effect of 10 mg nebulised salbutamil was seen at 120 minutes and at 90 minutes for 20 mg neblised sal butamol. One study reported 1.2 mg salbut amol via MDI 1.1 mg produced a significant decrease in serum potassium beginning at 10 minutes and a maximal decrease at 60 minutes. Intravenous (IV) and nebulized salbut AMI produced comparable effects (2 studies). Insulin-dextrose was more effective than bicarbonate and aminophylline in reducing serum potassium. When compared to other interventions, salbutAMol had similar effect to insulin-d Extrose (2 trials) but was more potent than bICarbonate (1 trial) and amine (1 study). Ins insulin-Dextrose (1) was more powerful than bicaarbonate, amine, and calcium salts (1). None of the included studies evaluated the effect of IV calcium or potassium binding resins in the treatment of hyperkalaemia. The effectiveness of calcium or calcium salts has not been tested in RCTs and requires further study before firm recommendations for clinical practice can be made.
We found 39 studies, involving 4216 participants, that compared antimicrobial lock solutions with standard sealing solutions (usually heparin) of the CVC for HD. These studies were of low to very low risk of bias. The evidence is current to May 2016. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, and Canada. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2017. Antibiotic lock solutions probably reduce the incidence of catheter thrombosis per 1000 catheter-days (low certainty evidence). Antimicrobial lock solution probably makes little or no difference to the risk of clots in the catheter (very low certainty evidence) (14 studies: very low quality evidence), and the combination of both lock solutions (low quality evidence). Subgroup analysis of antibiotic lock solutions showed that both probably reduced CRI per 1000 CVC-days and risk of clotting (very good quality evidence) and the combined combination of the lock solution (very poor quality evidence); however, the effect of antimicrobial and combined lock solutions was uncertain. Non-antibiotic and combined (antibiotics-non antibiotic) lock solutions decreased CRI compared to control lock solutions, but the effect was uncertain for tunnelled and non-tunnelled CVCs. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all of the outcomes measured. More studies are needed to confirm the effectiveness and safety of these solutions.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing pre-emptive therapy with placebo or standard care to prevent CMV disease in solid organ transplant recipients. We found 15 RCTs with 1098 participants. The studies were randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials. Six studies looked at pre-preventive treatment versus placebo or treatment of CMV when disease occurred (standard care), eight looked at antiviral prophylaxis, and one reported on oral versus intravenous pre-presetive treatment. Pre-preemptive treatment was effective compared with placebo and standard care, but there were no significant differences in the risk of all-cause mortality, graft loss, acute rejection and infections other than CMV. Leucopenia was significantly less common with pre-penetrative therapy compared with pro-prophylactic therapy. Other adverse effects did not differ significantly or were not reported. There was no significant difference in the risks of graft loss or acute rejection between pre- and pro-preparative therapy. The quality of the evidence was moderate to low, mainly because of the small number of participants in the studies and the small numbers of participants who were randomly assigned to pre- or pro-predatory treatment.
We found three randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 140 participants. All three studies were performed by the same trialist. All trials compared the effect of sweet potato preparations with placebo on glycaemic control in type 2 diabetes mellitus. There was a statistically significant improvement in glycosylated haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) at three to five months with 4 g/day sweet potato preparation compared to placebo (2 trials). No serious adverse effects were reported. Diabetic complications and morbidity, death from any cause, health-related quality of life, well-being, functional outcomes and costs were not investigated. Overall, the risk of bias of these trials was unclear or high. In addition to improvement in trial methodology, issues of standardization and quality control of preparations - including other varieties of sweet potatoes - need to be addressed. Further observational trials and RCTs are needed to guide any recommendations in clinical practice.
We found 19 studies with a total of 440 people with cystic fibrosis. Five studies compared the active cycle of breathing technique with autogenic drainage, airway oscillating devices, high frequency chest compression devices, conventional chest physiotherapy, and positive expiratory pressure. The study size ranged from seven to 65 participants. The age of the participants ranged from six to 63 years (mean age 22.33 years). In 13 studies, follow up lasted a single day. However, there were two long-term randomised controlled studies with follow up of one to three years. Most of the studies did not report on key quality items, and therefore, have an unclear risk of bias in terms of random sequence generation, allocation concealment, and outcome assessor blinding. Due to the nature of the intervention, none of the included studies blinded participants or the personnel applying the interventions. The studies reported on all planned outcomes, had adequate follow up, assessed compliance, and used an intention-to-treat analysis. There was no significant difference in quality of life, sputum weight, exercise tolerance, lung function, oxygen saturation, or number of pulmonary exacerbations between the active and non-active cycles of breathing. Preference of technique varied: more participants preferred autogenic ventilation over the breathing technique; more preferred the breathing method over high frequency compression devices; and more were comfortable with the breathing techniques compared with high-frequency chest compression. There is insufficient evidence to support or reject the use of the active breathing technique over any other airway clearance therapy. Longer-term studies are needed to more adequately assess the effects on outcomes important for people with CF.
We found eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 733 women in total that compared brief co-incubation of sperm and oocytes with the standard overnight insemination protocol. The evidence is current to May 2016. The results of the review showed that the use of short-term co-injection of sperm or oocytes may increase the ongoing pregnancy and clinical pregnancy rates for infertile women undergoing IVF cycles. Live birth was not reported in the included studies. For ongoing pregnancy rate, there were 127 ongoing pregnancies in two trials including 426 women. There were 93 clinical pregnancies in three trials including 372 women. The low quality evidence showed that short-time co-intubation was associated with a significantly higher clinical pregnancy rate than the standard insemination protocol. For the miscarriage rate, six miscarriages were reported in one trial including 167 women. This evidence was of low quality. There was no significant difference in the odds of miscarriage between the two methods. The quality of the evidence was low because of the small number of women included in the studies and the small numbers of women in each study.
In this review, five studies, recruiting a total of 694 infants, were included in this review. Most of the participants had single pathology (HMD) and no studies examined the effects of IT on newborns ventilated for other reasons such as meconium aspiration and congenital heart disease (lungs with normal compliance). However, the increased rates of air leaks and deaths using long ITs are clinically important; thus, infants with poorly compliant lungs should be ventilated with a short IT. Caution should be exercised in applying these results to modern neonatal intensive care, because the included studies were conducted prior to the introduction of antenatal steroids, post natal surfactant and the use of synchronised modes of ventilatory support.
We included 33 studies involving 5110 patients. The studies were of low methodological quality. There is a large variety in the way TFU was performed (the health professionals who undertook the TFU, frequency, structure, duration, etc.). Many different outcomes have been measured, but only a few were measured across more than one study. Overall, there was inconclusive evidence about the effects of TFU. No adverse effects were reported. Nevertheless, although some studies find that the intervention had favourable effects for some outcomes, overall the studies show clinically-equivalent results between TFU and control groups. In summary, we cannot conclude that TFU is an effective intervention.
We identified 38 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that evaluated six broad strategies to improve the number of participants who returned to trial sites for trial follow-up. These were incentives, communication strategies, new questionnaire format, participant case management, behavioural and methodological interventions. For 34 of the included trials, retention was response to postal and electronic questionnaires with or without medical test kits. For four trials, the retention was number of people remaining in the trial. There was no evidence that a telephone survey was more or less effective than a monetary incentive and a questionnaire. Some other strategies evaluated in single trials looked promising but need further evaluation. We found no good evidence that the addition of non-monetary incentive, an offer of a non-money incentive, 'enhanced' letters, letters delivered by priority post, additional reminders, or questionnaire question order either increased or decreased trial questionnaire response/retention. The effect on questionnaire response of using offers of charity donations, sending reminders to trial site and when a questionnaire is sent, may need further examination. Case management and behavioural strategies used for trial retention may also warrant further evaluation in the future.
We included eight studies with 829 participants (416 and 413 participants in the pLMA and cLMA groups, respectively). We identified six cross-over studies that are awaiting classification; one is completed but has not been published, and data related to the first treatment period for the other five studies were not yet available. We found no differences between the devices in relation to the primary review outcome: failure to adequately mechanically ventilate. We evaluated this outcome by assessing two variables: inadequate oxygenation (risk ratio (RR) 075, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.17 to 3.31; four studies, 617) and inadequate ventilation (not estimable; one study, 80). More time was required to establish an effective airway using the ProSeal laryngeal mask airway (mean difference (MD) 10.12 seconds, 95.04 to 15.21; P < 0.0001; I² = 73%; two studies, 434). Peak airway pressure during positive pressure ventilation was lower in the Classic LMA group (MD 0.84, 95%. 95% CI 0.02 to 1.67; P = 0.04), but this is unlikely to be clinically meaningful. We are uncertain about the effects of either of the airway devices in terms of failure of oxygenation or ventilation because there were very few events. None of the studies reported postoperative nausea and vomiting as an outcome. Data show no important differences between devices with regard to failure to insert the device, use of an alternate device, mucosal injury, sore throat, bronchospasm, gastric insufflation, regurgitation, coughing, and excessive leak. The quality of evidence for all outcomes, as assessed by GRADE score, is low mainly owing to issues related to blinding and imprecision.
We found 19 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1453 children aged between four and 18 years from eight different countries and were recruited largely from paediatric gastroenterology clinics. The mean age at recruitment ranged from 6.3 years to 13.1 years. Girls outnumbered boys in most trials. Fourteen trials recruited children with a diagnosis under the broad umbrella of RAP or functional gastrointestinal disorders; five trials specifically recruited only children with irritable bowel syndrome. We found that children treated with probiotics were more likely to experience improvement in pain at zero to three months postintervention than those given placebo (7 studies; 722 children). The estimated number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) was eight, meaning that eight children would need to receive probiotics for one to experience improved in pain in this timescale. We judged the evidence for these two outcomes to be of moderate quality due to small numbers of participants included in the studies. We were unable to perform any meta-analyses for the secondary outcomes of school performance, social or psychological functioning, or quality of life. The studies fell into four categories: trials of probiotics (13 studies), trials of fibre-based interventions (four studies), studies of low FODMAP diets (one study), and studies of fructose-restricted diets (1 study). We found a greater reduction in pain frequency in the probiotics group (6 studies; 523 children). There was also a decrease in pain intensity in the intervention group at the same time point. However, we judged the quality of the evidence to be low for these outcomes due to an unclear risk of bias, imprecision, and significant differences in the way the studies were designed and conducted. We also found no evidence of an improvement in school performance (2 studies; 136 children). We were not able to combine the results of the studies because of the small number of participants in each study. The evidence for this outcome was also of low quality because of differences between the studies and the way they were designed.
We included 22 studies involving 4490 participants. All were randomised controlled trials (3 were cluster RCTs), and 19 of the 22 studies had analysable outcome data. Seventeen of the studies had student populations. Most studies were at unclear or high risk of bias for all forms of bias except detection bias. Findings from the five trials with discrimination outcomes (n = 1196) were mixed, with effects showing a reduction, increase or consistent with no evidence of effect. Odds ratios (OR) for the two studies (802) with dichotomous discrimination outcomes showed no effect: results were 1.30 (95% CI 0.53 to 3.19) and 1.19. The 19 trials with prejudice outcomes had a small to medium effect in decreasing prejudice, and are equivalent to reducing the level of prejudice from that associated with schizophrenia to that of major depression. The studies were very heterogeneous, statistically, in their populations, interventions and outcomes, and only two meta-analyses within two subgroups were warranted. Data on secondary outcomes were sparse. Cost data were provided on request, were highly variable, and did not address cost-effectiveness. Two studies ( 455 and 455) contained statements about adverse effects and neither reported finding any. Mass media interventions may reduce prejudice, but there is insufficient evidence to determine their effects on discrimination. Very little is known about costs, adverse effects or other outcomes. We found few studies in middle- and low-income countries, or with employers or health professionals as the target group, and none targeted at children or adolescents. The findings are limited by the quality of the evidence, which was low for the primary outcomes for discrimination and prejudice, low for adverse effects, and very low for costs.
We included 85 studies in our review. The studies took place in 41 countries, including eight high-income countries, 18 middle-income and 15 low-income, in rural, urban and semi-urban locations. Forty-six studies explored the views and experiences of healthy pregnant or postnatal women, 17 studies looked at the views of healthcare providers and 22 studies incorporated both women and healthcare providers. We found that women’s perceptions of the value of ANC depend on their general beliefs about pregnancy as a healthy or a risky state, and on their reaction to being pregnant, as well as on local socio-cultural norms relating to the advantages or otherwise of antenatal care for healthy pregnancies, and for those with complications. Whether they continue to use ANC or not depends on their experience of ANC design and provision when they access it for the first time. For women, initial or continued use of ANC depends on a perception that doing so will be a positive experience. This is a result of the provision of good-quality local services that are not dependent on the payment of informal fees and that include continuity of care that is authentically personalised, kind, caring, supportive, culturally sensitive, flexible, and respectful of women's need for privacy, and that allow staff to take the time needed to provide relevant support, information and clinical safety for the woman and the baby, as and when they need it. Such provision also depends on organisational norms and values that overtly value kind and caring staff who make effective, culturally-appropriate links with local communities, who respect women's belief that pregnancy is usually a normal life event, but who can recognise and respond to complications when they arise. Healthcare providers also require sufficient training and education to do their job well, and an adequate salary, so that they do not need to demand extra informal funds from women and families, to supplement their income, or to fund essential supplies. This review has identified key barriers and facilitators to the uptake of ANC services by pregnant women, and in the provision (or not) of good quality ANC by healthcare providers, and it complements existing effectiveness reviews of models of ANC provision and adds essential insights into why a particular type of ANC provided in specific local contexts may or may not be acceptable, accessible, or valued by some pregnant women and their families/communities. Those providing and funding services should consider the three thematic domains identified by the review as a basis for service development and improvement. Such developments should include women, community members and other relevant stakeholders.
We found 16 randomised controlled trials, involving 3361 patients with aneurysmal SAH. Three of the studies were of magnesium sulphate in addition to nimodipine. Calcium antagonists reduced the risk of poor outcome and secondary ischaemia and showed a favourable trend for case fatality. Magnesium sulphate is a promising agent but more evidence is needed before definite conclusions can be drawn. Intravenous administration of calcium antagonists cannot be recommended for routine practice on the basis of the evidence.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 739 children with high-risk neuroblastoma. They all used an age of one year as the cut-off point for pre-treatment risk stratification. There was a significant statistical difference in event-free survival in favour of myeloablative therapy over conventional chemotherapy or no further treatment (three studies, 739 patients; HR 0.78, 95% CI 0.67 to 0.90). However, when additional follow-up data were included in the analyses the difference remained statistically significant, but the difference in overall survival was no longer statistically significant (two studies, 360 patients). The meta-analysis of secondary malignant disease and treatment-related death did not show any significant statistical differences between the treatment groups. Data from one study (379 patients) showed a significantly higher incidence of renal effects, interstitial pneumonitis and veno-occlusive disease in the treatment group compared to conventional chemotherapy, whereas for serious infections and sepsis no significant difference was identified. No information on quality of life was reported. In the individual studies we evaluated different subgroups of patients, but these results were not univocal in all studies. All studies had some methodological limitations. The results of these studies may be overestimated due to the inclusion of patients with intermediate-risk disease. It should be kept in mind that recently the age cut-offs for high risk disease was changed from one year to 18 months. As a result it is possible that patients with what is now classified as intermediate- risk disease have been included in these studies.
We found eight randomised clinical trials with 632 participants. The mean age ranged from 16 years to 78 years. The proportion of men ranged from 60% to 75% and the proportion of people with stage III primary hepatocellular carcinoma ranged from 22% to 85%. The median follow-up duration was 12 months (2 months to 38 months). TACE followed by 3-DCRT compared with TACE alone may have reduced all-cause mortality and tumour response (complete response plus partial response) (low-certainty evidence). Data, from one trial on health-related quality of life, favoured the TACE group, but the provided data were ill-defined. None of the trials reported serious adverse events. The results on non-serious adverse events were as follows: we found no difference in the results for proportion of participants with leukopenia, serum bilirubin elevation and serum transaminases elevation (very low- and very low-quality evidence). However, the number of participants who did not show any signs of decline or normalisation was significantly lower in the 3-dCRT group. We are very uncertain about the results of the reported non-significant adverse events because of the small number of trials and the small numbers of participants in the included trials. We rated the quality of the evidence as low to very low. The evidence is current to May 2016.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared increased versus standard energy intake for preterm infants with (or developing) CLD/BPD. We did not find any RCTs. However, two excluded trials provided some insights into the topic. One study showed that infants who were fed formula enriched with protein and minerals had improved growth parameters up until the cessation of the intervention at three months of corrected age. The other study compared different energy density of formula but identical energy intake by setting different feed volumes for both groups. It showed that both groups were unable to achieve the pre-designated feed volumes and that there were no differences in growth, respiratory outcomes, oedema and the diuretic requirements. The benefits and harms of various ways of increasing energy intake, including higher density of milk feed and/or fluid volume (clinically realistic target volume should be set), parenteral nutrition, and the use of various constituents of energy like carbohydrate, protein and fat for this purpose also need to be assessed.
We included 13 studies with a total of 2341 participants (2360 procedures). The quality of the evidence was very low (subclavian vein N = 3) or very low for most outcomes, moderate for one outcome (femoral vein) and high at best for two outcomes. Most of the trials had unclear risk of bias across the six domains, and heterogeneity among the studies was significant. We found that two-dimensional ultrasound reduced the risk of inadvertent arterial puncture and haematoma formation (three trials, 498 participants). No evidence was found of a difference in total or other complications (together, US, USD), number of attempts until success (US, USD) or first-time (US) success rates or time taken to insert the catheter (US). For the femoral vein, fewer data were available for analysis (four trials, 311 participants). However, success on the first attempt was more likely with ultrasound, and a small increase in the overall success rate was noted. No data on mortality or participant-reported outcomes were provided. Data on insertion by inexperienced or experienced users, or on patients at high risk for complications, are lacking. The results for Doppler ultrasound techniques versus anatomical landmark techniques are uncertain.
This review included 15 studies with a total of 1456 people with Alzheimer's disease. Four studies, 29 people, used intravenous infusion; seven studies used a conventional oral form; four used a controlled-release oral form, and one study of 181 people used a verum skin patch. Intravenous infusion  There are no usable results from the intravenous injection trials, Oral form  The few results of the trials of the conventional orally administered form showed no benefit of physostigmine compared with placebo. The results from two of the four studies of the controlled release form apply only to a group of patients identified as responders in a pre-randomization titration period. The best dose (33 mg/day) was associated with improvement on the ADAS-Cog score at 6, 12 and 24 weeks. There were statistically significantly higher numbers of patients withdrawing from the trial due to adverse events (22/183 vs 2/183) and suffering at least one event of nausea, vomiting, diarrhoea, anorexia, dizziness, stomach pain, flatulence or sweating compared with a placebo at 6 weeks. When no attempt was made to identify responders and all relevant patients were randomized, the fixed dose (mean 33 mg/dummy) form of the drug was associated in a statistically significant way with a higher number withdrawing due to side effects (234/358 vs 31/117) and more people suffering at the same number of events (196/358 compared with 10/117). The lower dose (5.7 mg/daily) form (mean 5.7mg/day), compared with the higher dose (average 33 mg daily) of the control group, was also associated with a significant increase in the number of people who withdrew from the study because of side effects. There was no difference between the higher and lower doses (higher and lower dose) and placebo for numbers improved (quality of life index (CGIC) at 24 weeks). Verum patch  The double dose (delivering mean dose 12 mg/ day) and the low dose (dummy dose) were associated with significant differences in side effects, with the lower dose being associated with higher numbers suffering gastrointestinal complaints (gastrointestinal complaints) and lower numbers suffering abdominal cramps (diarrhoea), but with no difference on cognition (dementia). The evidence of effectiveness for the symptomatic treatment of Alzheimer’s disease is limited. Even in a controlled release formulation designed to overcome the short half-life of the drugs, there was no convincing benefit and adverse effects remained common leading to a high rate of withdrawal.
We included 13 randomised controlled trials with a total of 16,112 participants. Eleven trials recruited participants with a history of coronary heart disease, two trials recruited people with history of stroke, and one trial recruited people who had a mix of people with CVD. We found evidence for a protective effect of fibrates in preventing stroke, non-fatal myocardial infarction (MI), and vascular death (risk ratio (RR) 088, 95% confidence interval (CI) 083 to 094; studies = 12; I2 = 45%, fixed effect). Fibrates were moderately effective for preventing MI occurrence (RR 086, 95%, 95% CI 0.80 to 0.93; 10 studies = 13,942, fixed effect), but were not effective against all-cause mortality, death from vascular causes, and stroke events. Excluding clofibrate trials, as the drug was discontinued in 2002 due to safety concerns, the remaining class of drugs (clofibrates) were no longer effective in preventing the primary composite outcome. However, fibrate data were not included in the analyses. There was no increase in adverse events with fibrats compared to control. We judged overall risk of bias to be moderate.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials involving 3285 healthy women at low risk of excessive bleeding undergoing elective CS (nine trials, 2453 participants) or spontaneous birth (three trials, 832 participants) satisfied the inclusion criteria and contributed data to the analysis. All participants received routine prophylactic uterotonics in accordance with the local guideline in addition to TA or placebo or no intervention. The evidence is current to May 2016. The quality of the evidence was moderate for blood loss greater than 400 mL or 500 mL, and more than 1000 mL, in women who received TA versus placebo (six trials, 1398 participants) and no intervention (2093 participants), respectively. TA was effective in decreasing the incidence of blood loss over 1000 mL (four trials, 1534 participants) but not vaginal birth (two trials, 559 participants). The effect of TA on blood loss was more pronounced in the group of women having vaginal birth than in women having CS. Mean blood loss (from delivery until two hours postpartum) was lower in women receiving TA compared with placebo (five trials, 1186 participants), and this effect was similar following vaginal birth and CS. Additional medical interventions (moderate quality evidence) and blood transfusions were less frequent (low quality evidence). Mild side effects such as nausea, vomiting, dizziness were more common with the use of TA. There is not enough evidence to draw conclusions about serious side effects, but there is an increase in the number of minor side effects with the addition of TA to the usual uterotonic medications. The effect on maternal mortality, severe morbidity and thromboembolic events is uncertain. The number of thrombotic events and deaths is uncertain and the use in high-risk women should be investigated further. Overall, included studies had moderate risk of bias for random sequence generation, allocation concealment, blinding, selective reporting and incomplete data.
We found 12 studies (2494 participants: 1586 children and 908 elderly) comparing amantadine with placebo, paracetamol (one trial: 69 children) or zanamivir (two trials: 545 elderly) to treat influenza A in children and the elderly to prevent, treat and shorten the duration of influenza A. The evidence was up to date as of May 2016. We found no evidence of adverse effects caused by treatment with any of the drugs. The quality of the evidence was low and the safety of the drug was not well established. We did not find any studies assessing the use of rimantadines in the elderly. The results of this review do not indicate that the drugs used in the studies were effective in preventing, treating and shortening the length of the illness.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1512 women. Most of these studies included women with unexplained infertility. In seven studies the women were undergoing intrauterine insemination (IUI) and in two studies they were trying to conceive via sexual intercourse. Eight trials compared intentional endometrial injury with no injury/placebo procedure; of these two trials also compared intentional injury in the cycle prior to IUI with the same cycle as the IUI cycle. One trial compared higher vs. lower degree of intentional injury. We are uncertain whether intentional injury improves live birth/ongoing pregnancy as the quality of the evidence has been assessed as very low. When we restricted the analysis to only studies at low risk of bias the effect was imprecise and the evidence remained of very low quality. The average pain experienced by women undergoing intentional injury was 6/10 on a zero-10 visual analogue scale (VAS). However, only one study reported this outcome. This study did not report the primary outcome of pain during the procedure. There was no evidence of an effect on miscarriage, ectopic pregnancy or multiple pregnancy. No studies reported bleeding secondary to the procedure, however, we did not find any evidence of a difference in the number of women who had bleeding after the injury. The quality of evidence was very low due to the small numbers of women included in the studies and the small number of participants in each study. The evidence is current to May 2017.
We found four randomised controlled trials (3905 participants) that compared professional oral care versus usual oral care in nursing home residents. We did not pool the results from one study (N = 834 participants), which was stopped at interim analysis due to lack of a clear difference between groups. We were not able to determine whether professional care resulted in a lower incidence of pneumonia over an 18-month period (low-quality evidence) or a lower number of first episodes of pneumonia compared with usual care. We could not determine whether or not the number of deaths due to pneumonia was reduced when compared to usual care, and we were uncertain if or not there was a difference in all-cause mortality. Only one study measured adverse effects of the interventions. The study identified no serious events and 64 non-serious events, the most common of which were oral cavity disturbances (not defined) and dental staining. No studies evaluated oral care compared to no oral care. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. We found no high quality evidence to determine which oral care measures are most effective for reducing nursing home-acquired pneumonia. Further trials are needed to draw reliable conclusions.
We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 149 participants. These studies compared bismuth subsalicylate versus placebo, budesonide with or without cholestyramine and beclometasone dipropionate versus mesalazine. Budesonide (9 mg/day for 6 to 8 weeks) was significantly more effective than placebo for induction of clinical and histological response in patients with active lymphocytic colitis compared to 38% of placebo patients (2 studies; 57 participants; GRADE = low). Histological response was noted in 78% of budesonid patients compared to 33% of patients in the placebo group. There were no differences in clinical remission at 8 weeks and 12 months of treatment (GRADE = very low). Forty-six patients were enrolled in the trial studying beclmetasone dipsipionate (5 mg daily or 10 mg daily) compared with mesalizine (2.4 g/day) and mesalazine (4 g a day). Clinical response was seen in 85% of mesaliza group compared to 86% in the mesalaze plus cholestramine group. Forty-one patients were enrolling in the study assessing mesalazines (2 g/daily) versus mes alizines (4g/day). Clinical and histology responses were seen in 86% and 86% respectively in patients receiving mesalisons (2 and 4 g a daily). There was no difference in clinical or histological responses in patients treated with bizetal tablets (nine 262 mg tablets daily for 8 weeks versus placebo). There were not enough data to be able to draw any conclusions about side effects. Adverse events reported in the budesonides studies include nausea, vomiting, neck pain, abdominal pain, headache, hyperhidrosis and headache. Nausea and skin rash were reported as side effects in the Mesalazine study. No side effects were reported for the bisetal tablet study. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The quality of the evidence was low to very low due to the small number of participants in the studies and the lack of blinding of the participants. The study which compared bisto-sublactone versus placebo was judged as low quality due to a very small sample size and limited data. The other 3 studies were judged to be at low risk of bias due to low numbers of participants.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials with a total of 3259 participants with type 2 diabetes who were randomly allocated to receive SMBG or SMUG (self-monitoring with a reflectance meter) or no monitoring. The duration of the studies ranged from 6 months (26 weeks) to 12 months (52 weeks). Nine trials compared SMBG with usual care without monitoring, one trial compared SMUG with SMUG, one study was a three-armed trial comparing SMBG and SMUG versus usual care and one study compared less intensive SMBG versus a control group. Seven out of 11 studies had a low risk of bias for most indicators. Meta-analysis of studies including patients with a diabetes duration of one year or more showed a statistically significant SMBG induced decrease in HbA1c at up to six months follow-up (2324 participants, nine trials), yet an overall statistically non-significant decrease was seen at 12 month follow up (493 participants, two trials). Qualitative analysis of the effect of SMBG on well-being and quality of life showed no effect on patient satisfaction, general well and general health-related quality. There were few data on the effects on other outcomes and these effects were not statistically significant. None of the included studies reported data on morbidity. We conclude that when diabetes duration is over one year, there is no evidence that SMBG affects patient satisfaction or general well or general health. More research is needed to explore the psychological impact of the intervention and its impact on diabetes specific quality of lives, as well as the impact on hypoglycaemia and diabetic complications.
We found 11 studies involving 471 participants with AsPD. Eleven different psychological interventions were examined. Only two studies focused solely on an AsPD sample. Compared to the control condition, cognitive behaviour therapy (CBT) plus standard maintenance was superior for outpatients with cocaine dependence in one study, but CBT plus treatment as usual was not superior for men with recent verbal/physical violence in another. Contingency management plus maintenance was better than standard maintenance for drug misuse but not in another, possibly because of differences in the behavioural intervention. However, contingency management was superior in social functioning and counselling session attendance in the latter. A multi-component intervention utilising motivational interviewing principles, the ‘Driving Whilst Intoxicated program’, plus incarceration was superior to incarceration alone for imprisoned drink-driving offenders. No study reported significant change in any specific antisocial behaviour. There is insufficient evidence to justify using any psychological intervention for adults with AsPD.
This updated review included 11 studies with 1047 participants. Six studies contributed to one or more analyses related to the common cold, with up to 1047 people, and five studies compared antibiotics with a placebo (dummy treatment). One study contributed only to data on adverse events and one met the inclusion criteria but reported only summary statistics without providing any numerical data that could be included in the meta-analyses. There was a moderate risk of bias because of unreported methods details or because an unknown number of participants were likely to have chest or sinus infections. There is no evidence of benefit from antibiotics for common cold or for persisting acute purulent rhinitis in children or adults. However, there is evidence that antibiotics cause significant adverse effects in adults and in all ages when given for acute purinitis. Routine use of antibiotics for these conditions is not recommended.
We included five randomised controlled trials (162 participants) in this review. We did not perform a meta-analysis due to heterogeneity of participants' characteristics and interventions. Participants' ages ranged from 12 to 77 years; only two participants were younger than 15 years. Mean PASI score at baseline varied from 5.7 (i.e. mild) to 23 in four studies. Twenty-three of 162 participants had streptococcus-positive throat swab culture. One trial (N = 43) compared penicillin (50,000 international units (IU)/kg/day in three doses) versus erythromycin (250 mg four times per day) versus no treatment (treatment for 14 days, with six-week follow-up from start of treatment). Adverse events and the proportion of participants achieving clear or almost clear skin were not measured. We found only five trials with 162 participants, which assessed the effects of five comparisons (systemic antibiotic treatment (penicillin, rifampicin, azithromycin, vitamin C) versus placebo (four-day treatment duration; six weeks of treatment, with eight-week followed-up). At six weeks (short-term) follow up, no adverse events were observed in either group, and there was no statistically significant difference between the two groups in the percentage of participants with clear or clear skin (risk ratio (RR) 2.00, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.68 to 5.85). There was no difference in the number of participants who experienced nausea and mild abdominal upset in the vitamin C group (10 out of 30 had nausea and abdominal upset), but not in the placebo group. The proportion of people who achieved clear or very clear skin was not measured in any of the trials. One study (20 participants) compared the use of antibiotics (1.6 MU (million units) intramuscularly once a day) with no treatment compared with placebo (six weeks) compared with six to eight weeks (longer treatment duration), with eight to 24-month follow up after surgery. One participant in the tonsillectomy group had minor bleeding. At eight weeks, 1/15 participants had a clear skin score of 90, and 0/14 in the no treatment group achieved 90; and 3/15 had clear skin scores of 75, and 1/14 achieved 75, at six weeks, at eight weeks. We are very uncertain about the results presented. We rated the quality of the results as very low, due to high risk of bias (absence of blinding of participants and caregivers, and imprecision (single study data with a low number of events).
We identified 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 933 participants with MS. Eleven trials tested vitamin D₃, and one trial tested placebo (dummy) vitamin D. Vitamin D was compared with placebo in four of the trials, and in one trial with no vitamin D in the placebo group. The participants were randomised to receive either vitamin D or a placebo, with 464 participants receiving vitamin D compared with 469 participants receiving placebo. The results of this review suggest that vitamin D appears to have no effect on recurrence of relapse, worsening of disability measured by the Expanded Disability Status Scale (EDSS), and MRI gadolinium-enhancing T1 lesions at 52 weeks' follow-up (very low-quality evidence according to GRADE). Vitamin D did not increase the risk of serious adverse effects within a range of 26 to 52 weeks of treatment, or minor adverse effects, or fatigue. Three studies reported health-related quality of life (HRQOL) using different HRQOL scales. One study reported improved ratings on the psychological and social components of the HRQol scale but had no effects on the physical components. Two studies found no effect of vitamin D on fatigue using different scales. The other study (71 participants) did not find any effect on fatigue at 96 weeks. Seven studies reported on cytokine levels, four on T-lymphocyte proliferation and one on matrix metalloproteinase levels, with no consistent pattern of change in these immunological outcomes. The randomised trials included in this review provided no data on time to first treated relapse, number of participants requiring hospitalisation owing to progression of the disease, proportion of participants who remained relapse-free, cognitive function, or psychological symptoms. The quality of the evidence was very low or very low, meaning that we have very little confidence in the results.
We found 62 randomised controlled trials with 4241 participants. Thirty-six studies used a cross-over design ranging from one to 15 days, with the greatest number (11) for seven days for each arm of the trial. Fifteen studies compared oral morphine modified release (Mm/r) preparations with morphine immediate release preparations (MIR). Fourteen studies used different strengths of morphine in different strengths; six of these included 24-hour modified release products. Six studies compared MIR with other opioids. Two studies compared rectal morphine with MIR by a different route of administration. One study was found comparing each of the following: oral morphine tablet with oral morphine suspension; oral morphine with non-opioids; MIR versus other opioids; and oral morphine compared with epidural morphine. Pain relief did not differ between oral morphine and MIR. A small number of participants did not achieve adequate pain relief with morphine. Only a few studies reported how many people had good pain relief, but where it was reported, over 90% had no worse than mild pain within a reasonably short time period. Where results were reported for individual participants in 17 studies, 'no worse than moderate pain' was achieved by 96% of participants (362/377), and an outcome equivalent to treatment success in 63% (400/638). Morphine is an effective analgesic for cancer pain. The effectiveness of oral morphine has stood the test of time, but the randomised trial literature for morphine is small given the importance of this medicine. The quality of the evidence is generally poor. Studies are old, often small, and were largely carried out for registration purposes and therefore were only designed to show equivalence between different formulations of morphine. Most trials recruited fewer than 100 participants and did not provide appropriate data for meta-analysis. It was not clear if these trials were sufficiently powered to detect any clinical differences between formulations or comparator drugs.
We found 14 randomised controlled trials with a total of 1260 participants, with 1361 trigger fingers. The age of participants ranged from 16 to 88 years; and the majority of participants were women (approximately 70%). The average duration of symptoms ranged from three to 15 months, and the follow-up after the procedure ranged from eight weeks to 23 months. The studies reported nine types of comparisons: open surgery versus steroid injections (two studies), percutaneous surgery plus steroid injection (five studies), open surgery plus ultrasound-guided hyaluronic acid injection (one study); percutaneously inserted surgery versus open surgery (five) and endoscopic surgery (one); and three comparisons of types of incision (transverse incision of the skin in the distal palmar crease, transverse and longitudinal incision in the skin about 2–3 mm distally from the skin) (one). Most studies had significant methodological flaws and were considered at high or unclear risk of selection bias, performance bias, detection bias and reporting bias. The primary comparison was between open surgery and steroid injections, because open surgery is the oldest and the most widely used treatment method and considered as standard surgery, whereas steroid injection is the least invasive control treatment method as reported in the studies in this review and is often used as first-line treatment in clinical practice. Based on two trials (270 participants) from six up to 12 months, 50/130 (or 385 per 1000) individuals had recurrence of trigger finger in the steroid injection group compared with 8/140 (or 65 per 1000; range 35 to 127) in the open surgery group, for an absolute risk difference that 29% fewer people had re-recurrence of symptoms (60% fewer to 3% more individuals); relative change translates to improvement of 83% (67% to 91% better). At one week, 9/49 (184 per 1000 people had pain on the palm of the hand compared with 38/56 (or 678 per 1000), ranging from 366 to 1000; ranging from 678 to 1000) with open surgery, for a difference of 269% (585% to 99% worse). We are uncertain whether open surgery increased the risk of adverse events (incidence of infection, tendon injury, flare, cutaneous discomfort and fat necrosis) when compared with steroid injection. The quality of the evidence was very low due to study design flaws, inconsistency and imprecision.
Three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 931 participants were included in this review. The studies tested different neoadjuvant treatments: RT alone; sequential RT and procarbazine, lomustine and vincristine (PCV) chemotherapy; PCV chemotherapy alone; and temozolomide chemotherapy alone. None of the studies blinded participants or personnel, and, therefore, are considered at high risk of bias. One study, the European Organisation for Research and Treatment of Cancer (EORTC) trial, demonstrated a statistically significant overall survival (OS) benefit for RT plus PCV, with a median OS of 3.5 years compared with 2.6 years in the RT alone arm (P value = 0.018). This result was reported 10 years after the conclusion of the enrolment, and was not apparent in the original 2008 Cochrane review. Furthermore, with retrospective evaluation of biomarkers, codeletion of complete chromosome arms 1p and 19q and IDH-1 or -2 mutation were independent prognostic factors for OS in two of the RCTs (Radiation Therapy Oncology Group (RTOG) and EORTC). The third trial (NOA-04) evaluated these biomarkers prospectively and found them prognostic for progression-free survival. However, PCV was associated with significant grade 3 and 4 toxicities, and whether PCV can be substituted for this remains unclear.
We included five studies with 240 children aged one to 18 years with mild to moderate OSA (AHI 1 to 30 per hour). All trials were performed in specialised sleep medicine clinics at tertiary care centres. Follow-up time ranged from six weeks to four months. Three studies (137) compared intranasal steroids against placebo; two studies (103) compared oral montelukast against placebo (n = 103). We excluded one trial from the meta-analysis since the patients were not analysed as randomised. We are uncertain about the difference in AHI (low-certainty evidence), desaturation index, and respiratory arousal index (moderate-certainity evidence) between children receiving intravenous corticosteroids compared to those in the placebo group (2 studies, 75 participants). We are also uncertain whether the secondary outcomes are different between the two groups (high- and low- certainty evidence). In contrast, we are uncertain whether there is any difference in the number of apnoeas, hypopnoea, or respiratory arousals during sleep (moderate certainty evidence), and nadir oxygen saturation (moderate and high certainty evidence, respectively) between the oral and the placebo groups (low certainty evidence) compared to children in the oral group. Children receiving oral montleukast had a lower AHI and a lower desaturation and a higher respiratory arousal and a low- to high-quality evidence of oxygen saturation when compared to the oral placebo group. Adverse events were assessed and reported in all trials and were rare, of minor nature (e.g. nasal bleeding), and evenly distributed between study groups. No study examined the avoidance of surgical treatment for OSA as an outcome. There is insufficient evidence for the efficacy of intravenous steroids for the treatment of OSA in children; they may have short-term beneficial effects on AHI, desaturation, respiratory arousal, and oxygen saturation but the certainty of the benefit on the primary outcome AHI is low due to imprecision of the estimates and heterogeneity between studies. The clinical relevance of the observed treatment effects remains unclear, however, because minimal clinically important differences are not yet established for polysomnography-based outcomes in children. Long-term efficacy and safety data are not available.
We included six studies with a total of 1291 children with CVCs. We found no significant effects of systemic treatments compared with no intervention in preventing (a)symptomatic VTE and no differences in adverse events (such as major and/or minor bleeding; none of the studies reported thrombocytopenia, heparin-induced thromboembolism (HIT), heparins with thrombus (HITT), death as a result of VTE, removal of CVC due to VTE or CVC-related infection, and post-thrombotic syndrome (PTS)) between experimental and control groups. However, this could be due to the low number of participants in the studies, which resulted in low power. In one CCT, which compared one systemic treatment with another systemic treatment, we found a significant reduction in symptomatic bleeding with the addition of LMWH to AT supplementation. We did not find a significant difference in the number of children with asymptomatic bleeding in the experimental group, as were 35/114 (30.7%) in the control group (best case scenario: RR 1.02, 95% confidence interval (CI 0.40 to 2.55) without bleeding complications). However, we did find significant differences between studies in the proportion of children who had bleeding complications, which could be because of the small number of included participants. One study provided information on bleeding episodes: One participant developed an ischaemo-haemorrhagic stroke. None of the included studies reported other adverse events: None occurred.
This review identified three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared CSFD with a combination of CSFD and intrathecal papaverine for the repair of aneurysm surgery in 287 participants. In the first trial of 98 participants, neurological deficits in the lower extremities occurred in 14 (30%) of the CSFD group and 17 (33%) controls. The deficit was observed within 24 hours of the operation in 21 (68%) and from three to 22 days in 10 (32%) participants. CSFD did not have a significant benefit in preventing ischaemic injury to the spinal cord. The second trial of 33 participants, which used CSFD in combination with the combination of the two drugs, showed a statistically significant reduction in the rate of postoperative neurological deficit (P = 0.039), compared to controls. Analysis was undertaken after only one third of the estimated sample size had entered the trial. The third trial of 145 participants performed TAAA repair was performed on 145 participants. The CSFD was initiated during the operation and continued for 48 hours after surgery. Paraplegia or paraparesis occurred in 9 of 74 participants (12.2%) in the control group versus 2 of 82 participants (2.7%) receiving CSFD. Overall, CSFD resulted in an 80% reduction in postoperative deficits. Meta-analysis showed an odds ratio (OR) of 0.48 (95 % confidence interval (CI) 0.25 to 0.92). For CSFD-only trials, OR was 0.57 (95% CI 0.28 to 1.17) and for intention-to-treat analysis in CSFD only studies, the OR remained unchanged. There are limited data supporting the role of CSDFs in thoracic and thoracoabdominal surgery for prevention of neurological injury. Further clinical and experimental studies are indicated.
We included 13 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 662 participants. We found that NB-UVB is ineffective for Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) 75 (which means equal to or more than 75% reduction in PASI score), Withdrawal due to side-effects, and Clearance rate. We did not find a difference in the clearance rate between oral PUVA and oral PUVB in people with CPP. However, the clearance rates were inconsistent because in one study, there was no difference between the groups in terms of clearance rate, and in the other two studies, there were differences in clearance rates between oral and topical PUVA. Pooled data from these three studies indicated that withdrawals due to adverse events were not significantly different between either group (low quality). The evidence from the comparison of NB- UVB with bath PUVA for CPP was also inconsistent: Pooled results from two left-right body comparison RCTs found no significant difference between left- and right-body PUVA groups. In participants with PPP, one RCT found there were no significant differences between NB and PUVA treated sides and topical and vaginal PUVA treated sides. Two other studies found similar results for NB versus PUVA plus retinoid (re-PUVA) and re-PUVA versus retinoids (retinoids) plus PUVA, but the evidence was of low quality. One study found no differences in the number of people who withdrew from the studies due to any adverse events between the two groups. The quality of the evidence regarding NB versus vaginal PUVA was low because of the small number of participants in the studies and because the results were not consistent. The evidence was also of low or very low quality due to the small numbers of participants included in the included studies.
We found 21 studies with a total of 1525 participants. One small trial showed that biofeedback plus exercises was better than exercises alone (RR for failing to achieve full continence 0.70, 95% CI 0.52 to 0.94). There was not enough evidence as to whether there was a difference in outcome between any method of treatment. The combined data of two trials showed that the number of people who failed to achieve a full or near-full continence was significantly lower when electrical stimulation was added to biofeedby compared against biofeed back alone. Sacral nerve stimulation was better at reducing incontinence than conservative management which included a combination of sphincter exercises and PFMT (at 12 months) (MD 6.30 compared with 10.34 with PFMT). There were no differences between the two types of exercises. There are suggestions that rectal volume discrimination training improves continence more than sham training. Exercises appear to be less effective than an implanted sacral nerve stimulator. The limited number of identified trials together with the methodological weaknesses of many do not allow a definitive assessment of the role of exercises and exercises in the management of people with faeces. Larger well-designed trials are needed to enable safe conclusions.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared the use of a catheter versus not using one after surgery. We found 39 randomised trials that met our inclusion criteria. They were generally small and of poor or moderate quality reporting data on only few outcomes. The data from five trials were heterogeneous but tended to indicate a higher risk of (re)catheterisation (removal of the catheter) after surgery if a catheters were not used postoperatively. In six trials, a greater number of people needed to be recatheterised if a urethral catheter rather than a suprapubic one was used following surgery. Shorter postoperative duration of catheter use versus longer duration  In 11 trials, the seven trials with data suggested fewer urinary tract infections when catheter was removed earlier (for example 1 versus 3 days) with no pattern in respect to catheterisation. Clamp-and-release policies before catheter removal versus immediate removal  In a single small trial, the clamp- and-release group showed a significantly greater incidence of urinary tract infection and a delay in return to normal voiding. We were unable to draw any conclusions because of the small number of trials and small numbers of participants.
The evidence is current to May 2016. We included 10 studies with 3340 participants. Seven studies compared aripiprazole with placebo (a pretend treatment) (2239 participants) and two studies used lithium (485 participants) versus haloperidol (480 participants). Two studies compared the drug to valproate or lithium versus placebo as an adjunctive treatment (754 participants), and one study compared the same drug to haloperidine (347 participants). The overall risk of bias was unclear. A high dropout rate from most trials (> 20% for each intervention in eight of the trials) may have affected the estimates of relative efficacy. The evidence is up to date as of May 2015. The results of this review are current to April 2016. Evidence from seven of the 10 studies showed that people with mania were more likely to reduce their manic symptoms at three and four weeks, but not at six weeks (moderate quality evidence) or at any other time point up to and including 12 weeks (high quality evidence). However, people who were treated with the drug had more movement disorders, such as nausea and constipation, and more children/adolescents had a prolactin level in their urine that fell below the lower limit of normal. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high for the other side effects of the drugs used in the studies. The overall quality of evidence was low or very low because of the small number of studies and small numbers of participants.
We found two randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and one controlled trial (CCT) evaluating the effect of antibiotic lock treatments in children with cancer. We found no evidence of significant difference in the number of participants cured, number of recurrent CVC-related infections, the number days until the first negative blood culture, or number of CVCs prematurely removed, ICU admission and sepsis. No adverse events occurred in the five publications of cohort studies (one cohort was included in two publications) assessing this outcome; CVC malfunctioning occurred in three out of five publications. No significant effect of urokinase or ethanol lock in addition to systemic antibiotics was found. However, this could be due to low power or a too-short follow-up. The cohort studies identified no adverse events; some cohort studies reported malfunctioning. No RCTs or CCTs were published on antibiotic lock treatment alone. All studies had methodological limitations and clinical heterogeneity between studies was present.
We found 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 348 participants. Three TPE themes emerged. Advice to activate: There is moderate quality evidence (one trial, 348 participants) that an educational video of advice focusing on activation was more beneficial for acute whiplash-related pain when compared with no treatment at intermediate-term but not long-term follow-up. There is low quality evidence from one trial, 102 participants, that advice to activate is less beneficial for pain reduction, or no different in improving function and global perceived improvement from generic information given out in emergency care (control). Advice focusing on pain & stress coping skills and workplace ergonomics: Very low to very low-quality evidence (three trials, 243 participants) favoured other treatment or showed no difference in pain relief or function, or both, over a long period of time. Specific exercise training for chronic neck pain did not relieve pain. Self-care strategies: One trial, 58 participants, showed no effect on pain relief for acute to chronic pain at short-term or long term follow-ups. Advice on stress-coping skills, workplace ergonomic skills, self-care and self-help strategies did not reduce pain for acute or chronic pain. With the exception of one small trial, this review has not shown effectiveness for educational interventions, including advice to activation, advice on pain and stress coping, and advice on stress and work environment. Future research should be founded on sound adult learning theory and learning skill acquisition.
We found 49 studies and pieces of literature that met the same population, intervention and outcome criteria as the Cochrane review, but identified from the broader literature providing evidence on policy implementation and consumer experiences, and which formed the basis of a thematic synthesis, which is presented in appendices to this review. We found insufficient evidence to determine the effects of interventions to notify people at CJD or vCJD risk and to support them subsequently, or to identify the best approach to communication in these situations. The results of this review can be used to inform policy and practice decisions for communicating with people at risk in the absence of rigorous evaluative studies. We suggest that communication may be considered as a longitudinal multicomponent programme, ensuring that notification and support are coordinated; that communication is tailored and responsive to need; and that activities to support individual risk communication, such as widespread education and monitoring of access to health care for those at risk, are in place. We also suggest that poor communication practices may have negative impacts or cause harm.
We included one randomised clinical trial (N = 304 randomised; 204 completed; 276 analysed) that evaluated opioids (prolonged release oxycodone/naloxone) versus placebo. After 12 weeks, RLS symptoms had improved more in the drug group than in the placebo group (using the IRLSSS: MD -7.0; 95% CI -9.69 to -4.31 and the CGI:MD -1.11). More patients in the drugs group were drug responders (drugs worked better than placebo) and the proportion of remitters (remitters are people who respond to a drug) was greater in the painkiller group. Quality of life scores also improved more with opioids than with placebo (MD -0.73; 95%) and quality of sleep was improved by sleep adequacy and sleep quantity (MD 0.89; 95%). There was no difference between groups for daytime somnolence, trouble staying awake during the day, or naps. More adverse events were reported with opioids. The major side effects were gastrointestinal problems, fatigue, and headache. Opioids seem to be effective for treating RLS, but there are no definitive data regarding the important problem of safety. This conclusion is based on only one study with a high dropout rate (low quality evidence).
This review included 15 randomised controlled trials involving 1022 adults with fractures of the distal radius in adults. All trials compared external fixation versus plaster cast immobilisation. There was insufficient evidence to confirm a superior overall functional or clinical result for the external fixation group. External fixation was associated with a high number of complications, such as pin-track infection, but many of these were minor. Probably, some complications could have been avoided using a different surgical technique for pin insertion. There is some evidence to support the use of external fixation for dorsally displaced fractures in adults with distal radial fractures. There were no significant differences between the two groups in serious complications such as reflex sympathetic dystropy. However, external fixation reduces redisplacement, gives improved anatomical results and most of the excess surgically-related complications are minor.
We found five randomised controlled trials (1127 participants) that compared early removal of ureteric stents with late removal of stents following kidney transplantation. It is uncertain whether early stent removal improved the incidence of MUC (low certainty evidence). The incidence of UTI may be reduced in the early group (5 studies, 1127 participants). This possible reduction in the UTI incidence was only apparent if a BI stent was used, (3 studies, 539 participants). However, if an externalised PU stent is used there was no discernible difference in the incidence between the early and late group (2 studies). Data on health economics and quality of life outcomes were lacking. The quality of the included studies was low or unclear; they addressed the research question and utilised a prospective randomised design.
We found five studies that compared crowns with fillings. Two studies compared PMCs (fitted using the Hall Technique) with non-restorative caries treatment. One study compared two different types of crowns: PMCs versus aesthetic stainless steel crowns (stainless steel with white veneers). No studies compared different methods of fitting preformed metal crowns. There was moderate quality evidence that the risk of major failure was lower in the crowns group in the long term compared to the fillings group. Similarly, pain was lower for the crown group. Discomfort associated with the procedure was less for crowns fitted with the Hall technique than for fillings (moderate quality evidence). It is uncertain whether there is a clinically important difference in gingival bleeding when using crowns rather than fillings, either in the short term (less than 12 months) or long term (12 months or more). Some of our outcomes of interest were not measured in the studies: time to restoration failure or retreatment, patient satisfaction and costs. The quality of the evidence was very low.
We found 28 studies (involving 788 children and adults with CF. These studies compared PEP to ACBT, autogenic drainage (AD), oral oscillating PEP devices, high-frequency chest wall oscillation (HFCWO) and BiPaP and exercise. In 22 of the 28 studies the PEP technique was performed using a mask, in three of the studies a mouthpiece was used with nose clips and in three studies it was unclear whether a mask or mouthpiece were used. Most studies were cross-over in design and data were not published in sufficient detail in most of these studies to perform any meta-analysis. We found that there was a significant reduction in the number of respiratory exacerbations when PEP was compared with other methods of airway clearance (low- to moderate-quality evidence). However, long-term studies had equivocal or conflicting results regarding the effect on this outcome. There was a lower exacerbation rate in participants using PEP compared to other techniques when used with a mask for at least one year (five studies, 232 participants). In one of the included studies, it was reported (personal communication) that there were no differences between the two groups in terms of number of exacerbations (66 participants). People with CF who used PEP were less likely to have an exacerbation when they used a mask compared to those who did not (moderate- to high quality evidence). There was no difference in preference between PEP and other methods (low quality evidence) in favour of PEP. The results for the remaining outcome measures (including our third primary outcome of mucus clearance) were not examined or reported in enough detail for us to be able to draw any conclusions. The quality of the evidence provided by this review is of variable quality, but suggests that all techniques and devices described may have a place in the clinical treatment of people with CF in the future. It is important to note that these techniques should be individualised throughout life according to developmental stages, patient preferences, pulmonary symptoms and lung function. This also applies as conditions vary between baseline and daily life.
We found four studies involving 1485 participants with moderate to severe Crohn's disease. Most patients were adults over 18 years of age. All studies included active CD patients with CDAI ranging from 220 to 450. One study was identified as high risk of bias due to a non-identical placebo while the other studies were judged to be at low risk of biased. CZP (100 mg to 400 mg every 2 to 4 weeks) was shown to be superior to placebo for achieving clinical remission at week 8 (moderate certainty evidence). The raw numbers of participants achieving remission were 26.9% (225/835) and 19.8% (129/650) in the placebo groups, respectively. Serious adverse events were observed in 8.7% and 6.2% (40/650, respectively) of participants in the cephalopoietic acid (CZP) and placebo groups. Serious side effects included worsening Crohn’s disease, infections, and malignancy. It is uncertain whether the risk of serious side effects differs between the two groups as the 95% CI includes the possibility of a small decrease or doubling of events. The quality of the evidence was moderate for clinical remission and clinical response and moderate for adverse events. We judged the overall quality of evidence to be moderate.
The evidence is current to May 2016. We included 31 studies with a total of 23,762 participants with CKD. Of these, 16 studies were conducted in the general population but provided subgroup data for people with heart failure; and 81 studies included individuals with chronic heart failure, however, data for this subgroup were not provided. In total, 26 studies (19,612 participants) reported disaggregated and extractable data on at least one outcome of interest for our review and were included in our meta-analyses. Of the 31 studies (23,762 patients) with data on CKD patients, follow-up ranged from three months to five years, and study size ranged from 16 to 2916 participants. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2015. We found no evidence that any of the drugs were effective in improving heart failure or kidney function. We were uncertain about the effects of adenosine A1-receptor antagonists, dopamine, nesiritide, or serelaxin on death, hospitalisations, worsening heart failure and kidney function, hyperkalaemia, hypotension, and quality of life. The effects of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors (ACEi or ARB), aldosterone antagonists, and vasopressin receptor antagonists were uncertain due to sparse data or were not reported. Treatment with beta-blockers may reduce the risk of death (any cause) (4 studies, 3136 participants: moderate certainty evidence). Treatment with ACEi and ARB (2 studies, 1368 participants: very low certainty evidence) had uncertain effects on hospitalisation for heart failure as treatment estimates were consistent with either benefit or harm. Aldosterone antagonists (3 studies, 826 participants): Low certainty evidence. Aldosterone blockers may increase the risk for hypoxaemia compared to placebo or no treatment. We could not estimate whether treatment with sinus node inhibitors (2 study, 1840 participants: low certainty). We were not able to estimate the effect of sinus nodes inhibitors (4 study, 5003 participants): Very low certainty, low, moderate, or very low evidence. Renin inhibitors (two studies, 142 participants: Very low, very low, and low, certainty evidence): Low, moderate (very low) and very low (low, low) certainty evidence), and ald testosterone antagonists (two study, 34 participants: Low, very, low and low) were uncertain (very, low evidence): Very, very uncertain (low) evidence). Renin inhibitor (2 Study, 141 participants): High certainty evidence and low certainty (very very low) evidence. The effect of ACEi, ARB, or ald hormone antagonists on worsening heart function, low blood pressure, low kidney function and low blood oxygen levels, and high blood sugar levels were uncertain because of the small number of studies and low numbers of participants. There was not enough evidence to draw conclusions about the benefits and harms of anti-arrhythmic agents, digoxin, phosphodiesterase inhibitors, renin inhibitors, vasodilators, sinus block inhibitors, or vasopression receptor antagonists. The quality of the evidence was very low due to the paucity of studies. The risk of bias in all 112 studies was high or unclear.
This review is based on three studies involving a total of 1945 women where intravenous oxytocin was administered for induction or augmentation of labour. No serious complications were reported in the trials and no neonatal or maternal deaths occurred. There was insufficient evidence to recommend the use of one form of tocodynamometry over the other for women where the tocodynamic monitoring was used to induce labour. The results of this review showed no differences between the two types of monitoring (internal or external) for any of the maternal or neonatal outcomes. The pooled risk for instrumental delivery (including caesarean section, ventouse and forceps extraction) was not statistically significantly different (three studies, 1945). Hyperstimulation was reported in two studies (n = 489), but there was no statistically significant difference between groups (RR 1.21, 95% CI 0.78 to 1.88). Overall, risk of bias across the three trials was mixed.
We included two randomised controlled trials involving 54 participants with CVI. One study reported no difference between the exercise and control groups, whereas the second study reported a reduction in symptoms in the exercise group. The intensity of disease signs and symptoms was measured in both studies but using different scales; we were not able to pool the data. In one study, increases in change in ejection fraction compared with baseline, half venous refilling time (MD 4.20 seconds, 95% confidence interval (CI) 3.28 to 5.12; 23 participants; P < 0.00001) and total venous re-filling time were observed compared with the control group. There was no difference in quality of life or ankle range of motion. Although muscle strength assessed by dynamometry at slow speed did not differ between the two groups in this study, variable peak torque at fast speed was lower in the control groups. The incidence of venous leg ulcers, incidence of surgical intervention to treat symptoms related to CVI and exercise capacity were not assessed or reported in either of the included trials. We rated both included studies as at high risk of bias; hence, these data should be interpreted carefully. Due to the small number of studies and small sample size, we were unable to verify indirectness and publication bias. Therefore, we judged the overall quality of evidence as very low.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) comparing hyaluronan/hylan viscosupplements with placebo (saline or arthrocentesis) or nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) in people with OA of the knee. We also looked at the effects of other products, such as intra-articular (IA) corticosteroids (a type of painkiller) and other forms of active treatment for OA. We found a total of 76 trials with a median quality score of 3 (range 1 to 5). Follow-up periods varied between day of last injection and eighteen months. Forty trials included comparisons of the HA class of products versus NSAIDs, ten trials compared HA products with IA cortics, six trials compared haaluronans with IA steroids, three trials compared different forms of physical therapy (e.g. physical therapy, exercise, arthroscopy), two trials compared conventional treatment with conventional treatment, and fifteen trials compared the HA classes with each other. The results of the analyses supported the use of HA products in the treatment of knee OA, particularly at the 5 to 13 week post injection period. However, there are few randomised head-to-head comparisons of different HA products and readers should be cautious, therefore, in drawing conclusions regarding the relative value of different products. In general, few adverse events were reported in the trials included in these analyses. In some analyses, HA products were comparable in efficacy to NSAIDs and longer-term benefits were noted in comparisons against IA steroids. In other analyses HA products had more long-term effects than IA steroids and were comparable to IA steroids in some analyses. Overall, the analyses performed are positive for HA class and particularly positive for some products with respect to certain variables and timepoints such as pain on weight bearing at 5 to13 weeks postinjection. There were no major adverse events reported in any of the trials. The quality of the evidence was moderate to very low. The number of trials was too small to be able to draw any definitive conclusions about the safety of these products.
We found 10 randomised clinical trials (RCTs) with a total of 4052 participants. Four trials (1881 participants) compared misoprostol with placebo given in addition to conventional uterotonics. Two trials (1787 women) compared 800 mcg sublingual misopropol versus oxytocin infusion as primary PPH treatment; one trial included women who had received prophylactic uterotonic drugs, and the other did not. Adjunctive use of the drug (in the dose of 600 to 1000 mcg) did not provide additional benefit for our primary outcomes including maternal mortality (risk ratio (RR) 6.16, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.75 to 50.85), serious maternal morbidity (RR 0.01 to 8.31), admission to intensive care unit (ICU) or hysterectomy (HR 0.79, 95%, 95% CI 0.30 to 2.11) or both). Misoprostoid was associated with a significant increase in vomiting and shivering. The role of tranexamic acid and compression methods requires further evaluation. One study compared lower segment compression but was too small to assess impact on primary outcomes. We did not identify any trials evaluating surgical techniques or radiological interventions for women who fail to respond to uterotonic drugs and/or haemostatics.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing short-term N-acetylcysteine supplementation of cysteine-containing PN in preterm infants. We found six RCTs that met our inclusion criteria. The majority of patients in these trials were preterm. One large multicenter RCT evaluated the effects of long-term supplementation of PN with cysteines in extremely low birth weight infants (≤ 1000 grams). We found no evidence to support or refute the use of N- acetylcyteine supplementation in this group of infants. However, there is insufficient evidence to assess the risks of the supplementation, especially regarding metabolic acidosis, which has been reported during the first two weeks of cyteine chloride administration.
We found 77 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 6287 participants. Thirty-five trials included only participants with non-alcohol related steatohepatitis (NASH) (based on biopsy confirmation). Five trials included participants with diabetes mellitus; 14 trials included people without diabetes. The follow-up in the trials ranged from one month to 24 months. Forty-one trials (3829 participants) provided information for one or more outcomes. Antioxidants versus no intervention There was no mortality in either group (87 participants; 1 trial; very low quality evidence). None of the participants developed serious adverse events in the trial which reported the proportion of people with serious side effects (87). There was also no evidence of difference in the number of side effects between antioxidants and no intervention (2 trials; 254 participants). There were no differences in health-related quality of life (quality of life). Thiazolidinediones versus thiazolidine (74 participants; one trial) There was not enough evidence to show a difference in death or side effects in the two trials (194 participants; 2 trials) which reported this outcome. There were not enough data to show if there was a difference between thiazidine and no treatment (3 trials; 357 participants) or bile acids (4 trials; 404 participants; 3 trials) in the percentage of people who developed side effects. None of these studies were funded by pharmaceutical companies that would benefit, based on the results of the trial. Twelve trials did not receive any additional funding or were not funded by parties with no vested interest in the results. The source of funding was not provided in 39 trials. We are very uncertain about the effectiveness of pharmacological treatments for people with NAFLD including those with steato hepatitis. Further well-designed randomised clinical trials with sufficiently large sample sizes are necessary. The quality of the evidence was very low. Only one trial was at low risk of bias in all domains. All other trials were at high risk of systematic errors.
We found 15 randomised controlled trials with a total of 1282 participants with MCI who were followed up for at least one year. Follow-up ranged from less than one year to over four years for some participants, but in the majority of studies was in the range one to three years. The studies included in this review were of poor methodological quality. We were unable to combine the results of the included studies because of the small number of participants and the small size of the studies. We found that the accuracy of the CSF t-tau was evaluated in seven studies (291 cases and 418 non-cases). The sensitivity of the test ranged from 51% to 90% while the specificity values ranged from 48% to 88%. At the median specificity of 72%, the estimated sensitivity was 75% (95% CI 67 to 85), the positive likelihood ratio was 2.72 (95%) and the negative likelihood ratio of 0.32 (95%). Six studies (164 cases and 328 non- cases) evaluated the sensitivity and specificity of the p-Tau test. The sensitivities were between 40% and 100% and the specificities were between 22% and 86%. Five studies (140 cases and 293 non cases) assessed the accuracy and specificity were between 80% and 96%, and the sensitivity was between 33% and 95%. We did not conduct a meta-analysis because the studies were few and small. Only one study reported on the sensitivity of CSF test and the specificity was reported. We could not combine results from this study because the results were too different from each other. We also did not find any studies that looked at the sensitivity or specificity of these tests for other types of dementia, such as Alzheimer’s disease or other forms of dementia. These tests, like other biomarker tests which have been subject to Cochrane DTA reviews, appear to have better than specificity and therefore might have greater utility in ruling out Alzheimer's disease as the aetiology to the individual's evident cognitive impairment, as opposed to ruling it in. However, these tests may have limited clinical value until uncertainties have been addressed. Future studies with more uniformed approaches to thresholds, analysis and study conduct may provide a more homogenous estimate than the one that has been available from the studies we have identified.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 170 men undergoing radical robotic assisted laparoscopic radical prostatectomy (RALRP). The men were between 50 and 75 years of age and met criteria for American Society of Anesthesiologists physical classification scores (ASA) I, ll and III. All included participants were male and were undergoing RALRP. We found evidence that propofol reduces postoperative nausea and vomiting (PONV) over the short term (one to six hours after surgery) compared with inhalational anaesthesia (sevoflurane, desflurane) (MD -1.70, 95% CI -2.59 to -0.81; P = 0.0002). We found low-quality evidence suggesting that prophylactic anaesthesia may prevent an increase in intraocular pressure (IOP) after pneumoperitoneum and steep Trendelenburg positioning. However, it is unclear whether this surrogate outcome translates directly to clinical avoidance of ocular complications during surgery. No studies addressed the secondary outcomes of adverse effects, all-cause mortality, respiratory or circulatory complications, cognitive dysfunction, length of stay or costs. Overall the quality of evidence was low to very low, as all studies were small, single-centre trials providing unclear descriptions of methods. It is unclear which anaesthetic technique is superior - TIVA or inhalational - for transabdominal robotic assisted surgery in urology, gynaecology and gastroenterology, as existing evidence is scarce, is of low quality and has been generated from exclusively male patients undergoing robotic radical prostate surgery. An ongoing trial, which includes participants of both genders, might have an impact on future evidence related to this topic.
We found 14 studies with 1,601,515 women. Most studies found no causal associations between maternal exposure to topical corticosteroids of any potency and pregnancy outcomes when compared with no exposure. These outcomes included: mode of delivery, congenital abnormalities, including orofacial cleft or cleft palate and hypospadias (where the urethral opening is on the underside of the penis) (low quality evidence); and odds ratio (OR) 1.07, 95% CI 0.71 to 1.60, 1 case-control study, 56,557); low birth weight (very low quality evidence), preterm delivery, foetal death, and low Apgar score. Maternal use of mild to moderate potency topical steroids was associated with a decreased risk of death of the baby, but we did not observe this effect when potent to very potent topical steroids were given during pregnancy. The results from three of the individual studies in the meta-analysis indicated an increased risk of low birthweight in women who received potent or very potent steroids. We did not find a significant difference between the two groups of women in terms of the number of women who had low or very low birthweights. We found no evidence of a difference between women who were given mild or moderate doses of topical steroids compared with those who were not. The evidence is current to May 2017. We used the Grades of Recommendation, Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) Working Group approach to rate the overall quality of the evidence. We further downgraded the evidence because of imprecision in low birth weights and inconsistency in the results of the studies.
We found four randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 611 participants. These trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, India, and South Africa. One of the three smaller trials was a pilot study of the largest study: the Steroids for Corneal Ulcers Trial (SCUT). All trials compared the treatment of bacterial keratitis with topical corticosteroid and without topical Corticosteroids and had follow-up periods ranging from two months to one year. All trials reported data on visual acuity ranging from three weeks to three years, and none of them found any important difference between the corticoid group and the control group. Time to re-epithelialization in the steroid group was 53% slower than the placebo group after adjusting for baseline epithelial defect size (hazard ratio (HR) 0.47; 95% confidence interval (CI) 023 to 0.94). However, the SCUT did not find any important differences in the time taken for the corneal ulcers to heal. For adverse events, none of the small trials found any differences between the two treatment groups. One trial reported quality of life and concluded that there was no difference in the two groups (data not available). We found no reports regarding economic outcomes. Although the four trials were generally of good methodological design, all trials had considerable losses to follow up (10% or more) in the final analyses. Further, three of the trials were underpowered to detect treatment effect differences between groups and inconsistency in outcome measurements precluded meta-analyses for most outcomes relevant to this review. There is inadequate evidence as to the effectiveness and safety of adjunctive topical cortiosteroids compared with no topical cortaosteroids in improving vision acuity, infiltrate/scar size, or adverse events among participants with bacteria-related corneas.
We included four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 450 participants. Data on functional outcome and death at end of follow-up were available for 443 participants from three trials. Compared with intravenous thrombolytic therapy, percutaneous vascular intervention did not improve the proportion of participants with good functional outcome (modified Rankin Scale score 0 to 2, risk ratio (RR) 1.01, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.82 to 1.25, P = 0.92). The quality of evidence was low (outcome assessment was blinded, but not the treating physician or participants). There was a non-significant increase in the number of participants who died at the end of the trial. There was no difference in the percentage of people with symptomatic intracranial haemorrhages between the intervention and control groups. Data were not available for seven participants from one trial; we considered this inadequate for statistical analyses. We found no evidence from RCTs that percutaneously inserted devices are superior to intravenous devices for the treatment of ischaemic stroke. We rated the quality of the evidence as low. New trials with adequate sample sizes are warranted because of the rapid development of new techniques and devices for such interventions.
We found one randomised controlled trial, involving 120 families and 143 children. The study was funded by the National Institute of Health Research (NIHR) and the National Research Council (NRC). The study compared the effects of centre-based day care for children younger than five years of age and their families in high-income countries compared with no day care (care at home) for children from low-income families. We found no evidence to suggest that day care, rather than no treatment, improved or worsened children's cognitive ability (Griffiths Mental Development Scale, standardised mean difference (SMD) 0.34, 95% confidence interval (CI) -0.01 to 0.69, 127 participants, very low-quality evidence) or psychosocial development (parental report of abnormal development, risk ratio (RR) 1.21 (95% CI 0.25 to 5.78, 137 participants) or maternal hours per week in paid employment, or household income above £200 per week). No other measures of child intellectual or psychological development were reported in the included study. Moreover, no evidence indicated that day-care services were better or worse than care at home for parents, as measured by the number of mothers in full-time or part-time employment and maternal hours of paid employment. This study did not report on long-term outcomes for children (high-school completion or income). This review includes one trial that provides inconclusive evidence as to whether day care is better for children in low- and middle-income communities. The quality of the evidence was very low or very low because of the small number of participants in the study and the small size of the study.
In total, 126 reports describing 30 scoring indices were identified through the screening process. Eleven of these indices have undergone some form of index validation. The Nancy Index and the Robarts Histopathology Index have undergone the most validation in that four operating properties including reliability, content validity, construct validity (hypothesis testing) and criterion validity have been tested. However, none of the currently available histologic scoring indices have been fully validated. In order to determine the optimal endpoint for histologic healing in UC, more research is required.
We included three randomised controlled trials that evaluated intramedullary nailing versus plating in 213 participants, with useable data from 173 participants of whom 112 were male. The mean age of participants in individual studies ranged from 41 to 44 years. There were no trials comparing surgery with non-surgical treatment. The three included trials were at high risk of performance bias, with one trial also being at risk of selection, detection and attrition bias. Overall, the quality of available evidence was rated as very low, meaning that we are very unsure about the estimates for all outcomes. Although the pooled results of three different measures of foot and ankle function indicated a small difference in favour of nailing, the results of individual trials indicated that this was very unlikely to be a clinically important difference. Pooled data (173 participants, 3 trials) for the need for reoperation or substantive physiotherapy for adverse events favoured nailing (4/90 versus 10/83), but included the possibility of a better outcome after plating. Based on an illustrative risk of 100 re-operations for adverse outcomes within one year of plate fixation in 1000 people with these fractures, 63 fewer (95% CI 88 fewer to 12 more) people per 1000 would have to have a re-operation after nailing. Similarly pooled data for the symptomatic nonunion or malunion, wound complications and fracture union favoured the use of plating but the 95% confidence intervals crossed the line of no effect and thus included a possible difference in the results. Evidence from one trial (85 participants) showed no difference in pain between the two groups. The available evidence, which is of very low quality, found no clinically important differences in function or pain between nailing and plating, and did not confirm a difference in risk of complications between plate fixation and plate fixation. The addition of evidence from two ongoing trials should inform this question in future updates. Further randomised trials are warranted on other issues, but should be preceded by research to identify priority questions.
We included 11 studies involving 38,742 participants. Eight studies compared BPLD versus placebo or no treatment (35,110 participants), and three studies compared different systolic blood pressure targets (3632 participants). The risk of bias varied greatly between included studies. The pooled risk ratio (RR) of BPLDs for recurrent stroke was 0.81 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.70 to 0.93), for major vascular event 0.90 (95%) and for dementia 0.88 (95%). We mainly observed a reduced risk of recurrent stroke in the subgroup of participants using an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor or a diuretic (I2 statistic for subgroup differences 72.1%; P = 0.006). The pooled RR of intensive blood pressure-lowering for recurrent and major vascular events 0.80 (95%), and 0.58 (95) respectively. Our results support the use of B PLDs in people with stroke or TIA for reducing the risk of a recurrent stroke. Current evidence is primarily derived from trials studying an ACE inhibitor or an ACE tablet. No definite conclusions can be drawn from current evidence regarding an optimal blood pressure target after stroke or a TIA.
The evidence is current to January 2016. We found four studies with a total of five hundred nineteen men. Three studies used non-glucosidic B-sitosterols and one study used a preparation that contained 100% B-Sitosterol. The results of these studies were inconclusive. The evidence suggests that men treated with B- sitosterols improve urinary symptoms and urine flow measures. However, their long term effectiveness, safety and ability to prevent BPH complications are not known. Withdrawal rates were 7.8% and 8.0%, respectively.
We found 26 trials comparing salmeterol to placebo and eight trials comparing with salbutamol. These included 62,815 participants with asthma (including 2,599 children). In six trials (2,766 patients), no serious adverse event data could be obtained. There is insufficient evidence to assess whether the risk in children is higher or lower than in adults. We found no significant increase in fatal or non-fatal serious adverse events when regular salmetol was compared with placebo. However, there was an increase in the risk of asthma-related death in patients who were not taking inhaled corticosteroids compared to those who were. There was also a clear increase in risk of death due to asthma in patients not using inhaled steroids in the two large surveillance studies. Although the number of deaths was smaller in the inhaled steroid group compared to the placebo group, we cannot be sure that the use of an inhaled inhaled drug reduces the risks of asthma. The number of children with asthma was too small to be sure of the effects of regular salmeteroid in children.
This review found no evidence from controlled clinical trials that postnatal thyroid hormone treatment reduces the severity of respiratory distress syndrome, neonatal morbidity or mortality in preterm infants.
We included 38 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1828 participants. Eight RCTs had a low risk of bias in the assessment of mortality. All trials had a high risk for the remaining outcomes. We found evidence that non-absorbable disaccharides may be associated with a beneficial effect on clinically relevant outcomes compared with placebo/no intervention. The evidence is current to May 2015. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The analyses found evidence of beneficial effects on hepatic encephalopathy, liver failure, hepatorenal syndrome, and variceal bleeding. We also found no differences between lactulose and lactitol for quality of life, but we were not able to include the data in an overall meta-analysis (very low quality evidence). We found no evidence of differences in the number of deaths or serious adverse events associated with the underlying liver disease. We did not find any differences between the different types of lactulosaccharide. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to very low.
The evidence is current to January 2019. We found 65 studies (involving 3598 participants) that compared bisphosphonate, vitamin D compounds, teriparatide, denosumab, cinacalcet, parathyroidectomy, and calcitonin in children and adolescents who received kidney transplantation. The studies were randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a mean age of 12 years. The average follow-up period of the studies was 12 months. Studies were not designed to measure treatment effects on fracture, death, myocardial infarction or stroke, or graft loss. The results of this review are up to date as of February 2019. There was insufficient evidence to determine whether bone treatment reduced fracture and bone pain after kidney transplant. It is uncertain whether any other drug class decreased fracture (low or very low certainty evidence). It was uncertain whether interventions for bone disease in kidney transplant patients reduced all-cause or cardiovascular death, heart attack, stroke, and graft loss (very low or low quality evidence). There was not enough evidence to say whether vitamin D treatments had any effect on skeletal, cardiovascular, or transplant function outcomes. The quality of the evidence was very low or very uncertain. The evidence for the benefits and harms of all other treatments was of very low to very low quality.
Four trials involving 317 people met the inclusion criteria. Three trials studied oral magnesium, with doses ranging from 12.5 to 20.5 mmol/day. One trial studied parenteral magnesium (16.24 mEq q6h for 24 hours). Each trial demonstrated a high risk of bias in at least one domain. There was significant clinical and methodological variation between trials. We found no study that measured all of the identified primary outcomes and met the objectives of this review. Only one trial measured clinical symptoms of seizure, delirium tremens or components of the Clinical Institute Withdrawal Assessment for Alcohol (CIWA) score. A single outcome (handgrip strength) in three trials (113 people), was amenable to meta-analysis. There were no significant differences in handgrips strength in the magnesium group (SMD 0.04; 95% CI -0.22 to 0.30). No clinically important changes in adverse events were reported. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether magnesium is beneficial or harmful for the treatment or prevention of alcohol withdrawal syndrome.
We included 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 3057 people with acute rhinosinusitis. The evidence is current to May 2016. We found that people with rhinosinitis, whether or not confirmed by radiography, were cured after 1 week and 64% after 14 days. Antibiotics can shorten time to cure, but only 5 to 11 more people per 100 will be cured faster if they receive antibiotics instead of placebo or no treatment: clinical diagnosis (high-quality evidence) and diagnosis confirmed by imaging (moderate-quality). Cure rates with antibiotics were higher when a fluid level or total opacification in any sinus was found on computed tomography. Purulent secretion resolved faster with antibiotics. However, 13 more people experienced side effects with antibiotics compared to no treatment. Five fewer people in 100 will experience clinical failure if they are given antibiotics, and one person had a brain abscess one week after receiving open antibiotic therapy (clinical failure, control group). We could not draw conclusions about children, people with suppressed immune systems, and those with severe sinusitis, because these populations were not included in the available trials. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high for the results of clinical diagnosis and imaging, and low to unclear for results of imaging. The potential benefit of antibiotics to treat acute rhinoinusitis diagnosed either clinically (low to unclear risk of bias, high quality evidence) or confirmed in imaging (high quality evidence), is marginal and needs to be seen in the context of the risk of adverse effects. Considering antibiotic resistance, and the very low incidence of serious complications, we conclude there is no place for antibiotics for people with uncomplicated acute rhinitis.
This review included eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 2515 participants. Three RCTs (all performed in Asian countries) compared D3 with D2 lymphadenectomy: data suggested no significant difference in OS between these two types of lymph node dissection. Data for DFS were available only from one trial and for no trial were DSS data available. Five trials compared D2 to D1 lymph nodes dissection: OS (five trials) and DFS (three trials) found no significant differences in OS or DFS. In contrast, the quality of the body of evidence was moderate, with a higher risk of postoperative mortality. In patients with resectable carcinoma of the stomach, the increased risk of death after surgery reduces its therapeutic benefit.
In this review, we found 13 randomised controlled trials with a total of 1158 participants. We found that naltrexone did not perform better than placebo or no pharmacological treatment with respect to the number of participants re-incarcerated during the study period. We also found no significant difference in the percentage of people who were retained in treatment in the included studies. When compared with other pharmacological treatments such as benzodiazepines and buprenorphine, no statistically significant difference was found. However, the results come from only two studies. We concluded that the quality of the evidence is low.
We found two randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 351 participants with dementia. Both were part of the same large multicentre trial and included people with dementia and people with or without dementia and Parkinson's disease. The first study, a cross-over trial, investigated the immediate effects on aspiration of two viscosities of liquids (nectar thick and honey thick) compared to regular liquids in 351 participants using videofluoroscopy. Regular liquids with a chin down head posture, as well as regular liquids without any intervention were also compared. The second study compared the effect of thickening fluids with honey thick liquids over a three-month period in a subgroup of 260 participants. There were no deaths classified as 'definitely related' to the type of fluids prescribed. Honey thick liquids, which are more consistent with descriptors for'spoon thick' or 'extremely thick' liquids, showed a more positive impact on immediate elimination of aspiration, but this consistency showed more adverse effects in the second follow-up study. During the second study, there were a greater number of incidents of pneumonia in participants receiving honey thick fluids than those receiving nectar thick liquids or taking regular liquids with the chin down posture. Neither trial addressed quality of life. We are uncertain about the immediate and long-term effects of modifying the consistency of fluid for swallowing difficulties in dementia as too few studies have been completed. There may be differences in outcomes depending on the grade of thickness of fluids and the sequence of interventions trialled in videofluors. Clinicians should be aware that while thickened fluids may have an immediate positive effect on swallowing, the long term impact on the health of the person with dementia should be considered. The overall quality of evidence for outcomes in this review is low. Risk of bias for both studies is high. Further high-quality clinical trials are required.
We found six randomised controlled trials with a total of 788 women. The largest of these trials included 396 women eligible for this review. No evidence of a statistically significant difference was found between natural cycle and standard IVF in live birth rates (two studies, 425 women, moderate quality evidence). The evidence suggests that for a woman with a 53% chance of live birth using IVF, the chance using natural cycle IVF would range from 34% to 53%. There was no evidence of any difference in rates of OHSS (very low quality evidence), clinical pregnancy, ongoing pregnancy, multiple pregnancy, gestational abnormalities, or cycle cancellations. One trial reported that the oocyte retrieval rate was significantly lower in the natural cycle group. There were insufficient data to draw any conclusions about rates of treatment cancellation. Findings on treatment costs were inconsistent and more data are awaited. The evidence was limited by imprecise results for pregnancy rate and for cycle cancellation due to the choice of statistical model: for these outcomes, use of a fixed effect model suggested a benefit for the standard group. Moreover the largest trial has not yet completed follow up, though data have been reported for over 95% of women. Further evidence from well conducted large trials is awaited. Outcomes should include cumulative live birth and pregnancy rates, the number of treatment cycles necessary to reach live birth, treatment costs and adverse effects.
We included 12 studies with a total of 984 participants from 23 studies (23 references). We included only those involved in Tai Chi and the control group (i.e. 811 participants) in the final analysis. Study sample size ranged from 10 to 206, and mean age ranged from 61 to 74 years. Programmes lasted for six weeks to one year. All included studies were randomised controlled trials (RCTs), which means that participants were randomly allocated to one of two or more treatment groups. We found that Tai Chi was safe to practise in people with COPD. Tai Chi demonstrated a longer six-minute walk distance (mean difference (MD) 29.64 metres, 95% confidence interval (CI) 10.52 to 48.77 metres; participants = 318; I2 = 59%) and better pulmonary function in post-programme data. However, the effects of Tai Chi in reducing dyspnoea level and improving quality of life remain inconclusive. No adverse events were reported. When compared with other interventions, Tai Chi did not show superiority and showed no additional effects on symptoms nor on physical and psychosocial function improvement when compared to other interventions alone. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to moderate, meaning that we are very uncertain about the results.
We included 72 randomised controlled trials that involved 2470 participants. We found evidence that the use of virtual reality and interactive video gaming was not more beneficial than conventional therapy approaches in improving upper limb function. However, when virtual reality was used in addition to usual care (providing a higher dose of therapy for those in the intervention group) there was a statistically significant difference between groups (low-quality evidence). There was insufficient evidence to reach conclusions about the effect on gait speed, balance, participation, or quality of life. There was a trend suggesting that higher dose (more than 15 hours of total intervention) was preferable as were customised virtual reality programs; however, these findings were not statistically significant. Twenty-three studies reported that they monitored for adverse events; across these studies there were few adverse events and those reported were relatively mild. This review found that time since onset of stroke, severity of impairment, and the type of device (commercial or customised) were not strong influencers of outcome. We were not able to pool results for cognitive function, participation restriction, and quality-of-life.
We identified five randomised controlled trials (1330 participants) that met the inclusion criteria. None of the included trials examined regimens of less than six months duration. A single trial (174 participants) added levofloxacin to the standard first-line regimen. Relapse and treatment failure were not reported. For death, sputum conversion, and adverse events we are uncertain if there is an effect (one trial, 174 participants, very low quality evidence for all three outcomes). Fluoroquinolones added to standard regimens Three trials (723 participants) substituted ethambutol with moxifloxacid, gatifloxin, and ofloxain into the standard regimen. For relapse, we do not know if there was an effect. No trials reported on treatment failure. We do not have enough evidence to be clear whether the addition or substitution of fluoroquinoleones for isoniazid in the first line regimen reduces death or relapse, or increases culture conversion at eight weeks. We are uncertain about the effect of the substitution on death, culture conversion, or serious adverse events (three trials, 723 participants). One trial (433 participants) used moxionolones to replace isoniaZid (a drug used in the treatment of people with drug-sensitive TB). Treatment failure and relapse were not measured. For the substitution may have little or no difference (one study, 433 participants). We are not sure if the substitution had an effect on death or relapses, or on culture conversion or serious side effects (low quality evidence). Six trials are currently in progress testing shorter regimens (four months or less duration) of treatment regimens. The quality of the evidence was very low or very low.
