This is an overview of studies that looked at the long-term effects of providing education to children and their carers who have a flare-up of their asthma. The aim was to see if there was a benefit in terms of the number of children who had to go to hospital for an asthma attack. A total of 38 studies involving 7843 children were included in this review. The results showed that if children were taught about asthma, their parents or both, they were less likely to come to the emergency department for an attack. There was also less chance that they would need to go back to hospital. Very few data were available for other outcomes (e.g. quality of life, symptoms and lung function) and there was no difference between education and control. However, there is a need for more research in this area.
We found 130 randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, and quasi-transfusion controlled studies (RCTs) comparing ketamine with placebo or no treatment in 8341 adults with any type of surgery. Ketamine was given to 4588 people in the RCTs and to 3753 in the placebo groups. We did not stratify the main analysis by type of operation or any other factor, such as dose or timing of ketamine administration, and used a non-stratified analysis. Types of surgery included ear, nose or throat surgery, wisdom tooth extractions, wisdom teeth extraction, thoracotomy, lumbar fusion surgery, neck surgery, hip joint replacement surgery, knee joint repair surgery, anterior cruciate ligament repair, knee arthroscopy, mastectomy, haemorrhoid surgery, abdominal surgery, radical prostatectomy, thyroid surgery, elective caesarean section, and laparoscopic surgery. The risk of bias was generally low or very low, except for study size; most studies had fewer than 50 participants per treatment arm, and the types of surgery were very varied. The evidence is up to date as of March 2018. We found that ketamine given to people undergoing surgery reduced pain at rest by 5 points on a 100-point scale at 24 hours and at 48 hours. Pain at rest and pain during movement by 6 points and 16 points, both at 24 and 48 hours, and by 6 and 7 points, respectively. Pain was reduced by the same amount with ketamine and by the end of day three and by a similar amount with the same dose and time for the first analgesic request. People who received ketamine were more than twice as likely to have a headache, dizziness, nausea, and tingling in the hands, feet, and feet after surgery compared with those who received placebo. The time taken for a first pain-relieving medicine to be prescribed was 54 minutes longer in the ketamine group than in the control group (from a mean of 39 minutes to a range of 37 to 71 minutes), and the area of postoperative pain was 7 cm² smaller (from 11.9 cm² to 2.2 cm²) in the group of people who had a headache compared with people who received a placebo (very low- and low-quality evidence, both from very low to low-risk of bias, and both from low to very low risk of study bias, respectively). About 5 in 10 (5%) of people given ketamine had a side effect, compared with 1 in 20 (range 1% to 5%) of those who did not receive ketamine (high- and very low- risk of a side event, from high- and moderate-risk, and from 5 in 20 to 4 in 20 people, respectively), and about 1 in 5 (range 3% to 3 in 20) people had a stroke. About 1 in 4 (1% to 1 in 10) of the people who took ketamine experienced a stroke compared with 0 in 10 participants who took a fake drug (from 10 mg to 15 mg, ranging from 6 mg to 10 mg, or from 10 to 15 times the dose of the real drug, morphine, in the first 24 hours after surgery). The number of people with a stroke was 1 in 40 (1.4%) in the treatment group, and 1 in 30 (0.7% of the total) people with the fake drug group. We rated the quality of the evidence as high for all outcomes except for pain intensity, which was very low because of small- and small-study effects, and low for all other outcomes, which were based on only a few studies.
The MSP/RESA (Combination B) vaccine shows promise as a way to reduce the severity of malaria episodes, but the effect of the vaccine is MSP2 variant-specific. The results show that blood-stage vaccines may play a role and merit further development.
We found four studies, with a total of 125 participants. Three of the studies used pulsed electromagnetic fields and one used a type of electric field known as a 'coupled' field. Participants with delayed union and non-union of the long bones were included, but most of the data related to non-unions of the tibia. Although all studies were blinded, this means that participants did not know whether they were in the treatment group or the control group. Each of the four studies had limitations in the way that it was run and performed. The results showed that there was no reduction in pain found in two of the trials. There was no difference in pain scores found in the other three trials. No study reported on the effect of the treatment on function (e.g. how well the bone healed) or on the risk of recurrence (how well the bones healed) of the fracture. One study found that there were no side-effects of the treatments. One of the included trials did not report any side- effects of treatment. One trial found that one of the people in the group in the pulsed field group had a mild chest pain, but the other did not have a chest pain. There were no reports of side effects of the electrotherapy in the capacitive field group. The overall pooled effect size was not large and the results were not consistent across the studies. Further well-designed, well-conducted randomised controlled trials are required.
We included 12 trials with a total of 1831 patients in this review. Nine of the 12 studies were of high risk of bias (low risk of systematic errors (i.e. play of chance) and there were no major flaws in the way the trials were run or the way they were conducted) and the other six were of low risk of randomised randomised trial (high risk of no bias). The average age of participants in the trials ranged from 48 years and 63 years in the 10 trials that provided this information. The proportion of females ranged from 55.0% to 79.0%. The number of deaths was similar between the drain and no drain groups (1/840 and 0/841, 0.2% and 1.2%, and 1/5 and 0.5, and 1 and 0, respectively) in the short-term and long-term deaths. There was no difference in the number of patients who died between the groups (7/567, 1.1% and 7/1%, and 7 and 5%, and 2 and 3%, and 3 and 4%, and 5 and 6, and 7, and 8, and 9, and 10, and 11, and 12, and 13, and 14, and 15, and 16, and 17, and 18, and 19, and 20, and 21, and 22, and 24, and 25, and 26, and 27, and 28, and 29, and 30, and 34 and 34, and 36, and 38, and 39 and 40, and 41, and 42, and 44 and 45, and 46, and 48 and 48, and 63, and 50 and 52, and 53, and 54, and 55 and 56, and 56 and 57, and 79 and 79, and 80, and 82, and 84, and 86, and 89, and 90, and 100, and 98, and 99, and 101, and 102, and 104, and 105, and 108, and 109, and 110, and 112, and 113, and 111, and 114, and 115, and 117, and 118, and 119, and 131, and 121, and 122, and 130, and 132, and 129, and 135, and 149, and 168, and 189, and 198, and 199, were all of high quality. The length of time taken to perform the surgery was longer in the drain group than in the no drain group (five and four days, 449 and 449 days, and five and 5 days, respectively), and the operating time was longer than the time taken for patients to be discharged from hospital (one and one and a half hours, and seven and eight hours, respectively). Quality of life was not improved by the use of drain compared with no drain, and the quality of life of those who were discharged as day-procedure laparoscopic cholecystopaedic surgery seemed to be the same in both groups (one trial; 68 patients; drain group, 31.4%, and one trial; 33.4%), and there was no effect of drain on the time to return to work or the time it took for people to get back to work (one study, 100 patients, and one study, 68 patients, both of which did not provide this information). There is currently no evidence to support the routine use of a drain after laparoscopy for people who have had a laparoscope for the removal of the gallbladder.
Forty-nine randomised trials, with a total of 3639 participants, were included in this review. All trials were conducted and published in China. Thirty-eight different herbal medicines were tested in these trials, including four single herbs (extracts from a single herb), eight traditional Chinese patent medicines, and 26 self concocted Chinese herbal compound prescriptions. The results described from the 49 studies of low quality are of questionable quality and therefore the results should be viewed with caution. Eighteen of the trials found no adverse events. There was no evidence to support the use of Chinese herbal medicines for the treatment of diabetic peripheral neuropathy. No well-designed, randomised, placebo controlled trial with objective outcome measures has been conducted.
We found five RCTs comparing IAS to CAS in a total of 1382 prostate cancer patients. All the patients had advanced prostate cancer, had a short time to live, and were treated with IAS or CAS only once or twice a year. Few events were reported and did not assess the effect of IAS on the risk of dying from prostate cancer or of metastasis (metastasis, spread of the cancer to other parts of the body). Only one study (77 patients) looked at how well IAS worked, and found that IAS was as good as CAS for reducing the amount of prostate cancer that the prostate grew in the short term (i.e. over the course of a year). One trial (43 patients) found no difference in side effects (gastrointestinal, gynecomastia and asthenia) between IAS and CAS, with the exception of impotence, which was significantly lower in the IAS group. There were no data for the effect on overall survival, prostate cancer-specific survival, or the time taken for the prostate cancer to progress to metastasis.
We found 12 trials with a total of 7,119 women. Five trials randomised to the use of an intrauterine system or a levonorgestrel IUD or the Lippes Loop. One of them showed that immediate insertion of an IUD was associated with a greater risk of expulsion than was delayed insertion. The quality of evidence for this finding was moderate. The other five trials showed that use and expulsion of an injected IUD were more likely for use and removal of the IUD immediately after insertion than for insertion of IUD delayed. One study showed that pregnancy was less likely for the TCu 220C versus the Lipstick Loop. However, at six months postabortion, IUD use was higher for women who used IUDs immediately compared to those who waited for a few weeks. In other work, adding copper sleeves to the Llipstick Loop improved efficacy and reduced the risk of pregnancy. Overall, we found that IUD insertion was safe and practical. The evidence is up to date as of March 2015.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) on the use of meditation in patients with leukaemia. We included only one RCT published as an overview. The RCT enrolled a total of 92 participants, but only 42 of them remained in the study for a six-month follow-up period. There was no information about the average age and sex of the participants. We found a high risk for attrition bias and an unclear risk for bias due to the lack of data. We judged the quality of evidence to be very low, as there was a high drop-out rate (i.e. people who dropped out of the study) and a high chance of bias because of missing data.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 110 healthy children who had been in contact with a case of varicella. The children received PEP (posterior epidermal neovirus (PEP) vaccine within three days of being exposed to a case and were followed up for up to five days. Two of the three RCTs were at high risk of bias (risk of bias means that there is a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way that the trial was run and the way in which it was run). The other two were at either high or unclear risk of systematic errors (bias) that could have led to bias. Overall, 13 out of 56 (23%) of the PEP-vaccine recipients (compared with 23 out of 54 (78%) of those who received placebo (or no vaccine) or no treatment) developed varicellosis compared with 3 out of 100 (3%) of people who did not receive PEP vaccine. Of the people who had PEP, most had mild disease (fewer than 50 skin lesions) and none had to be treated with antifungal drugs. However, too few participants were vaccinated more than three days after exposure for us to be able to say whether PEP is better or worse than placebo or no vaccine. No study reported on adverse events after PEP. We did not find any studies for adolescents or adults.
We included 12 RCTs, with 4704 patients, in this review. All the trials were at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions due to play of chance) and all were at risk of systematic error (ie, there was potential to draw wrong conclusions because of the way the trial was run and the way it was run). Eleven of the 12 trials compared the use of prophylactics (antibiotics) with no treatment. There were no differences in the risk of death between the intervention and control groups in each of the trials. None of the studies reported quality of life, length of time spent in hospital or use of healthcare resources. With the exception of one trial in which all the patients had had MRSA in the nose, it does not appear that MRSA was tested or eradicated prior to surgery; nor does it appear that there was high prevalence of MRSA carrier status in the people undergoing surgery. In the 15 comparisons that compared one type of antibiotic with the other, there were no changes in the number of people who developed SSIs. In one of the 15 trials that compared an antifungal antibiotic with placebo, the proportion of patients who had an antibiotics-based treatment with co-amoxiclav (or cefotaxime if allergic to penicillin) was less than half in the group that did not receive the antibiotic treatment. This may be due to a decrease in the overall risk of developing MRSA infections. There was no difference between the groups in terms of serious adverse events in any of the 561 people randomised to the antibiotic regimens in four trials (three trials that reported death and one other trial). There were none of the other outcomes that we were able to assess (e.g. adverse events, total length of stay in hospital and use of hospital resources). Overall, 221/4032 (5.5%) people had SSIs due to all organisms, and 46/4704 (1.0%) due to MRSA.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared planned home care with care at home for PPROM. We found that there were too few women in each trial to be able to draw conclusions about whether home care was better or worse than care in the long term for any of the outcomes that we assessed. There was no information on the risk of death of the baby within the first month of life and there was no difference in the number of babies that died in the first week of life in the home care group compared with the group that was cared for in hospital. The number of caesarean births was higher in the group of women who were cared for at home compared with those who received care in hospital, and mothers were more likely to be satisfied with their care. Home care was found to be better than inpatients and to be at least as good as hospital care in terms of quality of life for the mother and her baby. The cost of care was lower for mothers who received home care compared with hospital care.
This review found that staples and sutures are similar in terms of wound infection, pain and cosmesis, and these are the most used methods for closing the skin after caesarean. However, it is important to note, that for both of these outcomes (wound infection and wound complication), for both types of skin incision, staples may have a differential effect, i.e., Pfannenstiel or vertical incision. If staples are removed on day three, there is an increased risk of skin separation and the need for reclosure.
We found 11 RCTs with a total of 821 adults with a risk of CVD of any age and any type of heart disease. Seven of the 11 trials looked at green tea and four looked at black tea. Dosage and form of both green and black tea used in the trials differed, as did the amount and type of green tea, and the amount of black tea that was used. The results showed that green tea has favourable effects on CVD risk factors such as low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and systolic blood pressure over six months, but the results were not stable over that time. Green tea was found to have a favourable effect on total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol and blood pressure. When both tea types were analysed in the same way, both showed favourable benefits on LDL and blood blood pressure, but only a few trials contributed to each of these. Adverse events were measured in five trials and included a diagnosis of prostate cancer, hospitalisation for influenza, appendicis and retinal detachment but these are unlikely to be due to green tea. There are very few long-term studies to date that have looked at the use of green or black tea for preventing CVD. The evidence is up to date to August 2013.
The aim of this review was to assess the effectiveness and safety of azathioprine in the use of this drug in the treatment of people with chronic asthma. We found that there is a clear lack of good-quality, long-term, randomised, controlled trials that have been done to find out if azathoprine is effective in the reduction of steroid use in the long term. There were no data on the amount of oral or inhaled corticosteroids. There is a need for more research in this area before any firm conclusions can be made.
We found 56 randomised, quasi-randomised, controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the effects of exercise on fatigue in people with cancer. A meta-analysis of all the RCTs, which is a type of RCT, provided results for 1461 people who received an exercise intervention and 1187 people who did not. Exercise was found to be better than the control group in terms of reducing the number of days that people felt tired during or post-cancer therapy. In terms of cancer type, we found that exercise reduced fatigue in breast and prostate cancer patients but not in those with blood cancers. There was no difference in the effect on people with other types of cancer, such as prostate cancer, but this was not found for those with lymphoma or prostate cancer. We found that there was no effect on tiredness in the short-term (i.e. six weeks or less) and medium- to long-term benefits were found for people with breast cancer, prostate cancer and colorectal cancer. However, these results are based on only 28 of the 56 studies included in the original search and 28 of these were carried out in breast cancer patients. The findings of the updated review have enabled a more precise conclusion to be made in that exercise can be used to treat cancer-related tiredness during and after cancer treatment. Further research is needed to determine the best type, intensity and timing of exercise for this group of people.
We included all five trials with 3427 adults (aged 16 to 65 years of age) in the meta-analysis. The trials were co-ordinated in Germany, Italy, Belgium and the USA. The review shows that people with HL who are followed up for at least five years after treatment with BEACOPP are more than twice as likely to die from any cause compared to those who are treated with ABVD alone. This means that after five years, 90 out of 100 patients will die in the beacopP group compared to 120 in the ABVD group. We are very uncertain how many women will be infertile due to chemotherapy and which arm might be favoured, as the age of the patients was not described. No analysis of male fertility was provided. Five of the five trials reported adverse events and the analysis shows that the treatment with more haematological toxicities (blood toxins) in patients with HL (anaemia, low white blood cell count, low platelets, neutropenia, thrombocytopenia and blood clots) is more likely to cause a relapse or death than in patients who are not treated with chemotherapy. There is no difference in the risk of death due to any cause between the treatment groups (low- or very low-quality evidence). Although the occurrence of MDS or AML may be more likely in patients treated with the more aggressive regimens, there is no evidence for a difference between both regimens for the overall risk of dying from secondary malignancies (low quality of evidence). However, the observation time of the studies included in the review is too short to be expected to show differences with respect to second solid tumours which would not be found until around 15 years after the end of treatment. Only one trial (EORTC 20012) planned to assess quality of life, however, no results were reported. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to high quality. The main limitations of the review were the small number of participants and the fact that patients were not able to be blinded to the type of treatment they were receiving (i.e. they did not know which group they were in).
We included 15 RCTs with a total of 1835 cancer and non-small cell lung cancer patients in this review. All included studies were conducted in high-income countries and most of them were aimed at breast cancer patients (seven trials) or prostate cancer participants (two trials). Results showed that patients with cancer who received a psycho-educational intervention had similar RTW rates as those who received care as usual. We did not find any studies on other types of psychosocial interventions. We found that there was no difference in the quality of life of patients who were offered a psychological intervention compared to those who were not. In addition, we found that patients who had a multidisciplinary intervention, that is, a combination of a physical, a psychological, a social, a behavioural and/or a vocational component, led to a higher rate of improvement in RTW than those who had only a care-as-usual treatment. We also found that people who received multidisciplinaries (such as a health care professional, a nurse, a physician, a physiotherapist, a counsellor, or a nurse who is a volunteer) had higher rates of improving RTW. We judged six studies to be at a high risk of bias and nine to be of a low risk of a bias.
We included four trials involving more than 13,000 women in labour in the UK and Ireland. Three of the trials were funded by hospitals where the trials took place and one trial was funded by the Scottish government. The evidence is up-to-date as of July 2013. We found no new trials in this update. The studies were assessed as low risk of bias. Results reported in the 2012 review show that the use of CTG on admission to hospital for low-risk women increased the risk of a caesarean birth by 20% compared to women who were given intermittent auscultation. There was no clear difference in the number of deaths in the first month of life between the groups. There were no differences between groups in other outcomes, such as the incidence and severity of hypoxic ischaemic encephalopathy and seizures in the neonatal age of one to 12 months of age. We did not find any information on the long-term effects of the CTG use on the development of the child. The quality of evidence ranged from moderate to very low, with downgrading decisions based on imprecision, inconsistency and a lack of blinding for participants and staff.
We included 32 studies in this review. Seventeen studies randomised women (total 3666), three randomised cycles (total 1018) and twelve randomised oocytes (over 15,230) and it was not possible to pool any of the data because each of these was performed in a way that could not be used in pooling the data. Most of the studies (22/32) failed to report their source of funding and none of them described their methods in an adequate way. Only seven of the 32 studies reported live birth or ongoing pregnancy. Four of these studies found no evidence of a difference between the cultures used for either day three or day five embryo transfer. The fifth study did not appear to be of high quality. Six studies reported the clinical pregnancy rate. None of them found any difference in the culture medium used. One study found that for cleavage-stage embryo transfer, Quinn's Advantage was found to be better than G5, but the data from the other four studies were not of high or very low risk of bias. With regards to side effects, three of the trials reported multiple pregnancies and six of them reported the number of miscarriages, but none of these found any differences between the culture media used. Most studies did not report on the health of the babies. The quality of the evidence was rated as very low for most comparisons and the main limitations were imprecision and poor reporting of the methods used.
The search was carried out to find out if there were any trials of ways of communicating a diagnosis of breast cancer to women at a time when they are waiting for a diagnosis. The search found that there have been no randomised trials in this area. The authors have not been able to do this as there were no studies of this type done in the past 20 years and it would be considered 'unethical' to do so. As some of the papers reviewed by the authors related to the first consultation visit, where treatment options are discussed, perhaps a review which focused on the methods of communication at the first visit would provide more reliable evidence for the effectiveness of methods of communicating and overcome the ethical dilemmas that have been mentioned previously.
We included 17 RCTs with 1006 people with NSCP in this Cochrane review. All participants were adults (over 18 years of age) who had had NSCP for at least six months. The studies were of short duration (three months or less) and were carried out in the UK, the USA, the UK and the USA. The main aim was to reduce the occurrence of chest pain in the first three months after the intervention. There was a reduction in the number of days with no chest pain up to three months following the intervention and this was maintained from three to nine months afterwards. This was associated with an increase in the percentage of days that were chest pain-free days. However, there was no effect on the severity of the chest pain. Due to the nature of the interventions, it was impossible to blind the therapists as to whether the patient was in the treatment group or the control group. In addition, in three of the studies the therapists were not able to blind patients to whether they were in the therapy group or not. This may have led to bias in some of the results. The wide range of outcomes reported in the studies made it difficult to draw conclusions about the effect of the treatments. Overall, we found that there was a benefit for the use of a cognitive-behavioural (CBT) approach, which is based on the idea that a person’s thoughts and behaviour are guided by a set of rules that guide them to behave in a certain way. The effect of CBT on the frequency of reported chest pain was similar in both the CBT group and the group without CBT and CBT did not seem to have an effect on severity. The evidence for other short-term interventions was less clear. Further long-term, well-designed and well-conducted trials with follow-up periods of at least 12 months are needed. Hypnotherapy is also a treatment for NSCP.
We found 30 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 4344 adults and children. All trials compared azelastine, nedocromil sodium or sodium cromoglycate, olopatadine, ketotifen, mequitazine, bepotastine besilate, antazoline and tetryzoline, levocabastine and pemirolast potassium. There was some evidence to support that topical antihistamines and mast cell stabilising drugs reduce symptoms and signs of allergic conjunctivitis in the short term (one to eight weeks), but there was no long-term data on their effects. There were no reported serious side-effects. Overall, the use of these drugs appears to be safe and well-treatable.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised trials (RCTs) looking at the effects of community-based programmes aimed at preventing the uptake of tobacco use in Indigenous and non-Indigenous youth. We found one RCT and one quasi-RCT looking at smokeless tobacco use. Both RCTs were based in the USA and had a total of 1505 participants in total. There was no difference between the intervention arm and the control group in weekly use of tobacco at 42 months follow-up in the one study. However, there was a reduction in the proportion of participants who used smokeless (e.g. lozelles) tobacco at the end of six months in the group who were in the skills-only group. One of the studies found that participants who were part of the'skills-community' group were more than twice as likely to use tobacco as those in the 'control' group at six months, but this was not found in the other study. Both studies were at high or unclear risk of bias, which means that we are uncertain as to whether or not the results are valid. There is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for evidence from randomised or quasi-randomised trials on the use of prophylactic blood transfusion for pregnant women with sickle cell anaemia (HbSS) compared with selective transfusion (i.e. giving blood to women who do not need to have a transfusion) in order to reduce the risk of blood loss and increase the number of babies born with blood clots in the brain and lungs. We found only one randomised controlled trial (RCT; a type of study in which people are allocated at random to one of two or more treatment groups) involving 72 women with HbSS. The RCT reported no deaths of the mother or her baby in the first month of life. The trial did not report any of the outcomes that we planned to look at, such as perinatal deaths (deaths during or soon after birth of the child, or in the days after birth) or the occurrence of severe maternal illness (e.g. pulmonary embolism, heart attack, stroke, stroke-like events, heart failure and stroke) or haemolytic crises (when blood clotting in the blood is not restored in a few days after giving blood) of the baby. The included RCT did not provide any information on other relevant outcomes such as the length of time that the mother spent in hospital, postpartum haemorrhage and iron overload (when iron levels in the baby's blood are too high) and baby's risk of haemoglobin levels too high. Overall, there were few events for most of the reported outcomes and the results were generally imprecise. The quality of evidence was very low for all outcomes.
We found 67 randomised clinical trials (RCTs) involving a total of 6197 participants. A total of 5771 participants from 64 RCTs provided data for one or more of the outcomes in this review. All the trials were at high risk of bias (risk of systematic errors (ie, there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way that the trial was run and performed). There was no evidence of differences in most of the comparisons, and where there was, these differences were based on only a few trials, most of which were of small size. We summarise only the evidence that was available in more than one trial, and we found that liver resection using a radiofrequency dissecting sealer may be associated with more adverse events than with the clamp-crush method. The proportion of people requiring a blood transfusion was higher in the low central venous pressure group than in the acute normovolemic haemodilution plus low blood pressure group, and there was no difference in the proportion of participants who received fibrin sealant compared with control. Blood transfusion quantity (red blood cells) was lower in the control group than with control, and the amount of red blood cells transfused was higher with oxidised cellulose, and blood loss, the length of time spent in the hospital, and operating time were all lower with low control. None of the trials reported health-related quality of life or time needed to return to work. There is no evidence that one method is better or worse than the other for the other in terms of reducing the risk of adverse events. The quality of evidence was very low or low. This was due to the lack of data and imprecision of the results.
The aim of this review was to find out which is the best way to treat PPP. Twenty-three trials involving 724 people were included in the review. There is evidence supporting the use of systemic retinoids (improvement rate difference 44%, 95 CI 28 to 59%), oral PUVA (44% improvement rate, 95 CI 26 to 62%) and PUVA combined with retinoid is better than the other treatments. The use of a topical steroid under hydrocolloid occlusion is beneficial. It would appear that low dose ciclosporin, tetracycline antibiotics and Grenz Ray Therapy may be useful in treating PPP, but there are a lot of side effects and it is not clear if any of these are effective. Colchicine is not known to be helpful and the short-term use of hydroxycarbamide (hydroxyurea) was not found to be effective.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing five drugs within the loop diuretic class (furosemide 40 mg to 60 mg, cicletanine 100 mg to 150 mg, piretanide 3 mg to 6 mg, indacrinone enantiomer -2.5 mg to -10.0 mg, and etozolin 200 mg) in 460 adults with a mean age of 40 years and a mean blood pressure of 162/103 mmHg for a mean duration of 8.8 weeks. We found no differences between the drugs in terms of blood pressure-lowering effect on systolic and diastolic blood pressure. Withdrawals due to side effects and serum changes due to adverse events did not show a difference. We did not have a good estimate of harms due to the short duration of the trials and the lack of reporting of side effects in many of the studies. We graded the quality of the evidence as low due to a high risk of bias of included studies and the high likelihood of publication bias.
We included 58 trials, of which 48 trials with 2849 adults (aged 18 years and over) were included in our review. Most of the participants were low anaesthetic risk people undergoing planned laparoscopic cholecystectomy for gallbladder removal. There were no deaths in either group in the eight trials that reported deaths (0/236 (0%) in the local anaesthetic group compared with 0/210 (0% in the control group) and one person in each group who had a serious complication (446 (0.4%) out of 446 (range 0% to 1% in both groups) between the time of surgery and the end of hospital stay of 0.04 days). The pain scores as measured by the VAS (a tool that rates the amount of pain on a scale of 0 to 10 cm) were lower in the group that had local anaesthesia placed in the peritoneal space than in the other group at four to eight hours and at nine to 24 hours, as well as at 0.99 cm at four and 0.53 cm at 24 hours. The length of time spent in hospital was 0.05 days in the groups that had and did not have a local anaesthetist and no one was discharged as day surgery between the groups. None of the trials reported on participant quality of life, return to normal activity, or time to return to work. Serious adverse events were rare in the 715 people who received the treatment. There is very low quality evidence that it reduces pain in low anaesthesia risk adults undergoing elective laparoscopy. The size of this effect is not known and it is likely to be very small. The quality of evidence was very low. All the trials were at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a high chance of arriving at wrong conclusions due to play of chance) and all but one trial had a low risk of systematic errors (ie, there was an over-estimate of benefits and under-estimation of harms).
We found 74 randomised controlled trials (RDTs) of RDTs for P. falciparum. We grouped them by the type of antigens they looked for (type 1, type 2, type 3, type 4, and type 5) and compared their results with those of microscopy. We found that HRP-2 and pLDH-antibody-based RDT tests tended to be more accurate than the other types of tests, but they were not as good at detecting malaria. If the point estimates for Type 1 and Type 4 tests are applied to a group of 1000 patients where 30% of those have symptoms, then the RDT will miss 16 cases, and Type 1 tests will miss 26 cases. The number of patients who will be missed and will not receive treatment would be 34 with type 1 tests, and nine with type 4 tests. For the other RDT types, we found that they are not as accurate as the other tests.
We found five studies that tested short-term changes in the length of consultation time for each patient. All were from the UK, and all were conducted in the UK. We are not confident in the results due to the very low-certainty evidence provided by these studies. Most of the studies had a high risk of bias, which means that their results may be imprecise, and there was a lack of information on the characteristics of patients. None of the trials reported on the use of time, money, or other health-care resources. Overall, we did not find evidence to support or refute a policy of altering the lengths of primary care physicians' consultations. It is possible that these findings may change if high-quality studies are published in the future.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of high dose and low dose of stavudine in adults with HIV/AIDS. We found three RCTs with a total of 157 participants. All three trials were from the USA, all three were in the USA and all but one was in the UK. The studies were at a high risk of bias due to the way in which they were done and the way they were run. There was no difference in virologic suppression between the low dose and high dose groups at the end of treatment. However, the high dose group had higher levels of triglycerides (a lipid found in the blood) and a lower body mass index (a measure of body fat) than the lower dose group. Symptomatic hyperlactatemia was not seen in any of the studies. The high dose arm of the McComsey 2008 trial did not have any side effects that we were aware of and side effects were not reported on in the Sanchez-Conde 2005 and Milinkovic 2007 trials. The low dose arm did not report any side effect. The results from the trials were imprecise and have not found a clear advantage in virolity or risk of side effect in the low and high doses of low or high dose. All the studies were conducted in developed countries and none were from Africa or Asia. Therefore, the phasing out of the World Health (WHO) guidelines for the use of low to high doses may not be possible in these countries.
We included 10 trials with a total of 1658 adults with ARDS who had been in hospital for at least 28 days. Six of the trials used an open lung ventilator intervention that was not based on a'recruitment manoeuvre' (e.g. higher PEEP (positive end-expiratory pressure (PEEP) titration) or a change in the amount of air pumped in and out of the lungs at the same time) as part of an 'open lung intervention' (i.e. different modes of ventilation, such as a higher level of PEEP and a lower level of pressure known as a 'peak pressure' (this is when the air inside the lungs is at a lower pressure than when it is at the top of the lung). We found that the number of people who died in the ICU from any cause was less than half that of those who died at 28 days, and there was no difference in the risk of dying in hospital. The risk of barotrauma was no greater in the group that used the recruitment manoeuvre than in the control group. We rated the quality of the evidence to be low for all outcomes. This was due to differences in the type of ventilation and the way that the interventions were carried out, which may have led to imprecision in the results.
This is an update of a review that was first published in 2004. The aim of the review was to assess the use of these techniques in adults with asthma. Fifteen studies, with a total of 687 adults, were included in the review. The quality of the studies was poor and sample sizes were often too small to be able to draw firm conclusions about the effectiveness of these treatments. However, some pooled results were found. Three of the 15 studies did not show that there was a difference between CBT and relaxation therapy in terms of our main outcomes. The use of 'as needed' medications was reduced in two studies, (47 patients) by CBT. There was no difference in FEV1 in four studies of 150 patients, (SMD -0.01, CI 0.41 to 0.40). Quality of life, measured by the Asthma Quality of Life Questionnaire (QQLQ), showed a positive effect in favour of CBT in two trials, (48 patients), but this may have been due to the different types of treatments used. Peak Expiratory Flow (PFEV1) was improved in the CBT group but not in the bio-feedback group (43 L/min), and there was no improvement in the QQLQ in the relaxation group (5 to 92 L per minute) following CBT (WMD 0.71, CIE 0.23 to 1.19). However, these findings were not found in all studies. The remainder of the findings between studies were conflicting. This may be due to differences in the types of interventions used and the small size of the trials.
We found 35 randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials (studies in which people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) involving 6785 people with a range of ages from 18 to 65 years of age. The main aim of the review was to assess whether there was a difference between the effectiveness and side effects of antidepressants and benzodiazepine drugs in terms of the proportion of people who responded to treatment (i.e. people who were able to improve their symptoms) and who did not drop out of the study due to any cause. We found low- and very low-quality evidence that there was no difference in the number of patients who improved with both drugs. We also found that there were more dropouts (outcomes that are not directly related to the drug treatment) in the group of participants who were on benzodiazapine compared to the group on the other drugs, but we did not find a clear benefit for either drug group. Information on side effects was very limited. The majority of studies did not provide information about how they were carried out, which means that it is difficult to make a judgement on the risk of bias in the way they were done. The quality of evidence was low or very low for most of the outcomes. This means that we are uncertain about the accuracy of the results and that the choice of which drug to use can not be made on the basis of this review only. In general, based on the results of the current review, the role of both drugs should be assessed by the clinician on an individual basis. Data on long-term side-treatments and side-effects should also be considered. Data from the present review will be included in a network meta-analysis of psychopharmacological treatment in panic disorder, which will help clinicians to make decisions about the best treatment for their patients.
Twenty-nine trials, that enrolled over 1,700 patients with pancreatic carcinoma, were included in this Cochrane review. Three trials compared plastic stents to surgery and found that patients who had a stent were at a lower risk of dying within 30 days of surgery, but at a greater risk of developing a new blockage prior to death. There was no difference in risk of death at 30 days with either type of stent. One trial found that metal stents were better than surgery in terms of quality-of-life and lower costs. Nine trials compared the use of a metal stent to a plastic stent and showed that there was a reduced risk of a blockage in the bile after the stent was placed, but the risk of recurrence of the blockage was higher in the metal group than in the plastic group. The addition of an anti-reflux valve improved the patency of Teflon stents. In patients who are not expected to live long, such as those who have a short time to live, the patents of the stents may not be as good as those of the plastic type.
We included five RCTs with 444 arterial cannulations in paediatric patients. Four studies compared the use of ultrasound with palpation, and one compared it with Doppler sound assistance. We found that the first time a child had a catheter, ultrasound was more likely to help them get the catheters in place and to avoid complications, such as haematoma (blood clot) formation, than other types of guidance. We also found that first-time success rates were better in the first attempt with ultrasound than with other techniques, but we could not tell whether this was due to the child's age or the level of expertise of the anaesthetist. There was no difference in the rate of adverse events. We did not find any data about ischaemic damage. We rated the quality of evidence for all outcomes as moderate owing to imprecision due to wide risk of bias and small numbers of events.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) conducted in the 1970s and 80s in the USA and one RCT in the UK. The RCT found that young men were less likely to drink alcohol than men who watched films with a low-alcohol content. The results from the three ITS studies were inconsistent. One of the studies found that there was an increase in the number of men who drank 1.10% more after the end of the study. No other prespecified outcomes (e.g. economic loss or hardship due to decreased alcohol sales) were reported in any of the included RCTs and no side effects were found. None of the three studies were funded by the alcohol or advertising industry. The quality of the evidence was very low due to serious risk of bias and imprecision (i.e. there was a lack of precision) in the results due to the small size of the RCT and the short-term (1.5 hours) follow-up of the intervention.
We found eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing high MCT with low MCT in a total of 182 infants. There was no difference in short-term growth between the two types of formula, length gain, head growth, or incidence of necrotizing enterocolitis. There is conflicting evidence as to whether babies who received a high-MCT formula were more or less likely to gain weight in the short term (i.e. during the first three months of life). There is no evidence of difference between the types of MCT and LCT in terms of the risk of adverse events such as weight gain, skin fold thickness gain, and head growth. However, there is conflicting data as to how well babies were able to cope with the effects of the MCT formula on their long-term health. No studies were found that looked at the effect of one type of LCT compared with the other on the development of brain and brain growth. More research is needed to find out which type of formula is best for babies from birth to five years of age.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the use of transcervical amnioinfusion in women with chorioamnionitis to no treatment. We did not find any RCTs that used transabdominal (through which fluid is passed down the pelvis from the uterus to the cervix) or other parts of the body (neighbourhood or groin). We found one RCT (with data from 34 women) that was at a high risk of bias overall, due to the small size of the study and the lack of information about how the women and their doctors were aware of whether or not they were in the same treatment group. The women received saline (10 mL per minute for 60 minutes, then 3 mL at a rate of three times per minute up to the time of birth) and antibiotics (ampicillin or, if receiving Group B beta streptococcal prophylaxis, penicillin and gentamycin) up to three hours after birth. All women received intrauterine pressure catheters, acetaminophen and antibiotics. The study did not report on the risk of postpartum endometitis (endometitis is inflammation of the uterus caused by a uterine lining) or neonatal infection. The number of caesarean sections was the same in both groups ( 294/1000 in the control group and 832 in the treatment group) and there was no clear difference in the length of time spent in hospital. The trial did not provide any information about the number of babies that died or had a severe illness (such as encephalopathy (disease of the baby’s brain caused by infection), or who was admitted to intensive care or who had a low Apgar score at five minutes after birth, or the time taken for the baby to reach a high temperature. The evidence in this review is up to date as of March 2018. We found only one study that reported on a limited number of outcomes of interest in this Cochrane review. The numbers included in this study were too few for us to be able to make any meaningful assessment of the quality of life of mothers and their babies. The results of this review do not allow us to draw any firm conclusions about the effectiveness and safety of this treatment. The quality of the evidence was low for all of the outcomes we assessed. This is due to a lack of data and imprecision of the findings due to small numbers of women and the way the study was conducted.
This review aimed to assess the use of the Mini-Cog in community settings to assess whether or not it is a good test to use in this area. The aim of the review was to compare the accuracy of the test to other short-term tests that are used in the community. Only three studies were found that met the criteria for inclusion in the review, with a total of 1620 participants. The studies varied in terms of how accurate the test was, which meant that we were not able to pool the data from the studies. Methodological limitations were found in all the studies introducing potential sources of bias, that is, there were problems with the way in which participants were selected for each study. There is a need for more well-designed, well-conducted, and well-reported research in this field.
We found 19 randomised, double-blind, cross-over, quasi-randomised, and quasi-trials of three types of amphetamines: dex, lisdexamfetamine, and mixed amphetamine salts (MAS; 12.5 mg/d to 80 mg per day). We included 2521 adults with an average age of 35.3 years, most of whom were middle-aged, Caucasian males (57.2%), with a combined type of ADHD (78.8%). Eighteen of the 19 studies were from the USA, and one was from both the USA and the USA. Ten were from Canada, and two were from both USA and Canada. Sixteen studies were funded by the drug industry, one was publicly funded, and the other two did not report their funding sources. We found no studies that had low risk of bias in all domains of the Cochrane 'Risk of bias' tool, and we found no low- to very low-risk of bias for amphetamine use in children and adults with ADHD. Most studies had short-term follow-up and a mean study length of 5.3 weeks. Overall, we found low-quality results for severity of ADHD symptoms as assessed by clinicians, and low-to-very low- quality results for the type of amphetamine used. We also found no evidence to suggest that dex or MAS was better than placebo for keeping people in treatment. The risk of stopping treatment due to adverse events was higher in people who took an amphetamine than in those who took a placebo, and there was no difference in the number of people who dropped out of treatment because of adverse events. We did not find any differences in the risk of drop-out due to side effects between the three amphetamine types. We rated the quality of the evidence as low or very low, mainly due to the small number of studies and participants, and because we could not rule out the possibility of a carry-over effect from one drug type to the other.
We included 10 studies with 811 adults with a mean age of 18 years of age or older with any type of chronic pain. The studies were heterogeneous with regard to the type of pain and severity of the pain, the duration of treatment, the chronic painful conditions that were assessed, the dose of vitamin D given, co-interventions, and the outcomes that were measured. Overall, there was no difference in the number of people who dropped out of the study due to side-effects of the treatment compared with those who did not take the medicine. Based on these results, we would not be able to say whether or not there is a large effect of the vitamin D in terms of reducing the pain caused by chronic pain in adults.
Forty-one studies were included in this review, involving more than 200 practices and more than 48,000 patients. The studies were heterogeneous in terms of interventions, participants, settings and outcomes. In all of the studies the intervention strategy was multifaceted. In 12 studies the interventions were targeted at health professionals, in nine they were aimed at the organisation of care, and in 20 studies they targeted both. In 15 of the included studies, the role of the nurse was added to the professional and organisation of care interventions. A combination of professional interventions improved process outcomes. The effect on patient outcomes was less clear as these were rarely assessed. Arrangements for follow-up (organisations of care) also showed a favourable effect on process outcome. Multiple interventions in which the nurse played a role, such as those in which education was added or in which nurses took on more of a role of patient care, had favourable effects on patients' health outcomes.
We found five randomised, double-blind, quasi-randomised, placebo-controlled trials (RCTs) that included a total of 1503 women aged 25 years and younger. The trials looked at hormonal and intrauterine methods used to prevent pregnancy in the first six months after the birth. The methods included the LNG-IUS (LNG) 12 to 16 µg/day, LNG 12 to 20 µg per day, and the copper T380A IUD (IUD) in the last three years. We found no evidence that any of the methods were better than any other for birth control. In the trials that looked at the same type of method, there did not seem to be a difference in the number of women who stopped using the method after six to 36 months. In three of the trials, the number who continued to use the method was at least 75% at six to 12 months. One of the COC groups had a higher rate of stopping for 'other personal reasons' compared with the group that used the low dose of the method, which may have no clinical relevance. The trial comparing the low-dose versus the high-dose method showed that the two methods were similar in terms of effectiveness over one and three years, but the sample sizes were too small for us to draw conclusions about whether one method was better than the other. We considered the quality of evidence to be moderate to low. Limitations were due to the design of some of the studies and the lack of data.
The aim of this Cochrane review was to assess the effectiveness and safety of immunotherapy for the treatment of allergen-based asthma in adults (aged 18 years or over) with asthma. Eighteen of the 88 trials included in the review were of house mite, 27 were of pollen, 10 were of animal dander, two were of Cladosporium mould, one was of latex and six were of other allergens. Overall, there was a reduction in the use of asthma medicines and in the occurrence of bronchial (bronchial hyper-reactive) symptoms. There was no clear effect on lung function. It would have been necessary to treat three patients (95% CI 3 to 5) with immunotherapy to avoid one worsening in asthma symptoms.
We did not find any new trials for this update. The total number of trials in this review was the same as in the first version of this review, with a total of 1297 patients. Five trials had a low risk of bias (low risk of systematic errors (i.e. play of chance) that could not be ruled out; one trial had an unclear risk of random errors (bias) that may have led to bias; and one study had a high risk of methodological flaws (high risk of imprecision, which means that the true effect of the intervention may be substantially different from what was found in the control group). We found that the risk of death at day 28 and at the end of the hospital stay was reduced by the use of lower ventilator volumes. There was not enough evidence to say whether this had an effect on long-term risk of dying. The use of ventilators with a volume less than or equal to 31 cm H2O was not found to be better than using a volume greater than or less than 31 cmH2O.
We included 15 RCTs with 1833 participants in this review. We found that the use of isoflurane delayed the time taken for people to come out of anaesthesia by three to four hours longer than using propofol, and that the risk of side effects with both drugs was the same. There was no difference in the number of people who shivered or had shivering or pain when comparing the two drugs. However, there was a greater risk of shivering and pain with the intravenous method than with the inhalation method. We also found that there was no change in the time it took for a person to be able to use their hands and feet. The risk of shaking was lower with both types of drugs. The quality of evidence was low for all of our main outcomes. This means that further research is likely to have an effect on our results and may change them.
The aim of this review was to assess whether lowering blood pressure in the late stages of life to lower blood pressure before the age of 75 years to prevent the onset of Alzheimer's or other forms of dementia or stroke in people with no prior cerebrovascular disease. Four trials including 15,936 people with high blood pressure were included in this review. There is no evidence from the trials identified that blood pressure lowering in late-life before reaching 75 years of age prevents the development of stroke or other types of stroke in patients with no stroke or stroke prior to this age. However, many of the people in the studies had high blood pressures at the time of entry to the trials. This may have led to bias in the way that the data were analysed.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials (involving 3474 patients) comparing PTCRA/PTCA to angioplasty alone in patients with in-stent re-stenosis. There was no evidence of the effectiveness in improving outcomes in non-complex (e.g. heart attack, myocardial infarction or stroke) or in patients who have failed PTCA. In patients with a more complex blockage, there was no difference in the number of patients who had their artery re-venous at six months and one year after the end of treatment. The risk of perforation (hole in the artery) was four times the risk in the first year after surgery and about twice the risk of transient blockage while angiographic dissections were less likely to be performed. There were no major adverse events (heart attack, stroke or death) during the in-hospital time from the beginning of the first day after surgery, but PTCra was more likely to cause a spasm (tightness of the artery wall) and a hole in the vessel (perforation) nine times more often in people who have had a pTCRA than in those who have not had one. In people who are not eligible for heart surgery, those with more than one stent, or those with a blockage that has not been fixed with a stent (or who have a failed stent) or who have already had a previous stent operation, PTC RA may help them to achieve satisfactory re-vascularisation in the next time they have a heart attack or stroke.
We found three RCTs (333 participants) comparing nebulised rhDNase with placebo (a fake drug) in children under 24 months of age with bronchiolitis. All three studies used 2.5 mL (1 mg/mL) of nebulise per day compared with a dose of 2.0 mL per day in the control group. Two of the studies were from the USA and one from the UK. The other study was from Italy and the third was from the Netherlands. The largest trial showed no effect on the length of time spent in hospital and no difference in the need for additional oxygen. In one of the trials, four out of 11 patients in the treatment group had atelectasis (scarring of the airways caused by a virus caused by the bronchial airway). Two of these patients showed improvement after treatment with nebulises. There was no difference between the groups in terms of side effects. These included temporary desaturation of the skin, shortness of breath, coughs, facial rash, hoarseness, dyspnoea and bad taste in a total of 11 children from both treatment groups. The results based on the three studies in this review did not show any benefit from the use of this treatment in the short-term (i.e. three days or less) and medium-long term (two days or more) of treatment in children hospitalised with acute rhnopharyngeal abscess.
We found that there was no difference between the percutaneous approach and the cut-down femoral artery approach for short-term (less than 24 hours) and long-term complications (more than six months) in the number of deaths, aneurysm (hole in the wall of the artery that leads to the blood supply to the heart) or major complication rates. There was no evidence of a difference in the length of time it took to open the artery, or the time taken for surgery to be done. There were no wound infections in either group, and there were no bleeding or haematoma (blood in the blood) complications at six months after surgery. The length of surgery time was 31.46 hours in one study and 15.42 hours in the other, and both groups spent the same time in the intensive care unit (ITU) and in hospital. One of the studies had few sources of bias and used a good method of randomisation, but the other did not report methods that could be used to conceal the type of surgery that was performed. We found one ongoing study, which may add to the evidence base in the future. We rated the quality of the evidence from studies using four levels: very low, low, moderate, high, or high. Very low-quality evidence means that we are very uncertain about the accuracy of the results. High-quality research is very likely to have an impact on our confidence in the findings.
This review found that the sponge was less effective than the diaphragm in the UK and USA in preventing pregnancy at 12 months. Allergic-type reactions were more common with the sponge, although discontinuation for discomfort differed in the two trials. Discontinuation rates were higher at one year as well. No new trials have been identified since the initial review.
We included six randomised and quasi-randomised studies in the review. We did not find any non-pharmacological (medicine-based) or behavioural (behavioural) treatments that could be used to help people with brain tumours who have been treated with cranial irradiation to prevent or treat their brain tumour. We found that memantine (a drug) may help adults with brain metastases not to have brain metastasis in the first six months after treatment. There was no strong evidence to support any other non-drug treatments in the prevention or amelioration of brain metastasies. There were a number of problems with the design of some of the studies, which meant that it was not possible to pool their results. More high quality research is required.
We found that there is a lack of good-quality evidence on the use of laser or other types of surgery to treat this type of injury. There is a need for more research in this area. We found only a small, low-level low-dose laser treatment for the lip and chin area compared to a placebo (fake laser) treatment. There was some improvement in the quality of the results, but the results were imprecise and the size of the improvement was too small to be able to rule out the effect of the treatment on quality of life or on adverse events. There were no studies that looked at the effects of the intervention on pain, difficulty in eating, speaking or taste. The quality of evidence was very low as a result of limitations in the conduct and reporting of the studies, indirectness of the evidence and the imprecision of the findings.
We found that the use of combined oestrogen and progestogen was no better or worse than no treatment for the risk of miscarriage, perinatal death, preterm birth or low birthweight of less than 2500 g. There was no difference in the rate of cancer other than that of the reproductive system in mothers, nor was there any difference between groups for any of our other outcomes reported. There is not enough evidence from randomised controlled trials to assess the effectiveness of combining oestro-progesterone and progesterone for preventing miscarriages. We strongly recommend further research in this area.
This review found that both TCAs and SSRIs (selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors) are safe and well-treatable for depression in adults treated in primary care. The numbers of people who dropped out of the trials due to side effects ranged from 4 to 30 for TCAs, and from 20 to 90 for SSIs.
This review found that ibuprofen 400 mg was better than 200 mg for 2-hour pain-free and 24-hour headache relief in about half of the people who took it, but it was no better than rofecoxib 25 mg for pain free at 2 hours or 24 hours. The higher dose was also better than the lower dose, but the higher dose did not provide more rapid relief than the 1-hour dose. Similar rates of side-effects occurred with both the 400 mg dose and the 200 mg dose. Adverse events occurred at the same rate with both drugs.
We included 43 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 3497 adults and children with dry eye. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2016. The trials compared OTC artificial tears with each other or with placebo (fake tears). We found that, in general, there was not enough evidence to say whether any of the different types of OTC (non-steroidal) artificial tears were better than each other in terms of treating dry eye, signs and symptoms, or both. However, we found that 0.2% polyacrylic acid-based (a type of polyvinyl acid) and 1.4% (polyvinyl alcohol) polyacryolic acid (an acid that dissolves fat) tears were consistently more effective at the end of treatment. All other types of artificial tears had conflicting results or found no differences between them. Our review found that OTC ointment may be safe, but not without adverse events. We assessed the quality of evidence as low due to high risks of bias in the design of included trials and poor reporting of outcome measures which were insufficient for quantitative analysis. Furthermore, 18 of the 43 RCTs included in our review were reported in a way that did not allow us to pool their results. Such lack of reporting of results is a high risk of publication bias.
We did not find any randomised studies that compared second-line regimens with boosted protease inhibitors (PIs) after first-line treatment with the World Health Organization (WHO)-recommended regimen. One randomised trial in 136 HIV-positive adults (aged 18 years and older) with a low risk of HIV/HIV infection did not show that there was a difference in the proportion of patients with HIV who were still free of HIV virus after six months on a lamivudine or emtricitabine (FTC) regimen compared to those on a 3TC/FTC-sparing regimen. There were no studies that looked at other types of drugs or combinations of drugs in patients who had failed the first course of antiretroviral drugs.
We found 133 studies involving 844,206 adults. All of the tests were designed to assess the condition of the airway. We found that the upper lip bite test was the most accurate test for the diagnosis of difficult tracheal intubation and the other tests were not as good. The other tests included the Wilson risk score, the sternomental distance test, the mouth opening test, and the modified Mallampati test. We did not find any studies that assessed the use of bedside airway examination tests, as they do not appear to be good screening tests.
We found that probiotics can be used to treat diarrhoea in people of all ages and stages of life. Probiotics have been shown to reduce the number of days that a person has to spend in the toilet and improve the amount of stool that is passed in the first few days after the onset of the illness. The studies were done in a wide range of countries and in a range of different types of patients. Probiotic regimens varied greatly in the type of probiotics tested, the dose of the probiotics, and the characteristics of participants. No adverse events were found to be caused by the probiotic treatment.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the short-term (up to six months) and medium-term effects of nidotherapy-enhanced standard care with standard care alone. We included one RCT with a total of 52 people with a range of ages from 18 to 74 years of age. The duration of the RCT was 18 months in length. The RCT found that people who received this form of care were more likely to be able to engage with non-inpatient services in the short term and to leave the study in the medium term. There was no difference between the groups in terms of engagement with other services, but this was not clear in the longer term. People in the control group were more than twice as likely to drop out of the study at the end of one year than those in the intervention group. The risk of death was slightly lower in the treatment group than in the standard care group, but again, this did not reach a clear result in the long term. Skewed results were found for mental state, service use, and the cost of care. The results of the included RCT were mixed, and it is not possible to draw conclusions about the benefits or harms of this new form of therapy. More research is needed.
We included eight studies with a total of 3283 participants. Five of these had a 'old-style' design in which participants were randomised at the start of the study to pregabalin (150, 300, 450, or 600 mg daily) or placebo, with assessment after 8 to 13 weeks of stable treatment. Two studies had an EERW design, in which those with good pain relief after titration were randomized to continuing at the usual dose (300 to 600 mg of this dose every day) or to a short down-titration to placebo for 13 or 26 weeks. One study compared a once-a-day dose with a twice-daily dose, and found there was no difference in effect. The other two had a more modern design (called a 'centre-stage' design), in which people were randomly put into one of the treatment groups at the beginning of the trial and assessed after 8 or 13 weeks. We found that people who had been on treatment with a dose of 300 to 600 milligrams per day for at least 12 weeks were about three times more likely to have a 50% reduction in pain intensity (at least 50% pain reduction) than those on a lower dose (450 mg per day, 1874 people) after 12 weeks of treatment. This was about 9% more than for people on a low dose (200 mg). Pregabalin increased the number of people experiencing at least 30% pain intensity reduction after 12-weeks of treatment, and was about twice as many (38% more) than for those on placebo (28% to 43% more). Pain was reduced by about one-fifth (one-tenths) of a centimetre (one point) more) in the low dose group than in the high dose group. About 1 in 10 (1%) more people had this with a 300-mg dose than with a 600 mg dose, but this was about the same for both low dose and high dose groups (high and very low quality of evidence, both for low and high doses, both of which are considered to be of high risk of bias. We also found that about 1 in 5 (1.5%) more of the people on the lower dose group had a 30% or more pain reduction than the participants on the higher dose, which was about 11% more (11% to 39%) than for patients on a higher dose (low and high quality of information, both from high-risk of bias) and about 2 in 10 people (2% to 24%) who had this benefit with placebo (high quality of results, from high to very high quality evidence). About one in five (1% to 10%) of those on the low-dose group had this improvement in pain, which is the same as for the other groups (1 in 10) (from high to high-quality of evidence). Serious side-effects were not more common with placebo than with the high-dose dose (very low to very low risk of side-side-effects, from very low to low evidence). Withdrawals due to side-effect were about 10% more common in people on low doses than with placebo, but withdrawals due to lack of effect were about 6% less (high or very low results, both high and low, for both outcomes). We did not find any difference in the numbers of people who stopped the drug because of side effects between the two groups. We calculated that about one in 40 (40%) of people would have had a long-term effect on pain without stopping the drug, and one in 20 (20%) would have achieved this with placebo. We had no concerns about imputation (i.e. people who have been on the drug for a long
We found one randomised controlled trial (involving 135 women with mild pre-eclampsia at term) that was at a low risk of bias. The trial did not report any of this review's prespecified outcomes. There was no difference in Apgar score less than seven at five minutes, nor gestational age at birth, nor in the rates of postpartum haemorrhage or caesarean birth. There were significantly more maternal side effects (feeling warm and flushed) in the treatment group than in the placebo group, but no adverse events were severe or severe enough to stop the use of the drug. No differences were seen between the groups in rates of haemoglobin in the blood after the birth and caesarian section. There is currently not enough evidence to assess the effectiveness and safety of giving this drug to women for the protection of the brain of the term fetus.
This is an update of a review that was first published in 2010. The aim of the review was to find out whether or not these interventions can help people from Indigenous and non-Indigenous groups to quit the use of drugs and other drugs to help them quit smoking. Only four trials were found that met the requirements for inclusion in the review. All four of these were conducted in the USA, one in the UK and one each in Australia, New Zealand, Brazil and the UK. The results of the studies showed that people from the Indigenous groups were more than twice as likely to quit smoking as those from non-indigenous groups. This is despite the fact that there are many other ways to stop smoking, such as counselling, counselling by telephone, face-to-face counselling, or through text messages or e-mail. There was no clear difference in the risk of dying from any of the treatments. However, there were more deaths in the Indigenous group than in the non-Indian group. This means that there is a gap in knowledge and understanding of the best ways to help people to quit. More research is needed in this area.
We included 13 studies (5686 adult patients) in our review. All of the studies had a high risk of bias (i.e. there was a chance of bias in the way participants and staff were put into the groups at random) and blinding of patients and staff was not blinded in about 50% of the trials. We found that the pooled risk of death was 1.02 (range 0.96 to 1.09) and the risk of dying in the ICU was 0.98. We did not find that the use of a PAC had an effect on the number of deaths in ICUs or in hospitals. We also found that PAC did not change the length of time spent in ICU or in hospital, or the cost of care. However, we did find that hospital costs were higher in the PAC groups. We concluded that PAC is a diagnostic tool but not a therapy. Newer, less-invasive monitoring tools need to be tested against PAC before they can be used in intensive care in adults.
The aim of this Cochrane review was to assess the benefits and harms of venepuncture and heel lance in term neonates. Six studies with a total of 478 infants were found. The use of a sweet-tastes solution (sugar-based solution) was found to reduce the number of skin punctures required. The risk of requiring more than one skin puncture was reduced by the use of sweet tasting solutions.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing the use of secondary suturing versus resuturing of broken down perineal wounds (episiotomy wound at point of entry) in women who had a dehisced and/or infected episiotomy after childbirth. We found no RCTs that had been run for more than six months. Only one RCT (52 women) reported on wound healing at less than four weeks. There was a trend to favour this outcome in the resuture group, however, this was not found to be a trend that could be ruled out by chance (one RCT, 17 women). Similarly, there was no difference between the groups in terms of rates of dyspareunia (period pain) at two months and six months (one study, 26 women) and one study, 32 women). This RCT reported data on the numbers of women who resumed sex by the end of the first six months after surgery and found that more women in the sutured group had done so by two months, although by six months there was still no difference in the numbers who had not had sex. Neither of the other trials included information on pain at any time interval; the woman's satisfaction with the appearance of the wound; the quality of life of the mother and her child; exclusive breastfeeding; or the effect on the health of the baby. Based on this review, there is currently not enough information to decide whether or not to use sutures to repair broken down wounds following childbirth. There is an urgent need for a large, well-designed and well-conducted RCT to determine the best way to treat these wounds.
We included 18 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 2521 participants in this review. Most of the RCTs compared Chinese herbs with antiviral drugs (antiviral drugs are drugs that block the action of the virus that can cause flu, such as flu-like flu and measles, mumps, and rubies), but some of the herbs were found to be better than other types of drugs. Only three trials showed that compared with the use of an antiviral drug, Chinese medicinal herbs may be effective in preventing flu and in alleviating flu symptoms. Most Chinese herbs in the included studies showed similar effects to the antivirals in preventing or treating flu. Few were shown to be superior to the drugs. There were no obvious adverse events in any of the studies. However, the quality of the trials was poor and more high-quality research is needed.
We included eight randomised and quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 580 adults with HD catheters that had been cuffed or tunnelled. All of the patients had an angioplasty (an operation to open the catheter) to remove the blockage and were followed up for at least 14 days. We found that thrombolytic drugs (drugs that kill clots in the blood) may help restore the catheter to a normal size and function but there is not yet enough evidence to recommend one drug over the other for this treatment. There is no evidence favouring any of these drugs in terms of the need for dialysis or the risk of adverse events. Catheters are likely to survive for 14 to 42 days after the use of a drug and are improved by removal of the fibrin sheath or by exchange of the cathetes. Catheter patency is poor following use of drugs and is improved by removing the sheath and replacing it with a new one. However, there is no clear advantage of any drug over any other for improving the number of days that patients need to be on dialysis. Most of the studies included in this review were judged to have a high risk of bias and may have been influenced by the drug industry. More research is needed to find the best way to treat HD catheter blockage.
We found 17 randomised and quasi-randomised controlled trials (2674 patients randomised) reporting on 22 treatments in 2116 women with metastatic breast cancer. Fifteen of these trials (20 treatment comparisons) reported results for tumour response and 11 of the trials (14 trials) reported time-to-event (time from the start of the trial to the end of treatment) data for overall survival. There were 1532 deaths in the 2116 patients who were randomised to trials of the addition of a drug to the regimen and control (the regimen alone). There was no difference in overall survival between these patients, with an overall HR of 0.96 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.87 to 1.07, P = 0.47) and no effect on the time to progression. Addition of one or more drugs to the treatment regimen showed a large increase in the number of patients with tumours that had shrunk in comparison with those who were treated with the regimen alone. However, this did not lead to a reduction in the risk of dying from breast cancer or in the time taken for the tumour to progress. There was an increased risk of side effects such as alopecia (hair loss), nausea and vomiting and leucopenia (scarring of the white blood cells) with the use of drugs.
The aim of this review was to assess the benefits and harms of the use of a neonatal neonatal intensive care unit (NNLU) for critically ill patients who are not in the ICU. Ten trials with a total of 1896 patients were included in the review. The NLU was found to be no better or worse than ICU care in terms of reducing the risk of death in the short term (i.e. in the first few days after discharge from the NLU) or the length of time spent in hospital. Patients discharged from a NNLU were better prepared for discharge but it is not clear if this was due to a reduction in the number of days spent in intensive care. The cost of care on the NNU was higher in the UK and lower in the US.
We found 11 randomised, double-blind, placebo-based, non-surgical, randomized, and quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 414 adults and adults with CTS. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2015. The included studies compared the use of therapeutic ultrasound with placebo (a fake treatment) or no treatment, or with other non-surgery treatments for CTS, such as splinting, exercises, and drugs. There is not enough good quality evidence to show that one type of treatment is more effective than any other. Only one low-quality, low-risk, and short-term (at least three months after the end of treatment) study showed that people with COS may be more likely to be satisfied with their treatment if they received the same type of therapy with or without a splint or splint. There was no difference between groups in terms of symptoms, function, and neurophysiologic (muscle and brain) parameters. No adverse events were reported in any of the studies, but this was only measured in three studies. Overall, there is not much evidence that one treatment is better than the other. More research is needed to find out if there are any side effects of the therapy. The risk of bias was low in some studies and unclear or high in other studies, with only a few reporting that participants were not aware of which group they were in.
We included eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of more than 10,000 participants in this review. The active interventions were pravastatin, atorvastatin (a drug that blocks the effects of blood flow to the heart and circulates blood around the body, known as a statin), simvastat, clofibrate, and conjugate oestrogen. There was no clear effect on the risk of stroke recurrence in those with a previous haemorrhagic stroke and it is not clear whether statins should be started immediately post stroke or later. There is evidence that statin therapy in patients with a history of ischaemic stroke or TIA (a stroke in which blood clots form in the brain and clot and can lead to stroke or death) reduces coronary events (heart attack or stroke-like events) in those who have had a stroke before but there was no evidence that such intervention reduced all-cause mortality or sudden death.
The aim of this review was to assess the impact of such campaigns on the use of tobacco in the USA and to assess whether they had an effect on the proportion of adults who smoked and on the number of people who stopped or quit smoking. We included 11 campaigns in this review. Studies differed in design, settings, length of follow-up, methods of evaluation and also in the types of methods used to measure the effects of the campaigns. Overall, we found that there was an increase in the percentage of smokers who stopped and quit smoking in four of the eight large-scale campaigns of the studies that showed some effect, although in one of them the effect was measured for quit rates and cutting down rates combined. Six of nine small-scale studies carried out in communities or regions showed some effects on smoking in adults and at least one change in the proportion who smoked. There was no clear effect on age, education, ethnicity or gender. There is a need for more research in this area.
We included 24 studies with a total of 2166 participants. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. We found that, when compared with no therapy, yoga can improve health-related quality of life, reduce fatigue and sleep disturbances in the short term and has no short-term effects on fatigue or fatigue in the medium term. Yoga does not appear to be as good as other forms of exercise, but it might be used as an alternative to other types of exercise programmes. We did not find any long-term effect on health-quality of life or sleep disturbances, and we found no serious adverse events. When compared with psychosocial/educational interventions, we found moderate- and very low-quality studies that showed that yoga can reduce the risk of depression, anxiety and fatigue, as well as the number of days that people feel tired and sleepy. We also found no studies that looked at the safety of the intervention. We rated the quality of the evidence as moderate to very low. This means that further research is very likely to have an effect on our confidence in the estimate of effect and is likely to change the estimate.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in adults and adults with brain tumours of any size. We found one RCT comparing early (48 hours after surgery) and no early post-operative imaging in 125 adults who had surgery for brain tumour (GBM: World Health Organization (WHO) grade 4 glioma). Most patients in the study had surgery to remove all of the tumour in the brain and were then followed by combined radiotherapy and temozolomide (a drug used to treat tumour shrinkage) treatment. Evidence from this RCT showed that there may be little or no difference in survival (deaths) at one year after diagnosis of GBM (48% vs 55% died) and at the end of two years after the surgery (86% vs 81% died). No other outcomes were reported. We did not find any information on the effectiveness of other types of post-surgery imaging, and we found no evidence on the cost-effectiveness of imaging. The included RCT was at high risk of bias, which means that the results may be imprecise and may not represent the truth.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing chlorpromazine with metiapine in a total of 161 people with schizophrenia. There was no clear difference between the two drugs in terms of improvement in quality of life. Chlorpromazine was no more or less effective in reducing the risk of parkinsonism at eight weeks. There were no useable results for readmission due to relapse, the number of people who were readmitted to hospital due to a relapse, satisfaction with treatment, aggressive or violent behaviour, or cost of care. The quality of evidence was very low.
The aim of this review was to determine which of these drugs was the best way to prevent a recurrence of Crohn's disease after surgery. Twenty-three studies were identified for inclusion. The use of nitroimidazole and mesalamine (antibiotics) appeared to reduce the risk of recurrence after surgery and endoscopy. However, these drugs were associated with a greater risk of adverse events than placebo. Azathioprine/6MP and infliximab (an antifungal drug) all appear to be better than placebo for the treatment of post-operative recurrence. Neither drug had a higher risk than placebo of serious adverse events. There is not enough data to draw conclusions about the effects of other drugs.
We found that there is no difference in effectiveness for any of the psychosocial treatments in reducing the use of drugs and alcohol in people who use illicit drugs. We found low to very low-risk of bias in most of the trials, and we judged the majority of the studies to have a high or unclear risk of bias, which means that we cannot be certain that their results are valid. There were no data for alcohol-related harm, which is a measure of harm that is thought to be caused by misuse of alcohol. There was no difference between groups in the effects of a 12-step (12-step) programme (one study), a brief intervention (three trials), a short-term (less than 30 days) treatment as usual (three studies), or a treatment as a treatment only (three randomised, quasi-randomised, placebo-based, non-experimental study), or in the effectiveness of a brief treatment intervention compared with a longer-term treatment (more than six months) or an assessment only (one trial). There was moderate-risk bias in all of the included trials, which meant that we were not able to draw any conclusions about the effect of brief interventions. There is low- risk bias in many of the interventions and we are not confident that they are of high quality. This means that further research is likely to have an effect on our conclusions and may change them.
We found 23 trials with a total of 1586 participants. Fifty-eight per cent of these participants were from five studies that had not been published yet. The most commonly used quinine dosage was 300 mg/day (range 200 to 500 mg daily). We found no new trials when we last searched in 2014. The risk of bias in the trials was high and the risk of play of chance (i.e. chance of arriving at the wrong result by chance) was high. Quinine was used to treat cramps for 28 days in 20% to 40% of people, and cramp days were reduced by 20% in 10% to 30% in people who took quine compared to a placebo. The number of cramps over the first week was reduced by 28% and the number of days with cramp intensity by 10% in the first two weeks of treatment. Cramp duration was not affected. A greater number of people suffered side-effects on quine than on placebo (3% to 3.5% more), but these were mostly mild, such as diarrhoea, nausea, and headache. There was no difference in serious side-side-effects. One participant suffered from thrombocytopenia (blood clots in a blood clot in a clotting cell in the leg) on quinaine. A combination of theophylline (an amino acid found in the blood) and quininesulfonyl-bisphosphonate (a type of amino acid) did not improve cramps any more than quine alone, and there was no effect on cramp length of time or on the number or cramp day. The only side-effect that was reported in one study was anemia (low white blood cell count), which occurred in 0% to 0.1% of the people taking part in the study. There is no evidence to judge the best dose or length of treatment for muscle cramp in adults. Because serious side effects are not common, large, long-term studies are required to more accurately estimate the risk. Longer lengths of follow-up in future trials will help to determine the duration of action of the drugs used and the occurrence of adverse events.
We found that for idiopathic cramps (involving older adults who did not have a known cause of leg cramps but who did have leg pain at night) there was no difference in the number of cramps per week (0.01 cramps/week) or the average reduction in cramp rate (25% or more) between the two groups. There was also no change in the intensity of the cramp or the length of time it took to get to the next cramp. The number of people who dropped out of the studies due to side effects of the treatment was not different from that in the other groups. We found no studies of other types of muscle cramps such as exercise- or disease-based cramps. It is not possible to draw conclusions about the use of magnesium for the treatment of rest cramps or for pregnant women with leg pain. More research is needed in these groups.
We found one study that compared a six-month, home-based, combined strength and aerobic (e.g. walking) training program in 14 people with SMA type 3. The age range of the participants was from 10 years to 48 years. The strength training was done at home in the first week of each month for six months, and the rest of the time in the usual care group in the second week of every month. The training group did not differ from the other groups in terms of the number of people who could walk at the end of the six-minute walk test. People in the training group were able to walk 24.0 m further than those in the group that did not do the strength training, which is an improvement of 3 points on a 0- to 66-point range. The quality of the study was very low, which means that we are uncertain about the results. The study did not assess the effect of exercise on quality of life, and did not look at the impact of the training on physical activity levels. No serious adverse events or adverse events leading to withdrawal from the study occurred, but we cannot draw any conclusions from this very low-certainty evidence. It is not possible to draw conclusions about the effects of exercise training in SMA types 2 and 3 due to limitations in the design of the trial and imprecision of the findings.
We found that surgery may be better in the short-term (up to one year after surgery) for pain, weakness and sensory loss in patients with cervical radiculopathy, but not in the long-term. It is not clear whether there are any longer-term benefits from surgery. There is low- to very low-quality evidence that patients with mild myelopathy feel subjectively better shortly after surgery, but there is no difference between surgery and other forms of treatment.
The aim of this review was to assess the impact of the use of the telephone in health care on the number of visits to GP's and in- and out-of-hours visits by other health care providers. Nine studies were found that met the criteria for inclusion in the review, six of which were by a doctor, four by a nurse and one by a clinic clerk. There was no difference between the groups in the numbers of GP's who used the telephone for consultations. In general at least 50% of calls were handled by telephone advice alone. Telephone consultation appears to reduce the need for GP's to make an out- of-hours visit for surgery or for other non-emergency care. However, questions remain about its impact on service use and more research is needed.
We included 84 studies (22,872 participants) in this review. The results of this review show that there are no substantive, meaningful benefits of MI for preventing alcohol use, misuse or alcohol-related problems. We found that there was a marginal effect in favour of MI in reducing the amount of alcohol consumed, the number of days/week that alcohol was consumed and peak blood alcohol concentration, or BAC, or a drop in BAC from 0.144% to 0.05. There was no effect on the risk of drink-driving, binge-drinking or other types of risky behaviour. None of the studies reported harms related to MI. Overall, the effect sizes were too small, and the quality of evidence was not strong, meaning that any effects could be over-estimated or could be due to bias. There were no clear subgroup effects for longer-term outcomes (four or more months) for the use of MI, for university/college vs other settings, or for higher risk vs all/low risk participants.
We searched for studies up to April 2017, and we included 29 studies with a total of 2210 adults and children. All participants had asthma, and follow-up ranged from 2 to 26 weeks. We included three types of training: face-to-face (e.g. in a doctor's or nurse's office) sessions, multi-media-delivered training (such as a DVD, computer app or game) and a technique feedback device (a device that gives feedback when a patient shows that he or she has used the right type of inhaler technique) or using correct or 'good enough' technique. We did not find any studies that looked at people who did not have asthma, so we could not draw any conclusions about whether any of these types of intervention led to improvements in asthma control or in quality of life for adults or in children. We found that people who were taught to use the correct or good-enough technique in the first few weeks after the intervention were more likely to have an asthma flare-up than those who were not taught technique. People who were trained in the use of a number of devices showed improvement in the number of people who showed that they had used the correct technique, but we were not able to tell whether this was important for people with asthma. We also found that more people in the training groups showed improvement when we looked at the results of a'referral' (a test that asks people to rate how well they have used their inhaler in the past four weeks) than in the control groups. We were unable to draw conclusions about harms from this type of training. Most of the studies did not show that any of the treatments led to improvement in patients' asthma. Inhaler technique interventions may work in some people, although we are not sure how often or how often they should be done. It is not clear whether such treatments will have a clear impact on patients' health. Most studies were at low or unclear risk of bias, which means that we cannot be sure of the accuracy of their results. We considered most of the evidence to be of low or very low quality. This was due to problems with the design of some of the trials, which may have led to imprecision in the estimates of effect.
We found three trials, with a total of 226 participants, that compared mannitol with placebo or no treatment in people with an ischaemic stroke (stroke with no known cause) or with patients who had had a stroke that had been detected by a CT scan (implantation of computed tomography (CT) of the brain). None of the three trials provided information on the number of people who died or were not able to work out whether or not they would be able to do so. The trials did not report side-effects of the treatments, so we do not know if there are any serious side effects. There is currently not enough evidence to recommend the routine use of mannolitol in patients with acute stroke.
This review found that D-penicillamine appears to be a safe and well-treatable drug for patients with rheumatoid arthritis, but with a greater risk of side-effects than other disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drugs.
We included four studies in this review. All of them used a decoction of Huangqi compounds (Chinese herbs, such as Astragalus spp. and Paeonychia spp.) as the intervention with chemotherapy. Three of the studies compared the use of the decoctions with chemotherapy alone and the fourth compared them with two other Chinese herbal interventions. We found no evidence of harm from using these herbs. There was a reduction in the proportion of patients who experienced nausea & vomiting when decoixes of the Huangqi herbs were used in addition to chemotherapy. The rate of leucopenia (a decrease in the number of white blood cells) was also decreased. Huangqi drugs had no effect on Immunoglobulins G, A or M. Due to the lack of evidence, we are not able to draw any conclusions about the effectiveness of Chinese herbs in the treatment of patients with cancer. We need high quality randomised controlled studies.
We found three RCTs that met our criteria. The three trials included a total of 866 participants aged four to 55 years with RP of all forms of genetic predisposition. One trial evaluated the effect of vitamin A alone, one trial evaluated DHA alone, and a third trial compared vitamin A and DHA with the same dose of DHA. None of the trials had a protocol, so it was not clear how participants were assigned to treatment groups, and one trial did not specify how it was done, so there was an unclear risk of bias. All three studies were of high risk of systematic error (ie, there was a chance of arriving at wrong conclusions because of the way that participants were put into treatment groups) and of bias (there was a potential to arrive at the wrong conclusions by using the wrong treatment group). The mean change in visual field from baseline at one year was not reported in any of the studies. No adverse events were reported in these three trials. No trial found any clear benefit of treatment with vitamin A or DHA for people with RP in terms of visual field loss or visual acuity loss. Two of the three trials found that some subgroups of the treatment group had greater ERG amplitudes than the control group, but these findings have not been found in any other trials. Based on the results of three randomised trials, there is no clear evidence for benefit of the use of vitamins A and/or DHA in the treatment of RP.
We included three RCTs with a total of 414 participants at risk of job loss. The majority of participants had IA, most with RA and to a lesser degree AS, and all had rheumatoid arthritis. The interventions aimed to prevent job loss and improve work functioning in several ways: firstly by evaluating work changes or changes to work procedures, and then by providing any type of person-directed intervention, such as advice, help with work tasks and training. The duration or dose of the interventions ranged from one 1.5-hour to eight-hour session over five months, and from one consultation and multidisciplinary treatments during three months, to six to eight individual or group sessions over six months, in one trial. All participants were recruited through clinics, both in or outside hospitals. We found very low to very low quality evidence that the interventions had an effect on job loss, work absenteeism and work function in the short-term (i.e. six months or less) and medium term (more than six months) in all three of these outcomes. We identified no side effects from the interventions in any of the three trials. Overall, we judged the quality of the evidence to be very low due to the risk of bias in the way the trials were run and run, and the small size of some of the results.
We found three studies that included a total of 285 preterm infants (140 of whom received arginine; the other 140 did not receive treatment) from three countries. We assessed the quality of evidence as good. We found that the number needed to treat for an effect on NEC (any stage) was 6 (range 4 to 10) and that the risk of NEC (stage 2 and stage 3) was 0.05 (range 0.02 to 1.01). The risk of death due to any cause was not different in the control or no treatment groups. We did not find any significant side-effects of the treatment (low blood pressure, low blood sugar or changes in glucose homeostasis) at three months of age. Follow-up data from one of the three included studies revealed no differences in adverse events (cerebral palsy, cognitive delay, bilateral blindness or hearing loss requiring hearing aids) at 36 months after the end of follow-up. Limitations of the findings include a small overall sample size and a need for a large, well-designed, multi-centre randomised trial.
We included four trials with a total of 1943 adults with acute sinusitis. The trials were well-designed and double-blind and compared INCS with placebo or no intervention for 15 or 21 days. The rates of loss to follow-up were 7%, 11%, 41% and 10%. When we combined the results from the three trials included in the meta-analysis, we found that people receiving INCS were more than twice as likely to have symptoms resolved or improved than those in the placebo group (73% versus 66.4%). Higher doses of INCS had a stronger effect on improvement of symptoms or complete relief: for mometasone furoate 400 µg versus 200 µg. No adverse events were reported and there was no difference in the drop-out and recurrence rates for the treatment groups and for groups in which INCS was used as an adjuvant to antibiotics.
This review found that the use of prophylactic vancomycin reduced the incidence of both total neonatal nosocomial sepsis and coagulase negative staphylococcus aureus in the neonate. The number of deaths, length of time spent in hospital, and evidence of adverse effects of the treatment were not different in the two groups. There was not enough evidence to assess the risks of the risk of the development of antibiotic-resistant organisms in the nurseries in which these trials were carried out.
This is an update of a review first run in 2004. We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) on the use of dressers or dressers for wounds that had been cut or cut with a scalpel. We found 13 RCTs on dressings or dressings for wounds healing by secondary intention. The choice of dressing or dressing was compared with other dressers (e.g. gauze, foam, alginate) or no dressers. A plaster cast applied to an amputation stump accelerated wound healing. There were no differences in the length of time it took for wounds to heal for other dressing comparisons (11 trials). Gauze caused more pain than other dressings (4 trials) and patients were less satisfied with gauze. Gauze is inexpensive but its use is associated with more nursing time than foam (2 trials). Length of time spent in hospital did not differ in people after amputation when plaster casts were used (one trial). One trial found that plaster casts resulted in a longer time in hospital in people who had had their leg amputated (30.10 days) when they were treated with a plaster cast compared with compression (one study). We found only a few good quality trials; the evidence is not strong enough to say whether the choice of dresser or dressing affects the healing of wounds after surgery. Foam is best studied as an alternative for gauze and appears to be preferable as to pain reduction, patient satisfaction and nursing time.
We found 11 randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, and quasi-randomized (where participants were put into one of two or more treatment groups but not put in the same group) studies that included 1482 women. Five of these were from the 1980s and six from 2005 to 2014. Four studies looked at the use of a type of birth-control pill called a COC, and three looked at a method called an intrauterine system (IUD) that is inserted in the uterus. We did not find any evidence that any of these methods were more or less safe than other methods for women who wanted to breastfeed. Most of the studies did not show that one method was better than any other. For breast milk volume, two studies showed that the COC group had less breast milk than the placebo group, e.g. at 16 weeks and at 24 weeks of age. A COC also had less weight gain than no method for six weeks but less than depot medroxyprogesterone acetate (DMPA) from 6 to 12 weeks. Of four trials that assessed infant growth, three showed no difference between groups. The other four trials did not report any difference between the groups in milk volume or body mass index (kg/m2) with one method, two methods, or the etonogestrel-releasing implant. The quality of evidence was low for three of four trials of COCs or POPs and low for the others. The evidence was limited for any type of hormonal method.
This review found that red-light cameras are effective in reducing the number of total and right-angle (spillover) crash events. However, most of the trials did not adjust for RTM or spillover and this may have had an effect on their results. More research is needed.
We included four studies with a total of 494 participants in this review. Three of the four trials (383 patients) compared a 10-mg warfarin dose with a 5-mg dose. The other three trials (494 patients) used a higher dose (10-mg). We found that the higher dose of 10 mg was better than the lower dose (5 mg) for achieving an INR of 2.0 to 3.0 on the fifth day of treatment. The higher dose was found to reduce the risk of bleeding at 14 to 90 days after the end of the first day of anticoagulant treatment. We did not find a difference in the number of patients who had a blood clot in the leg at 14 or 90 days when the 10 mg dose was compared with the 5 mg dose. We also found that there was no benefit when comparing the doses of 5 mg and 10 mg in patients with venous thromboembolism at 90 days. There was no difference between the doses in the length of time that patients were in and out of hospital. We found no differences in the occurrence of blood clots in other parts of the body (e.g. joints, legs, and feet) or in length of hospital stay between the groups. We are not able to draw any conclusions about the best dose of warfarins for the initial treatment of patients with DVT or PE aged 18 years or older because of differences in types of patients and length of follow-up in the included in the studies. We rated the quality of the available for each of the studies as moderate to very low.
We found that some of the models of enhanced care and care used in the trials may reduce the risk of delirium and reduce the length of time spent in hospital for people with dementia who have had a hip fracture. However, the certainty of these results is low. There were no data from any of the trials for our other main outcome, quality of life, and we were not able to draw any conclusions with confidence. There was low-certainty that enhanced care may reduce rates of post-surgery delirum and very low certainty that it may lead to lower rates of some other complications. We found that, compared to orthopaedic-led management, geriatrician-led care in-hospital led by a geriatricians' team may reduce hospital stay by an average of four days. There is a need for more research in this area, and to find the best way to provide the best care for older adults who have a hip or leg fracture.
We found that home-based care does not reduce children's need to be in hospital for any length of time, but that there is a reduction in the length of stay in hospital and improvement in children's health. Home care was reported to be more costly for service providers with substantial cost savings for the family in two of the trials, while in one of the other trials there were no cost benefits for the child or adult for home care. There was no effect on parental burden of care or on the quality of life of the children.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing ICM versus no ICM or ICM and ICM with non-ICM in adults with schizophrenia. We found 40 RCTs with 7524 adults with a mean age of over 30 years of age. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2016. When ICM was compared with standard care, we found that ICM may reduce the number of days spent in hospital per month and the average number of people who left the trial early compared to standard care. However, ICM probably makes little or no difference in the average time spent in the hospital or in the numbers of patients who were admitted to hospital compared to non- ICM. We also found that people who received ICM were less likely to be at risk of death by suicide and were more likely to leave the trial before the end of the trial. There was no clear effect of ICM on the risk of being dropped out of the study and there was uncertainty about the effect of the ICM group on the rate of unemployment. When we looked at ICM in the same way as ICM for the outcomes of service use and number of admissions, there was moderate- to very low-risk of bias in the results. The majority of studies had a high risk of bias, which means that the true effect may be very different from what we found. The quality of evidence was low or very low for all comparisons. The main reasons for this were lack of precision and imprecision.
Twenty-five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 464 adult trainees (aged 18 years and above) were included in this review. All but one trial were at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions due to play of chance) and all but one of the trials had flaws in the way they were run. Overall, 16 RCTs (464 adults) compared box training (248 trainees) with no supplementary training (216 trainees). All the 16 trials in this comparison used videos to train trainees. There were no trials on animal models or cadaveric (dead) models of box training. The time taken to complete the task was 0.48 seconds shorter in the box-trainer group than in the control group (8 trials; 249 trainees; 95% CI -0.48 to 0.22). The time to reach the end of the box was 3.79 seconds in the group of trainees who were trained with a simple cardboard box trainer (36 participants) compared with the time taken by trainees in the other three groups. There was no difference in the time to achieve the task in the remaining three comparisons (reverse alignment versus forward alignment box training; box trainer suturing compared with box trainer drills; and single incision compared with multiport box training). The only trial that measured accuracy score found that box-trained trainees had a higher accuracy score than those who were not trained in any of the other types of box-training. One trial found that trainees with a box-based suture method had a significantly higher score compared with trainees without a box trainee training. There appeared to be no differences in technical skills between the two groups in any comparisons. None of the remaining secondary outcomes such as death or morbidity were reported in the trials when animal models were used for assessment of training, error in movements, and trainee quality of life. The results of this review are threatened by both risks of systematic errors (bias) and risks of random errors (play of chance). Laparoscopic box model training appears to improve technical skills compared with no training in trainees having no previous laparoscopy experience. The impact of this decreased time on patients and healthcare funders in terms of improved outcomes or decreased costs is not known. There appears to be little or no effect on technical skills or on patient-centred outcomes.
The aim of this review was to assess the effectiveness and safety of peroral glucocorticosteroids for patients with primary sclerosing cholangitis. Only one trial (17 patients) compared hydrocortisone with saline and found that the use of the peroral corticosteroid tended to increase the risk of Pancreatitis, pancreatitis, and other serious side effects. The other trial (18 patients) evaluated budesonide (prednisone) and found higher serum bilirubin concentrations after prednisone. No other results were found for any of the treatments.
The aim of this review was to assess the impact of the timing of support (early or later) on the risk of death and disability in people with stroke who are in the first few days after the stroke. A total of 11 trials were found that addressed this question. Seven of the trials (284 participants) reported on death and the risk was 0.67 (95% CI 0.41 to 1.07) for those who received early support. Five of the studies (207 patients) reported death. The risk at the end of follow-up of the first week post-stroke and the number of deaths were 0.66 and 0.75, the same as for people who received support earlier. Three of the included trials reported on disability and there was no difference in the risk for any of these outcomes. In one trial (one of three) there were no deaths and it is not possible to draw any conclusion from this trial. One of the other trials did not report any deaths and the RR was not estimated. This review suggests that early feeding may be associated with a trend towards better outcomes in terms of survival and disability. Further trials are required. These trials should report not only nutritional outcomes but also the effects of the time taken for a stroke to progress to the next stage of life.
We found 57 randomised, quasi-randomised, controlled trials (RCTs) that randomised a total of 34,390 adults (aged 18 years and over) who were randomly put into one of three groups: (1) people who received no intervention, (2) those who received a face-to-face (where they were not put in a group at the start of the study) or (3) a group who were put into a group where they were put in between the groups at the end of the follow-up period. The RCTs compared participants who had received a digital intervention to those who had not received one or no intervention. The main sources of bias were from people who dropped out of the trials and from not being able to keep participants aware of whether they were in the group receiving the intervention. Forty one studies (42 comparisons, 19,241 adults) provided data for the main meta-analysis, which showed that people who used a'smart phone' (i.e. a mobile phone) or'smart-phone' intervention drank about three drinks per week less than people who did not use a smart-phone. Fifteen studies (16 comparisons, 10,862 adults) showed that participants who were part of a digital group had less than one drinking day per month less than those who were not part of the digital group, and about one binge-drink session less per month in the intervention group. In 15 studies (9791 adults) people in the treatment group drank one drink per day less than participants in the control group. Only five studies (390 adults) looked at people who had been in the same place at the same time during the study and found that there was no difference in the amount of alcohol they drank. Thus, there were no clear benefits or harms of the use of these types of tools. The quality of evidence was rated as high for all outcomes except for 'B' (amount of drinking per week), which was judged to be of moderate quality. This means that further research is likely to have an impact on our confidence in the estimate of the effect and may change the estimate. The evidence was of moderate to low quality for 'quality of life' and 'adverse effects'.
We included 24 studies with a total of 4233 participants in the review, of which 2124 were randomised to benzodiazepine and 1475 to a fake drug (placebo). The remaining 634 people were randomly allocated to other treatments in three-arm trials. We assessed the quality of the evidence as low for both of the main outcomes. We found that the number of people who responded to treatment was 1.65 times more in favour of benzodiazapine than placebo, and the dropout rate was 6 times less. The same was seen for people who were in remission and for those who were able to function in society. We also found that a higher proportion of people had at least one side effect when they were treated with benzodizepine than with the fake drug. The number of patients who dropped out due to side effects was also more with the drug than with placebo. The quality of evidence was low for all other outcomes. This means that we are uncertain about the results and that future research may change them. The studies were of poor quality and did not look at the long-term effects of treatment. Therefore, the choice of the best treatment should be guided by the patient's preference and should balance the short-term side-effects and long-lasting benefits and harms.
We found 13 trials (1520 participants randomised to tai chi or no intervention, all of which were short-term (less than one year) and none of which had a long-term follow-up period (more than three months). All of the trials included healthy adults (over 18 years of age) who were at high risk of CVD (e.g. heart attack, stroke or stroke) or had been diagnosed with high blood pressure or high blood lipids (hypertension, high blood lipid levels or both) or were at risk of heart attack or stroke. The duration and style of tai Chi differed between trials. Seven trials (903 healthy adults) recruited healthy adults, the other seven included people with borderline hypertension or hypertension, elderly people at high-risk of falling, and people with hypertension with a severe form of the disease known as liver and kidney deficiency syndrome. There were no deaths from any cause, all-cause deaths or non-fatal events as most studies were short term (all studies had a duration of one year or less) and there was a wide range of risk factors for CVD. There was not enough information to draw conclusions about whether tai chun is a good way to reduce CVD risk factors. There is a need for more research in this area. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. All the trials had at least one area of risk of bias, and some had some risk of systematic errors (i.e. imprecision) that could have led to bias.
We included 27 RCTs in this review. The age of participants ranged from 11 to 14 years of age, and the age of the intervention was between 11 and 14 years old. The interventions were very varied in the types of family intervention, the other risk behaviours that were targeted alongside tobacco, the length of follow-up and the number of children who had smoked at the end of the study period. Most of the interventions were based in the USA, two in Europe, one in Australia and one in India. The control conditions fell in one of two main groups: no intervention or usual care; or school-based (where there was no intervention but there was a school 'good behaviour' programme) programme that was provided to all of the children in the school. These two groups of studies were considered separately when we combined the results of the studies. We were not able to combine data from all studies in a format that could be used in a meta-analysis (combining of results), but we were able to pool the results from nine studies (4810 adults and children) that reported the proportion of non-smokers who had started to smoke compared to the proportion who had not at the start of the trial. This suggests that a family-based intervention might reduce uptake or use of tobacco by between 16 and 32% compared to a control group that did not receive the intervention. We found that most of the programmes used a high intensity approach, which aims to change the way in which a child is taught about and cared for by their parents. There were more studies of this type of intervention in this group than in the other groups. Based on these results, we would expect that out of 1000 children who received the high intensity programme to be at risk of starting to smoke, compared to 1000 who did not, there would be about 1000 who would not have been at risk. We did not find that any of the other types of intervention had an effect on the number who had already started to use tobacco at the beginning of the trials. There was no evidence that there were any side effects of the programs. Most studies had a judgement of 'unclear' for at least one risk of bias criteria, so the quality of evidence was down graded from high to moderate. This means that we are uncertain about the accuracy of the results.
We found three randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 451 adults with non-small cell lung cancer. Two of the RCTs compared dexamethasone (an anti-nausea drug) to a dummy drug (placebo), and the third compared a range of corticosteroids (drugs that mimic the effects of steroids) to placebo. The duration of the studies ranged from seven to 14 days. We found very low-quality evidence from these studies that corticopramide was no better or worse than placebo for nausea and vomiting in adult cancer patients. There was no difference in frequency of adverse events, and the treatments were well-treatable. The quality of this evidence was downgraded by three levels, from high to very low, due to imprecision, small size, and risk of bias.
We included 10 RCTs of high-risk children who were at high risk of developing LRTIs. Three of these were in HIV-infected children (n = 1345), four were in cystic fibrosis, four in sickle cell disease and one in cancer. The other three were in low birth weight neonates with breathing problems. The length of follow-up ranged from seven days to three years. We were not able to assess the risk of bias in two of the studies, due to lack of data. We found that in children with HIV, there was no difference in the number of children who developed a lung infection (pneumococcal septicaemia) compared to those who did not. There was an increased risk of a pathogenic (pathogenic) strain of the bacteria that caused the lung infection in one of the other three studies. In the one study in the HIV group, a greater proportion of the children developed a severe lung infection with penicillin V than with azithromycin or ciprofloxacin prophylactics. The risk of death was not increased with co-trimoxazole or isoniazid prophyaxis. There were no increased rates of adverse events due to the use of these drugs in the three studies that assessed this outcome. In two of these, the risk was similar in the two groups of patients treated with these drugs. The quality of evidence was moderate for all of the outcomes. There is a need for more research in this area.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 519 adults (aged 18 years and over) who had an open-heart surgery for any cause. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2018. Three of the nine RCTs were at low risk of bias (i.e. there was no risk of systematic error or play of chance) and none of the other trials were at risk of random error (a type of bias that can lead to overestimation of benefits and under-estimation of harms). All trials compared different gases (nitrous oxide, helium, argon, nitrogen, and room air) with the same gas (carbon dioxide) in the first postoperative day after surgery. We were not able to combine the results from the trials as there were too few people in each group for us to be able to draw conclusions about the effects of nitrous oxide and carbon dioxide on cardiopulmonary (the lungs are the lungs that help to pump blood around the body) or surgical complications (such as heart attack or stroke) or on pain. There were no serious side-effects of the gases. We could not combine results from two trials (140 adults) which showed that people had less pain with room air (room air is a type of air in the body that does not reach a specific pressure) than with carbon dioxide. One trial (70 adults) compared room air to carbon dioxide (75 adults) and found that there were no complications or side effects of room air. One of the trials (33 adults) found that room air may be more cost-effective in reducing the cost of surgery in people undergoing laparoscopy for an open heart surgery. None of the included trials were of high quality (low or very low) and there was a high risk of study bias (ie, there was potential to arrive at wrong conclusions by favouring one or the other group over the other because of the way that the trial was run). The quality of the evidence was very low for all of the outcomes. The main reason for this was that the number of participants in each trial was too few and the study was not at low or unclear risk of error (there was no chance of arriving at wrong results by chance).
We found 14 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) investigating the use of dexamethasone in preterm infants. Eight of these RCTs compared a high versus a low dose of corticosteroid (303 infants) and five compared a low versus a moderate dose. The evidence is up-to-date as of December 2014. We found that there was an increased risk of BPD with a lower dose of the corticostigmine (moderate dose) compared with a high dose. There was no difference in the risk of death or BPD and there was no effect of the dose on long-term brain development. There were no differences in outcomes between a moderate and a low-dosage dose. Four other trials, enrolling 762 preterm babies, looked at whether there was a greater chance of a BPD when the treatment was started early (no more than 24 hours after birth) or later (more than 36 hours) on the first day of life. The two trials that looked at a pulse (pulsed) versus a continuous (pulse is when the drug is administered at a fixed rate over a short period of time) dose showed an increase of the BPD risk when the pulse dose was used. The other four trials looked at if there were any differences in the number of babies who died or had BPD after the first week of life when the first dose was given. Finally, there were no clear differences between the two groups in terms of whether the babies had a more or less stable brain growth. The quality of evidence for all comparisons was assessed as low or very low. This was due to the small sample size, heterogeneity in the included in the trials, non-protocolized use of ‘rescue’ corticantoids, and lack of long-lasting brain development data in most of the studies.
The aim of this review was to assess whether the use of steroids (prednisone, hydrocortisone, dexamethasone, prednisone and corticotrophin) compared with aspirin (aspirin) reduced the risk of heart disease after one year in patients with acute rheumatic fever. Eight trials with a total of 996 people were included in the review. The trials were conducted from 1950 to 2001 in the USA and were of moderate to high risk of bias. The age of most of the studies was too old to be able to draw conclusions about the effectiveness of corticosteroids in reducing heart valve damage. There was no clear benefit when corticostoids were used to treat heart valve problems in people with rheumatoid fever. Adverse events were not well reported in any of the trials. More research is needed in this area.
We included six studies with a total of 12,294 adults and children from 79 communities in Africa, Asia, Latin America and the Caribbean. Two of the studies found that the use of insecticide spray reduced the incidence of trachoma by at least 55% to 61% when compared to no intervention. However, one of the other trials did not find this to be the case. One study found that another fly control measure, latrine provision, reduced the number of flies that live in the latrine by 29.5% when used as a control measure. This effect was not found in the other trial that used insecticides. Health education had shown benefit in one study but not in another. All the studies had some problems with the way they were carried out.
We found 15 studies (1043 CFS patients) comparing CBT with other types of psychosocial treatment. CBT was found to be more than twice as effective in reducing fatigue in people with CFS compared with usual care, and may be more effective than other forms of therapy. There was a lack of evidence on the effectiveness of CBT alone or in combination with other treatments. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found only one low-quality study that had a high risk of bias and a high dropout rate. This means that we are uncertain about the accuracy of the results. We found that people with sickle cell disease who took part in the study had higher serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) levels at eight weeks, at 16 weeks and at 24 weeks compared to people who took a fake drug (placebo) (e.g. a sugar pill) but this was not clear at either time point. People in the fake drug group had more pain days than people in the real drug group, but again, we are not sure if this was a true effect. There was no difference between the groups in terms of adverse events (such as tingling of lips or hands) but we are also not certain about this as the quality of the evidence was low. The quality of evidence for quality of life was moderate. We are not able to draw conclusions about the effects and safety of the use of vitamin D in the long term because of the lack of good quality, well-designed, randomised, placebo-controlled (where no one knows which treatment has been given until after the end of the trial) studies. Until further good quality studies are available, health care providers should use the existing guidelines for vitamin D and calcium intake.
We found only one RCT, which included 26 children aged 4 to 12 years of age, with mild to moderate CAS of no known cause, who received either the Nuffield Dyspraxia Programme-3 (NDP-3) or the Rapid Syllable Transitions Treatment (ReST) therapy. Treatments were given in one-hour sessions four days a week for three weeks in a university clinic in Australia. Speech pathology students delivered the treatments in the English language. Outcomes were assessed at one month and four months after the end of treatment. A number of children in each group had returned to their usual care by the time of the first visit to the speech and language pathologist, but we were not able to analyse the results at this time point as there were not many children who had not returned to treatment by the first time. Both the NDP-3 and ReST were found to be effective in improving word accuracy in 4- to 12-year-old children with CAS, as assessed by the accuracy of production on treated and non-treatable words, and by the consistency of speech production on words repeated three times. ReST was found to have a greater effect than either of the other treatments for the same outcomes. The study did not assess the impact of the treatments on the ability to communicate. We judged all core outcome domains to be low risk of bias, and we judged all outcomes to be of high quality. We are unable to say whether one of the therapies is better than the other, as there was only one study and the results are imprecise. No formal analysis was done by the original authors of the study, and so we cannot be sure which is the best treatment. No studies have been carried out in other age ranges and populations with CAS and with co-occurring disorders.
We found four trials that randomised a total of 268 people with toxoplasma retinochoroiditis to treatment with antibiotics or no treatment. All participants were adults (aged 18 years and above) and all had active toxoplasmosis. One of the studies was from Brazil in both adults and children and was judged to be at high risk of bias due to the way it was conducted. The other three studies were from the UK and the US and were judged to have a mixture of low or unclear quality due to poor reporting. One study in Brazil in adults and one in the US in adults compared an antibiotic (trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole) over 20 months to no treatment, and we judged these three studies to be of low quality. One trial in the UK in adults studied pyrimethamine-trisulfapyrimidine for eight weeks; one study in the USA in both children and adults in both boys and girls in both men and girls for four weeks; and the fourth, in adults in Brazil, compared trimethopr-sulamexacocol over 12 months. In the last study, all patients had been treated with antibiotics for 45 days prior to randomising to trimethoplasma-tricyclic acid (T.s.A.T.A) or no intervention. There is currently no good evidence that this leads to any improvement in the quality of life for people with retinoiditis caused by toxoplasmal infection. Only the trial in Brazil reported visual acuity, which showed that people treated with the antibiotics had a similar change in vision at one year after the end of treatment compared with those who were not treated. The UK and US studies reported an increased risk of adverse events in treated participants. These were a fall in haemoglobin, leucocyte, and platelet count, nausea, loss of appetite, rash, and arthralgia (inflammation of the arches of the back of the eye). There is no evidence that any part of the retina (e.g. the cornea, iris, or the macula) was improved by the use of antibiotics. Treatment with antibiotics probably reduces the risk of the infection recurring in the eye compared with no treatment (moderate- or low-quality evidence), but there is no good data to show that this translates to any difference in the number of people who have a clear improvement in their vision. Further trials of people with either acute or long-term toxoplasis-caused retinoids affecting any parts of the eyes are required to determine the effects of antibiotic treatment on visual outcomes.
We found 43 randomised, quasi-randomised and quasi-experimental controlled trials (RCTs) comparing various types of implants for people with trochanteric fractures. The majority of participants were aged over 65 years of age, and most of them had a hip fracture of the femur or hip bone that had not healed on its own. Twenty-two RCTs (3749 participants) looked at the use of an intramedullary nail compared with a non-injectable (sliding) hip screw. The nail was found to be more likely to break and require reoperation than the hip screw, but there was no evidence that it was better or worse than the screw in terms of function. Five trials (623 participants) compared the intra-musculoskeletal hip screw (IMHS) with the SHS. The IMHS had a lower complication rate than the nails, but the results were imprecise. Results for post-operative complications, death and the length of time spent in hospital were similar in both groups. None of the 10 trials (1491 participants) of other nail and bone versus bone implant comparisons for trochaneric fractures provided evidence to show whether there was a clear advantage of one over the other for any of the two types of implant.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and found 22 RCTs that met our criteria, but only one of these was included in the review. This study included 47 women who received either palliative surgery (n = 27) or treatment with a drug called Octreotide. The other 20 women received either no surgery or surgery and another drug called an anticoagulant called anastrocyte, which is normally used to treat colorectal cancer, but this was not used in this case. The results showed that women who had surgery were more than twice as likely to live for at least three months after surgery than those who received the drug, but the magnitude of this effect was not reported. Although six out of 22% of patients who received surgery had a serious complication of the surgery and three out of 11 patients died of complications, there was weak evidence that surgery was more likely to prolong the life of patients than the drug. There was no information about quality of life or side effects of surgery.
The aim of this review was to assess the benefit and harm of the use of statins in women with PCOS. Four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) were included in the review. A total of 244 participants were randomised to 12 weeks or 6 weeks of treatment in the included RCTs. There was no good evidence that statins improved the number of times a month that a woman was able to get to the ovary on her own, or the rate of ovulation, nor was there any improvement of hirsutism or acne. However, there was some reduction in the body mass index (BMI) and lipid levels. There is a need for further research to be done with large sample sizes and well-designed trials to assess clinical outcomes.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) on the use of palliative treatments for the control of bleeding in women with cervical cancer. We found no RCTs that met our criteria. We identified only observational data from single-arm studies of women treated with formalin-soaked packs, radiotracers, or surgery to remove the cancer from the cervix. There is no evidence from controlled trials to show that any of the treatments are better than surgery. Therefore, the choice of treatment will be based on local resources.
Temozolomide is a drug that is used to treat tumours in the brain that have spread to other parts of the body. It has been used in the treatment of patients with GBM for many years but has not been used as a treatment for HGG in the same way. This review found that when it was used as the first line of treatment for GBM, it was more than twice as likely to prolong the time taken for the tumour to shrink (OS) and improve the time to progression (PFS) when compared with radiotherapy alone. In HGG, it did not increase OS or PFS but it did improve time-to-progression (TTP) and may have benefits on quality of life (QoL) without increasing adverse events but it does not improve overall. In the elderly, it is comparable to radiotherapy in terms of OS and PFS, but with a higher occurrence of adverse events.
We searched for studies that had been done in countries with and non-governmental (NGO) organizations that had employed or trained district health systems managers to provide health care services in the area in which they worked. We also looked at whether these managers were retained. We found that contracting-in (where health care is provided in the community by a non-profit or non-government group) with the aim of improving health care access and use may improve health care use and may have an effect on the health of the population. There is low- to very low-risk of bias in both of these findings. However, we are not able to draw conclusions from these findings due to the lack of evidence. Other types of programs that might be helpful in retaining managers (e.g., in-service workshops with on-site support) have not been adequately studied.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared surgery with no surgery in a total of 123 adults who had been in the ICU for at least 48 hours. All three RCTs compared surgery versus no surgery. There was no clear difference in the risk of death between the groups. Out of the 123 people randomized and treated, six people died; the causes of death were pneumonia, pulmonary embolism, mediastinitis, and septic shock. The risk of chest pain, chest tightness, bodily pain, and side effects of surgery were each measured in one study. The length of time spent on a ventilator, the time spent in an ICU, and the length of stay in hospital were all measured in the three studies. The results showed that surgery was better than no surgery for people who had pneumonia, chest deformity, tracheostomy, and length of ICU stay. More well-designed studies are required to confirm these results and to find out if there is any effect of surgery on death.
We found 50 trials (19 RCTs and 31 before-and-after studies) that included 12,877 adults who had their LDL cholesterol measured. The participants were of any age with and without heart disease and the trials were of three to 12 weeks in length. We found that cerivastatin 0.025 mg to 0.8 mg/day was about 250-fold more effective than fluvastatin, 20-fold better than atorvastin and 5.5-fold greater than rosuvastat in the short-term (three- to 12-week) and was about 233-fold effective in the longer term (three to 12 months) and 125-fold in the long-term. We did not find any evidence of harms from the use of this drug. The risk of stopping the drug due to side effects was not different in 11 of 19 of these trials. We judged the certainty of evidence for these effects to be high.
We included 28 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 6851 patients in this Cochrane review. Most of the studies did not have a high risk of bias (low risk of play of chance) and had a low risk of systematic errors (ie, there was a low chance of arriving at wrong conclusions due to the way that the study was done). The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2016. We found that there was no difference in serum creatinine, adverse events, need for dialysis, length of time spent in hospital, or all-cause death with the use of remote ischaemic preconditioning by iliac clamping compared to control. However, there may have been a slight decrease in the risk of acute kidney injury with use of the AKIN or RIFLE method. It is not possible to draw conclusions about the safety of this method as only a small amount of data were found. The risk of serious adverse events was reported in four out of 100 patients in the control group and no adverse events were observed in the group that had the cuff clamped to the patient's arm. The use of a cuff clamping method appears to be a safe method and probably leads to little or no change in serum blood pressure, adverse effects, the need for the patient to be put on a ventilator, the length of hospital stay, or death.
We included 12 trials with 703 people with stroke. Eight of these trials (244 participants) looked at the effect of treatments to treat PSF, of which six of these (fluoxetine, an anticonvulsant drug, and five other drugs) provided results that could be combined in a meta-analysis. No trial looked at treatments to prevent PSF. Four of the trials looked at interventions to treat fatigue but other symptoms after stroke, and none of these showed any benefit. There was no evidence that any of the studies were of high risk of bias, but they have been small and have been at some risk of systematic errors (i.e. bias, which can lead to overestimation of benefits and under-estimation of harms). Some of the interventions described were feasible in stroke patients, but their effectiveness should be assessed in larger, well-designed and well-conducted trials.
We found three randomised trials, enrolling 74 preterm infants (outcome data available on 71 infants), that compared the use of insulin and glucose with rectal cation-resin (a resin that is used to treat hyperkalaemia) in preterm babies. All three trials were very small and could not be blinded to the clinical staff. One study (Malone 1991) showed that the combination of the two treatments reduced the risk of death from all cause (death from any cause) by a mean of 0.18% (range 0.03 to 1.15% and range 0.09 to -0.22%) compared to the rectal resin. Albuterol inhalation was compared with saline inhalation in one of the trials (Hu 1999) and showed an increase in serum K+ from four hours after treatment to eight hours after the end of treatment. The other trials did not show any effect. No serious side effects were noted with any of the treatments. It was not possible to assess the effectiveness of other interventions for non-oliguric high blood pressure (diuretics, exchange transfusion, peritoneal dialysis and calcium) as they have not been tested in randomised controlled trials. In view of the lack of evidence, no firm recommendations for clinical practice can be made.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials comparing IVIg with PE in a total of 623 children and adults. The mean age of participants ranged from 1.5 to 17 years. The age range of the children was from 1 month to 18 years and the age of the adults from 0 to 80 years. Most of the studies were of moderate to high risk of bias, which means that some of the results may be imprecise. In five of the trials with 536 participants for whom the outcome was available, there was no difference between the two treatments in the mean change in a disability scale after four weeks. There were also no differences in the other measures considered. Three of the included trials, with a combined total of 75 children, showed that IVIG probably hastens recovery as much as PE. In one trial with 249 children, the mean grade improvement was 0.2 (95% CI -0.14 to 0.54) more in the combined treatment group than in the PE alone group; not a difference that could be ruled out, but not enough to rule out the possibility of a benefit. In the other three trials, there were no differences between the treatment groups in any of the other outcomes. One trial with 34 children, which compared PE followed by intravenous immunoglobulin with PE alone, did not show that there was any extra benefit from the treatment. Adverse events were not significantly more frequent with either of the treatments, and both treatments were as good as or better than PE in terms of completion of treatment. Also, one trial in altogether 51 children showed no difference when the standard dose was given over two days rather than five days. A previous Cochrane review has shown that PE hastens the time taken for a child to be able to walk and improve in the short term compared with supportive care alone. There are no trials in adults, but this review shows that, in patients with more than two weeks from the onset of the disease, IVIs can speed up the time to walking and improve quality of life. More research is needed in mild disease and in patients whose treatment starts more than one week after onset.
We included 28 trials with a total of 9330 patients in this review. In 21 of these trials, 7597 patients were randomized to a high fraction of oxygen (60% or more) compared with a routine fraction (25% or less) of oxygen during anaesthesia and surgery. The risk of death was not increased by the use of a high amount of oxygen in the first 30 days after surgery and the longest follow-up was not longer than 30 days. There was no difference in the risk of dying within 30 days of surgery or within the longest time after surgery, nor was there a risk of serious adverse events or length of time spent in hospital. The use of high oxygen was not found to be linked with an increased risk of surgical site infection. In subgroup analyses of nine trials that used pre-antibiotics to treat wounds before surgery, we found that patients who received a high dose of oxygen before surgery did not have more surgical site infections than those who did not. We did not find that a high oxygen dose had an effect on the number of patients who died or had respiratory insufficiency (low oxygen levels in the blood) or on the length of stay in the surgery room. We found no effect of a higher oxygen dose on the occurrence of surgery site infections. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all of the outcomes, and further large, long-term, well-designed and well-conducted trials are required.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing the use of antibiotics to treat children up to 16 years of age with OME up to 6 months of age. We found 25 RCTs (3663 children) covering a range of antibiotics, participants, outcome measures and time points for evaluation. Overall, we assessed most studies as at low to moderate risk of bias (i.e. there was a low risk of systematic error (ie, play of chance) that could have led to the wrong results). We found that children treated with antibiotics were more than twice as likely to have OME that was cured by the end of the first six months of the trial. We also found that there was an increased chance that OME was cured at any time point and that there were fewer episodes of acute otitis media episodes in the first four to eight weeks after the start of treatment (five trials, 1086 children; NNTB 18) and within six months post-randomisation (five studies, 742 participants, NNTBs 5 and 7). However, we found that these children were more likely to suffer from diarrhoea, vomiting and skin rash. We are uncertain about the impact of antibiotics on short-term hearing and low quality evidence did not show that they were linked to a decrease in the need for a ventilator (ventilator is a tube that is placed in the airway to support a child's breathing tube) or in the number of episodes of ear infections. None of the studies reported any data on speech, language and language development or quality of life. Furthermore, there were no data on other important outcomes such as speech, skills in speech and language, and the development of a child’s ability to think and to use their hands and feet. Even in situations where clear and relevant benefits of antibiotics have been demonstrated, these must be weighed up with the risk of side-effects and the effects of the rapid growth of bacteria that can lead to serious side effects. This has been linked to the widespread use of drugs to treat common conditions such as OME.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing low-pregnant patients with both type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus who were followed for at least six months to see if reducing the amount of protein in their food helped them to live longer and to avoid the need for dialysis. We did not find any data on the effects of LPDs on quality of life or costs. The results show that reducing the protein in the diets of patients with type 1 diabetes may help them live longer but not to the point of death from any cause. For type 2 patients, one of the RCTs showed a small improvement in the rate of decline of the glomerular filtration rate (GFR) in the protein-restricted group and the other found a similar decline in both the intervention and control groups. However, these results are based on only a small number of patients. Further longer-term research on large, representative groups of people with both types of type 2 and type 1 diabetics is needed.
We found 19 studies involving 3480 adults with ABI in a search of the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group Trials database up to July 2013. Twelve of the studies were of high quality and the other seven were of low quality. Most of the people in the studies had a mild brain injury, and most had been in hospital for less than 24 hours. Most people made a good recovery when they were followed-up and provided with the right information and advice. For people with mild brain injuries, those who are still in hospital and who have not yet been discharged from hospital, follow-up is important so their needs for rehabilitation can be assessed. For those with a moderate to severe brain injury who are already in hospital, more intensive rehabilitation programmes lead to improvements in function, and those who remain in the community may be able to continue to make gains made in early post-acute rehabilitation. For patients discharged from in-patients, the balance between the need for intensive rehabilitation and the cost-effective use of community-based or out-patient services has yet to be determined. Group-based rehabilitation in a therapeutic milieu (where patients are part of a peer group of people who are able to help each other cope with the challenges faced by those who have been in the same group and share the same challenges) has been shown to be an effective approach for people with severe brain injuries. Not all questions in the treatment of ABI can be addressed by randomised controlled trials or other studies. For example, trial-based literature does not tell us which treatments work best for which patients over the long term, and which treatments represent value for money in the context of life-long care. In the future, such questions will need to be considered in the light of evidence gathered from large, well-conducted trials.
We found one randomised controlled trial (involving 176 women) comparing full mother-infant rooming-in (i.e. the baby was cared for in the same room as the mother in the room but not in the mother's own home) with the use of separate care (separate care is when the baby is not cared for by her own mother) for mothers who wanted to breastfeed at the same time as they did not want to do so. There was no difference found in the number of infants who were exclusively breastfed at six months of age between the two groups. The mean number of breastfeeds per day on day four postpartum for the group that was roomed-in was 8.3 times per day, which was slightly more than the rate in the separate care group. The rate of exclusive breastfeeding on the fourth day after birth was 86% in the group of mothers who were roomed in, compared with 45% for those who were in the control group. None of our other pre-specified outcomes were reported in the trial. We found no evidence to support or refute the practice of rooming in for mothers and babies. Further well-designed RCTs are needed.
The aim of this review was to assess the effects of sanchi for people with acute ischaemic stroke who had not had a stroke in the first week after the stroke. Eight randomised controlled trials were included in the review. The number of people who died or were not able to care for themselves at the end of 28 days of treatment was less than half that of the control group in all but one of the trials. The total case fatality rate was lower than 1% in most of the studies. Most of the people who had mild strokes in the included trials had had a mild stroke. Few adverse events were reported. Data were limited in respect of stroke recurrence and quality of life.
The aim of this Cochrane review was to assess the advantages and harms of immediate, immediate-delayed or delayed implants. The Cochrane Cochrane Oral Health Group carried out a wide search for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing the use of bone grafting or autogenous bone graft in the placement of dental implants just after teeth extraction. The evidence is up to date as of March 2013. Only a few RCTs were found that could be included in the meta-analysis. There is not enough evidence to show whether any of the methods used to add bone to the socket are better or worse than the others. There was a suggestion that there might be higher risks of implant failures and complications with immediate implants than with delayed implants but on the other hand the results might be better when the implants are placed just after the teeth have been cut and filled.
The aim of this review was to assess the effect of clioquinol (PBT1) in people with mild Alzheimer's dementia. The drug was compared with a placebo (fake drug) for 36 weeks. There was no significant effect on cognition (measured on the ADAS-Cog and Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) scales) and there was no effect on non-cognition (i.e. symptoms such as tiredness, tardive dyskinesia and poor co-ordination) in the PBT1 group compared with the placebo group. However, there was an improvement in executive function tests of the NTB in people who took PBT2 250 mg compared with placebo at week 12. We have some concerns about the quality of the trial and the way it was carried out. The planned phase III trial of PBT 1 has been stopped and this drug is no longer in development. The second study was more rigorously conducted and showed that after 12 weeks this drug appeared to be safe and well-treatable in the short-term (two weeks) and medium-long term (three to 12 weeks) in patients with mild to very mild Alzheimer’s dementia. Larger trials are now required to show whether this drug has any effects on cognition.
We included 36 randomised and quasi-randomised controlled trials (studies in which participants are assigned to one of two or more treatment groups using a random method) with a total of 2999 people with a range of ages from 0 to 80 years of age. Trials were conducted for 14 weeks on an average, with some as long as 12 months. Nineteen of the trials included group 1 PAH, which is the most common type of PAH in adults. PDE5 inhibitors were found to be effective in reducing the risk of death from any cause. There was an increased risk of adverse events, such as headache, stomach upset, flushing, muscle aches and joint pain, and muscle pain, in those treated with these drugs compared to those not on these drugs. In those with PH due to lung disease, there was a small improvement of 27 metres in 6MWD in those who were treated with this drug compared to placebo, although there was no evidence of worsening of hypoxia, although data were limited. Three of the included trials looked at the use of these drugs in chronic thromboembolic disease (a type of blood clot in the blood that can lead to stroke and death). There was no difference in any of the outcomes between those who received these drugs and those who did not. Five of the studies looked at using these drugs to treat PH secondary to left-heart disease (heart disease) and found that in those with this type of heart disease, those who took these drugs walked 49 metres further than those on other PAH drugs (e.g. endothelin-like drugs) and those taking these drugs did not live longer than those not taking them. Sildenafil, tadalafil and vardenafil are all efficacious drugs in this group of people. We rated the quality of the evidence as moderate to low due to imprecision of effect and inconsistency across the trials.
We included 22 trials involving a total of 2193 adults who had regional anaesthesia for hand, wrist, arm or elbow surgery. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2014. We included one new trial in this update of the review. The review found that multiple-injection techniques for axillary plexus block (where the block is placed over the tip of the spinal cord) are more effective than either a single or a double injection technique. There was no difference in the time taken for the block to perform before surgery or the time it took for the patient to be ready for surgery. However, there was not enough evidence to draw any conclusions about differences in other outcomes, such as pain, tourniquet pain and patient discomfort. The quality of evidence was high for all comparisons except for the time to readiness for surgery, which was of moderate to high quality.
We found three studies that used beclomethasone 200 mcg twice a day for 7-12 months to treat children with mild-moderate asthma. The mean age of participants ranged from 2.5 to 17 years. All three of the studies were from the USA and used a dry powder called Diskhaler that is used to treat asthma in children. The average age of children in the studies ranged from 1.8 to 3.0 years old. In all three studies, the growth of the child was decreased by half a centimetre (cm) per year in the first year after the end of treatment. It is not clear whether the decrease in growth is sustained or whether it reverses with 'catch up' after treatment is stopped. We are not able to comment on growth effects of other inhaled steroids that have potentially less systemic adverse events. If inhaled corticosteroids are required to control a child's asthma, we recommend using the minimum dose that works well to control the child's airways and following growth closely.
This review found that APD and CAPD did not differ from each other in terms of the risk of death, risk of peritonitis, need to switch from one dialysis modality to the other, hernias, PD fluid leaks, catheters, removal of the catheter and admission to hospital. There was no difference between the two modalities with respect to the number of days left in the dialysis room and the amount of time spent in hospital. One of the trials found that patients on APD had less need to go to hospital and had more time for work, family and social activities. There is a need for a large-scale, well-designed and well-reported RCT comparing CAPD and APD with large numbers of patients.
We found 37 trials (9312 patients) comparing CRT with RT, CT or IF-RT in patients with HD. CRT was superior to RT in terms of OS, PFS, time to OS and SM in all stages (early stages only) but not in the advanced stages (I-II stages) (i.e. IIIA and IIIIA) of HD. This was seen in both AL and ST and was probably due to first-line treatment. Data were not sufficient to compare RT to CT. RT alone gives a higher overall SM risk than CRT due to increased need for salvage therapy. Excess SM with RT is due mainly to ST and is caused by greater need for treatment after RT. After RT, CRT seems to be better than CT for early stages only. SM risk was higher with CRT, but not significant for the early stages alone. This effect, also seen in ST and AL, was due in both stages (IIIA and IIA) and was not due to RT alone. In advanced stages, CT alone seems to cause less SM. Reduced SM risk after RT instead of CRT could not be demonstrated. Due to the large number of studies excluded because no IPD were received, to the lack of long-term data and to the inclusion of many outdated treatments, one must be cautious in applying these results to current treatments.
We found 26 studies with 27 treatment groups that enrolled a total of 4893 participants. Opioids were given by mouth, via a vein, or through a cut in the skin (known as a transdermal patch) or both. All three ways of giving the drugs resulted in a reduction in pain, but the amount of pain relief was not the same in all of them. Many patients stopped taking the drugs due to side-effects (e.g. nausea and headache) or because they felt there was not enough pain relief. However, weak evidence suggests that patients who are able to take the drugs for a long time can continue to do so, and that those who do continue to take them will have pain that is similar to those who did not take them long-term. Whether quality of life or functioning improves is not clear. Serious side effects, such as nausea and headaches, were common, but there were no reports of people who were addicted to the drugs (i.e. heroin or other drugs that are used to treat pain).
We found only one study with a total of 212 adults with spinal cord injury and open pressure ulcers classed as stage II and IV. The participants were mainly male (98.2%, 106/108) with a mean age of 58.4 years in the oxandrolone group and were all male (100%, 104/104) with an average age of 57.3 years with a risk of age of over 60 years. The study was stopped early due to lack of results. This study showed no benefit over placebo for improving ulcer healing at the end of 24 weeks of treatment. There was very low-certainty (downgraded due to imprecision and risk of bias) certainty of the results on complete healing of ulcers and adverse events. Thus, we are not able to draw any conclusions about the effect of anabolic steroids on the healing of pain-free ulcers. The risk of serious adverse events was 5% in the group that was treated with a 20 mg/day anabolic steroid compared with 2% to 3% of the placebo group. None of the five serious side-effects that were reported in participants in the anabolic treatment group were classed by the trial teams as related to treatment. We are not sure whether anabolic corticosteroids increase or decrease the risk of non-serious adverse events, as we assessed the quality of the evidence as very low. The included study did not report pain, length of time spent in hospital, change in wound size or wound surface area, incidence of different type of infection, cost of treatment and quality of life. Overall the evidence in this study was of very low quality. There is no high quality evidence to support the use of anabolite (antibiotics) to treat the symptoms of pressure ulcer.
We included six trials with a total of 8372 people. Four of the six trials compared the use of email to a form of standard mail and the other four compared it to usual care. All trials were judged to be at high risk of bias for at least one aspect of the way in which they were carried out. There was no difference between the groups in terms of uptake of preventive screening, patient or caregiver understanding and support, patient health status and well-being, or behaviours and actions. Results were inconclusive for patient or carers' views and attitudes. No data were reported on harms to healthcare providers or harms to patients. The quality of the evidence is weak, and therefore not strong enough to guide practice. Further research needs to use high-quality study designs that take advantage of the most up-to-date technology.
We found 11 studies involving 855 adults with BPPV. A total of nine studies used post-Epley postural restrictions as their modification of the Epley manoeuvre. There was no evidence of benefit of mastoid oscillation, which is a technique used during the manoeuvre, or of adding an 'augmented' stage in the manoeuvres. No serious side-effects were found in any of the studies, although some patients experienced neck stiffness, neck pain, dizziness and dizziness in some patients. No adverse events were found. The addition of postural restriction did not cause the majority of patients to be at risk of harm, does not cause them any harm, and can be done without causing them any major harm.
We included four studies with a total of 231 adults with nasal polyps (chronic rhinosinusitis with rhinitis in the nose and sinus) aged 18 years of age and over. All participants were adults and all had had chronic rhinoinusitis for at least six months. The types of surgery compared were endoscopy, polypectomy (surgery to open up the nose to remove the polyps) and surgery to repair the polyp (scleroderma) caused by rhino-rhinovenous sinus polyposis (a swelling of the nose caused by the rhinostomy tube). All participants received a type of steroid (topical steroids) but the types and types were the same between the treatment arms of each study, except for the study using antibiotics. In that study, the people who were in the medical treatment arm had higher dosages than the people in the surgery arm. There were no differences between the groups in terms of the types of treatments and comparisons used in these studies. Complications Complication rates were not reported in all studies, but rates of up to 21% for medical treatment and 14.3% for surgery are described. Epistaxis was the most common complication with both types of medical and surgery, with severe side-effects reported rarely. None of the studies found that one type of surgery was better than any other. The studies did not find that one treatment was more or less effective than the others. The quality of the evidence was very low or very low. The main reasons for this were limitations in the way the studies were done and the lack of precision of the results.
We found eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing foods fortified with zinc to foods that did not add zinc to food (called unfortified foods) or to foods without zinc (called'staple foods'). Seven of the eight RCTs were from middle-income countries of Asia, Africa, Europe, and Latin America, and four were from the USA. The interventions lasted from one to nine months. None of the studies in comparison 1 reported data on the risk of underweight or stunting. We found that foods fortified with zinc increased the levels of zinc in the blood (serum or plasma) compared with foods without added zinc. We did not find a difference in serum or plasma zinc levels in the same group of people who did or did not have zinc in their blood when compared with the same foods with micronutrients but no zinc added to foods. There was no reported adverse effect of foods with zinc on indicators of iron or copper status. A study of adding iron to iron-coated wheat flour did not show a reduction in the proportion of people with low iron levels (very low- or very low-quality evidence). We also found that there was no effect of adding zinc to iron to wheat flour on children’s growth or on the number of children who were considered to be at risk of stunting (i.e. children who are not at high risk of being born with low height, weight, or weight and who do not grow to a high height or weight for their age) or on haematological (blood tests that measure the amount of iron and/or other minerals in the body). We rated the quality of the evidence as low to very low for all outcomes. This means that further research is likely to have an effect on our results and may change them.
We included 11 studies with 3060 men with prostate cancer who had advanced prostate cancer that had spread to other parts of the body (metastasies) and were followed up for at least 70 weeks. We found that men who were treated with non-steroidal antiandrogens were less likely to live for more than one year, to die from prostate cancer or to stop the course of treatment due to side effects than men who received surgery or medical or surgical castration. The risk of other side effects, such as breast pain, gynaecomastia and hot flashes, was increased when men were used as monotherapy rather than surgery or surgery alone. Use of non-strictly controlled drugs (such as corticosteroids) was not better than surgery for men with metastatic prostate cancer, but there was less risk of side effects such as haemorrhage, fatigue, nocturia, fatigue and loss of interest in sex. There was no difference in the number of men who developed prostate cancer in men who had their prostate cancer surgically or who did not have prostate cancer at all. However, there was no clear effect on the risk of death due to prostate cancer. We are not able to draw conclusions about the long-term effects of use of these drugs on prostate cancer treatment in men. More research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the results. The quality of evidence was rated as moderate for all outcomes, but was hampered by risk of bias.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the risk of death from breast cancer or any other cause at 13 years of age in women who had been screened for breast cancer. We found eight RCTs that included 600,000 women in the analyses. Three trials with adequate randomisation did not show a benefit of screening on death from any cause after 13 years. Four trials with suboptimal randomisation showed a reduction in breast cancer mortality with an effect of 0.75 (95% CI 0.67 to 0.83). The RR for all the trials combined was 0.81. The risk of breast cancer death was biased in favour of screening, mainly due to differential misclassification of cause of death. The studies did not find an overall reduction in total cancer deaths, including breast cancer, or on all-cause deaths. The numbers of lumpectomies and mastectomies were much greater in the screened groups, as were the use of radiotherapies. The use of chemotherapy did not differ in the groups. If we assume that screening reduces breast cancer deaths by 15% and that overdiagnosis and overtreatment is at 30%, it means that for every 2000 women screened, one will avoid death from a breast cancer and 10 healthy women, who would not have been diagnosed if there had not been screened, will be treated unnecessarily. Furthermore, more than 200 women will be in distress for years because of false positive findings. We have written an evidence-based leaflet for lay people that is available in several languages on www.cochrane.org.
We found four studies, with a total of 522 women, that compared hCG priming with no priming in IVM. One study did not report outcomes per woman randomised, and so was not included in formal analysis. Three studies compared 10,000 to 20,000 units of hCG, and one study compared 20, and 10, and 20, thousand units hCG with no hCG. Three of the studies included only women with PCOS (a type of polycystic ovary syndrome), and so we could not draw any conclusion on whether hCG had an effect on live birth, pregnancy, or miscarriage rates. Our findings showed that hCG may reduce the chance of a live birth rate, miscarriage rate, or pregnancy rate, but we found no evidence of a difference in the live birth rates per woman. We found that 22% to 23% of women who did not receive hCG achieved a pregnancy, while between 7% and 24% of the women who received hCG did so. The only study that looked at the odds ratios (how many women would have a chance of getting pregnant if they received either hCG or no treatment) did not have enough data to enable us to calculate odds ratios. No data were available on adverse events (other than miscarriage) or on drug reactions, so we were not able to assess the risk of adverse events or drug reactions. We rated all four studies as at an unclear risk of bias in more than one of the seven domains assessed. The quality of the evidence was low, the main limitations being lack of blinding and imprecision. We need more evidence from well-designed RCTs before we can come to a conclusion about the role of hCg priming, and the best dose and timing.
The aim of this Cochrane review was to assess whether ERT or HRT is effective in preventing cognitive decline in older postmenopausal women when given as short term (up to five years) or longer term (three to four years) therapy. The review found that both ERT and HRT do not prevent the risk of cognitive decline when used as short-term or long-term (three and four year) treatment. It is not known whether one type of hormone therapy is better or worse than the other in subgroups of women, although it is not clear which type of HRT or ERT is best for which age, type of menopause and whether the absence of menopausal symptoms (e.g. menopausal pain or fatigue) can affect treatment effects. It remains to be determined whether factors such as younger age (< 60 years of age), type of manopause (surgical or natural) and type of treatment (type of estrogen with or without a progestagen, mode of delivery (transdermal, oral or intramuscular) and dosage have positive effects at a level that would be relevant to patients. Large, well-conducted trials are planned in the USA and may be able to provide answers to these questions by the year 2010.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, multi-centre, cross-over, multicentre, and long-term studies comparing inhaled ICS/LABA (fluticasone furoate and vilanterol 100/25 mcg once a day versus inhaled LAMA (18 mcg tiotropium daily) in adults with COPD. We searched for evidence up to July 2018. We found one ongoing trial with planned recruitment of 80 adults. We included two studies with 880 adults. Both studies lasted 12 weeks. Both were published as full articles, and neither study was at low risk of bias in all domains. We identified one study that is still in progress and planned to recruit 80 people. We did not find any evidence that once-a-day inhaled corticosteroids and antibiotics are better or worse than LAMA for treatment of COPD in terms of quality of life, but we found evidence of very low quality for all other outcomes. We are not able to draw conclusions about the effect of once-per-day inhalers for COPD due to the short duration of follow-up and the very low-quality of evidence.
We found four short-term randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 169 people with BDD. All four RCTs compared antidepressants (fluoxetine and clomipramine) with placebo (dilaudid) or with CBT (concentrate-based psychotherapy). The results showed that patients who were treated with antidepressants were more than twice as likely to recover from BDD compared to those who were not treated. Symptom severity was reduced in both the SRIs and CBT groups, as well as in the CBT group. A low relapse rate (4/22) was demonstrated in one trial of CBT. The findings of these studies need to be replicated.
We found three randomised trials that compared cotrimoxazole desensitization with rechallenge for the prophylaxation of HIV-infected adults with a previous history of mild or moderate hypersensitivity to cotracyclin. We found that the use of a protocol to reduce the risk of discontinuation of the antiretroviral drug was associated with a lower risk of the drug being stopped for any reason at six months of follow-up. There were no major side-effects for either protocol in the three studies. However, there were no severe side-reactions for either method in the studies. We need more research in this area. Paediatric data and trials in resource-poor settings are needed.
We included in the review three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 148 preterm newborns. We found no new trials for this update. All three RCTs compared midazolam with placebo (a fake sedation drug) for the use of sedation in neonates in the neonatal ward of a neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) in the UK, the USA and the Netherlands. The duration of time spent in the NICU was 5.4 days in one RCT and 5.2 days in the other. Each of the three trials showed a higher sedation level in the placebo group compared with the other two groups. However, none of the scales used to assess sedation have been tested in preterm infants and so we could not assess the effect of this sedative in this group. One of the trials (43 infants) found that the pain scores of preterm neonates were significantly lower during midazoline infusion than during dextrose (fake sedation). Another study (46 newborns) found a greater risk of neurological events at 28 days' postnatal age (death, grade III or IV IVH or PVL) in newborns who were administered a sedation dose of morphine (an antiepileptic drug) than in those who received a dose of other sedatives. We considered these trials to be of moderate quality, but data were not sufficient to support the routine use of this drug for the sedation of newborns in the ICU.
We found 12 randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 767 adults and children who had diarrhoea or fever for at least seven days. The antibiotics included quinolone, fluoxetine, cotrimoxazole, mifepristone, and miconazole. The mean age of participants ranged from 18 to 65 years old. Most of the participants had mild to very mild symptoms of the disease, and were otherwise healthy. There was no difference in the number of people who had a fever at five to seven days after the end of the first week of treatment, and there was no improvement in the risk of the same Salmonella serovar in the stool one month after treatment, which was twice as likely in the group of patients who were treated with antibiotics. There were more adverse events in people who received antibiotics, and non-severe side-effects were more common in those who were given antibiotics. We are uncertain of the effects of the use of antibiotics in very young people, very old people, and in people with severe and extraintestinal disease. The quality of evidence was very low.
We included 23 studies (n = 4192 adults) in this review. The participants were heterogeneous in terms of their distribution of age, gender, main diagnosis, setting, country, positivity threshold, sepsis criteria, year of publication, and origin of infection, which may have led to bias in the results. We considered all studies to be at high risk of bias due to issues related to the index test domain in QUADAS-2. We found that the number of people who would be missed if they were not tested with IL-6 was 66% (range 60% to 72%). This means that if we test 1000 adults who are not sick, but have a high level of interleukin-6 in their blood, we will find that 330 out of 1000 patients would be given appropriate and timely antibiotics, while 130 out of the other 130 would be wrongly assessed as not sick and would not receive them. On the other hand, 370 patients would avoid the need for antibiotics, and 170 would have been missed and would therefore not have been identified as not ill enough to be given them. However, this result should be interpreted with caution due to the limitations described above. The conclusions of the review will likely change once the 20 completed and fully published studies are included.
We included 29 randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind trials (RCTs) with a total of 5718 adults (aged 18 years and over) who had wounds resulting from surgery. There were 16 RCTs that looked at the risk of SSI in people with wounds caused by a 'clean' surgery, five studies that compared what was thought to be 'contaminated' surgery with what was not, and the other 25 that compared other types of wound dressing with no wound dressing (wound exposure). It is not clear whether dressing wounds with any type of wound dressing reduces or does not increase the number of people who get SSI compared with other options. It is uncertain whether any wound dressing is better than any other in terms of preventing SSI, improving wound healing, reducing pain, making wounds more acceptable to patients, or making them easier to remove. Most studies in this review were small and at a high or unclear risk of bias, which means that their results may not be reliable. There was limited and low or very low certainty evidence on other outcomes, such as scarring, acceptability of dressing and ease of removal, and it is unclear whether wound dressers influenced these outcomes. There is a need for more research in this area, and decision makers may wish to base decisions about how to dress a wound after surgery on dressing costs as well as patients' preference.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at the use of foods or supplements to prevent postpartum depression in mothers of newborns. We found one RCT comparing selenium, docosahexanoic acid and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) with a placebo (sugar tablet) and one study that looked at EPA and EPA-rich fish oil. One of the RCTs included 179 women. Selenium was taken from the first trimester (12 to 20 weeks) up to the time of birth. The other RCT looked at the effects of EPA and DHA and found no effect. There was a high risk of attrition bias due to a large proportion of women withdrawing from the study or not completing an EPDS. This included RCT did not report on any of the other outcomes of this review. There is currently no evidence to recommend any other dietary supplement for prevention of postnatal depression.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared different anthracycline infusion durations in people with different types of leukaemias and solid tumours. Seven of the 11 RCTs were in adults, and the other four were in children. We found that people who had a six-hour or longer course of treatment with a doxorubicin dose were less than 60 mg/m2 and were at a greater risk of heart failure than those who received a dose of 60 mg to 100 mg per hour. We did not find a difference in the number of people who developed heart failure with a six hour or longer dose compared to a shorter dose. The majority of participants in these studies were adults with a variety of cancers. We also found that there was no effect of the dose on the heart in the other types of dose, but only one RCT was available for the other peak doses, so we can make no definitive conclusions about the risk of cardiotoxicity. All of the studies had high or unclear risk of bias, which means that there is a possibility of bias in the way that the studies were run and performed. Therefore, we judged the quality of the trials to be low or very low.
We included 37 studies with a total of 3110 adults and children with TBI. Most people in the studies had TBI that was not thought to be caused by a head or neck injury. We found that there was no high-quality evidence that hypothermia was beneficial in the treatment of adults and adults who had been in hospital for at least 24 hours after a head and neck surgery for TBI, or had had a brain tumour. There was also no evidence that was of high quality for the outcomes of death and unfavourable outcomes (death, a person in a coma or in a vegetative state) and there was low- or very low-quality data for the outcome of pneumonia. We were not able to assess risk of bias in most of the studies as they were not well-designed or reported. There is a need for more research in this field.
The aim of this Cochrane review was to assess the effectiveness of family therapy for the treatment of depression. A search of the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's trials database was run in July 2013. The search found three high- and three low-quality studies, with a total of 519 participants, that met the criteria for inclusion in the meta-analysis. The studies were very heterogeneous in terms of interventions, participants, and measures used, making it impossible to draw any conclusion from them on the effect of the intervention on reducing the severity of depression, or on improving the quality of life of those who received it. There was a lack of high-quality, well-designed, and well-conducted research in this area. There is a need for more well-planned, high quality, and large-scale, randomised, controlled, and quasi-randomised (RCTs) RCTs in this field.
We included three trials involving a total of 206 adults with a mean age of over 80 years of age. All trials were of low quality and all three were at high risk of bias, which means that their results may not be valid. However, we found that Duxil may be able to improve some aspects of the way in which people think and behave in the short-term and long-term. We were not able to assess behaviour and death at the end of treatment and follow-up due to the lack of data. There was no data on quality of life, or caregiver burden. Due to the low quality of the included trials, the small number of patients included in the trials and the fact that the trials were not of high quality, we were unable to draw conclusions about the effectiveness and safety of the use of this drug in the treatment of dementia.
We identified a total of seven RCTs including 960 adults who had had an axillary lymphadenectomy for lymphadenoid cancer and had drains placed in their lymph nodes after the lymph nodes had been drained. The drain was either placed in the lymph or not, and either the drain was left in place or was not placed at all. The number of people who developed a seroma was reduced by half in the drain group and by one-fifth in the no drainage group. There was no difference in the risk of infection between those who had a drain and those who did not have a drain. The length of time spent in hospital was 1.47 days longer in the drains group and 0.79 fewer people had to be readmitted to hospital for further surgery. The risk of lymphoedema (swelling of the lymph) was not reduced by the use of drains, nor was the incidence of haematoma (scarring of the blood), nor was there a reduction in the number of post-sclerotic lymphomas. There is a need for further well-designed, large-scale, high-quality, randomised controlled trials to assess the role of drains in the prevention of seroma formation after lymphadenectomy.
We included eight studies with 390,769 adults with a mean age of over 60 years of age. Five of the studies used a randomised controlled trial (RCT) design, two used a case-control (a type of RCT in which people are put into groups at random) design and one used a prospective cohort (a group of adults who were not put into one of the RCTs) design. The evidence is up to date as of March 2014. The results form the studies assessing the association of flavonoids, colorectal cancer and adenomas were conflicting. There was no evidence that total flavonoid intake reduced the risk of colorctal neoplasms. For Isoflavones, Flavonols, Flavones and Flavanones, there was conflicting evidence. For Flavan-3-ols, the results from one study showed that increased intake of Flavan 3-ols may be associated with a reduced risk of both colorectal cancer (a cancer of the colon) and colorrectal adenoma (a tumour of the colostomies). For epicatechin, high intake was found to be linked with a lower risk of colon cancer. For procyanidin and phytoestrogen, a type of anthocyanin, the evidence was mixed. No evidence was found of an effect on the number of adenomies. There is not enough information to draw any conclusions about the role of the use of flavons in the prevention of colon neoplasm.
We included a total of 1369 participants in this review. Five of the trials used our first definition of slow responders, and three other trials (including one that used both definitions) used the second. The length of treatment ranged from 48 weeks to 72 weeks. All trials had high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions due to the way that the trials were done) and random errors (play of chance) that can lead to bias. None of the included trials mentioned our primary outcomes. However, we found that patients who had been treated for 72 weeks were more likely to have a cure rate of at least 99% (71% in the 48-weeks-long treatment group and 52% after 72 weeks in the 72-week treatment group) of the HCV genotype 1 infected patients in whom HCV RNA was still in the blood 12 weeks after 12 weeks of treatment, and in the 24-week-long group. The number of participants who relapsed virologically was found to be lower in the groups that had been given 72 weeks compared to 48 weeks. There was no data on the risk of death from any cause. In the one trial that looked at side effects, no difference was seen between the treatment groups. In conclusion, this review shows that there is a greater chance of cure rate in patients who are treated for a longer period of time (more than 72 weeks) in those who are not already cured of HCV infection. More data are needed in order to decide whether or not to treat people with HCV in whom the virus remains in their blood 12 to 24 weeks after the end of treatment.
We found that there is not a lot of evidence to support the use of EUS in people with pancreatic cancer or periampullary cancer found to have resectable cancer on CT scan. There is no evidence to suggest that it should be done routinely in these patients.
We found 34 studies (2169 adults with blepharitis of which 20 studies (1661 adults) included 1661 adults with either anterior or mixed blephritis and 14 studies (12 RCTs and 2 CCTs) included 508 adults with a type of condition called MGD. Topical antibiotics (antibiotics applied to the eyelid) were shown to provide some symptomatic relief and to be effective in eradicating bacteria from the skin. Lid hygiene may provide symptomatic pain and itching for both the anterior and posterior eyelid. There was no strong evidence for any of the other treatments in terms of curing the condition. The effectiveness of other treatments, such as topical steroids and antibiotics, were found to be inconclusive. There is no evidence to support the use of any of these treatments for the long-term treatment of chronic blephharitis. More research is needed to evaluate the effectiveness of such treatments. Any randomised controlled trial (RCT) should be well-designed and should be of high quality. It is important that patients be followed for at least one year to assess the effects of treatments.
We included one trial with a total of 23 adults and children with RRP. This study was at high risk of bias (risk of play of chance). None of our primary outcomes and only one of our secondary outcomes (reduction in volume of disease, assessed endoscopically) was measured in the study. There was no clear difference between the groups. Adverse events reported included airway swelling requiring intubation in a child with severe RRP a few hours after treatment.
We found 42 studies with 4220 people with an endoleak of any age, with or without a CT scan. Most of the studies were of moderate to low quality. We found that both CDUS and CE-CDUS were more accurate than CDUS in identifying endoleaks. CDUS was found to be more reliable than the CT before and after the use of contrast, and better than the ultrasound scan itself. However, we found that CDUS had a greater risk of bias due to the fact that it was carried out more than a decade after the CT scan was done. We also found that there was a greater chance of bias related to the age of participants in the CDUS studies.
We found seven studies, with a total of 766 women, comparing sterile water with saline (saline is salt water) or no water, for the treatment of low back pain in labour. Four of the studies used an intracutaneous (under the skin) injection, and one used a subcutaneous (injections under the skin), and one both. We found that women who were treated with sterile water had greater pain-relief than those who were given saline or saline. However, we did not find any difference in the rates of caesarean section, forceps or forceps delivery, instrumental delivery, timing of birth, or Apgar (a tool that rates the amount of pain that a baby will have when it is born) scores. No study reported on women's satisfaction with pain relief, mothers' sense of control in labour, women's quality of life, mother/baby interaction, rates of breastfeeding, maternal morbidity, infant long-term outcomes, or cost. No adverse events were reported other than transient pain with injection, which was worse with saline. The quality of the evidence was good, but four studies were at high risk of bias due to the small size of treatment groups, incomplete outcomes, and risk of play of chance.
We included 12 trials with a total of 1932 adults with Lichtenstein hernia who had their hernia fixed with glue or with suture (suture is a piece of plastic that is cut in the same way as the mesh and is used to fix the hernia back in place) in this review. We found that glue may reduce chronic pain and not increase the risk of hernia recurrence compared with sutures. Fixation with glue was better than suture in terms of duration of the operation, haematoma (a swelling caused by blood), and the time taken for people to be able to go back to their normal daily activities. We did not find any difference between the two groups in the number of people who had a deep wound (wound that became infected) or had a wound that was too deep for the glue to reach, and in the length of time it took for the mesh to heal. We also looked at adverse events (swelling caused by fluid) and persisting numbness after the surgery. There were no differences in these two groups. Due to the lack of data, it was not possible to draw any conclusions about the best type of glue to use. The quality of the evidence was moderate to low for all the outcomes. The risk of bias was high in most of the trials, which means that the results may not be valid and may overestimate the benefit or the harm of one method or the other.
The aim of this Cochrane review was to assess the effects of the 'package' of methods used by biomedical journals to improve the quality of their articles. We found 32 randomised and quasi-randomised controlled trials. Only three of the studies were of high quality. A package of'sophistication-based' methods used between the time of publication and publication improved the readability of some of the articles in one trial, but not all of the other three. A'subgroup' of'systems' used in two of the three trials was found to improve readability in one of the trials, while in the other it was not found to have an effect on the overall quality of the papers. Providing a set of guidelines to authors was found in one study to reduce the number of errors in the abstracts of one study, but no difference was seen in another. Structuring improved the length of articles in two studies, but increased their length of time.
We found 15 studies including 721 adults with cancer pain due to a wide range of types of cancer. There were three deaths, in all cases due to the cancer. We found that codeine or codeine plus paracetamol was more than twice as good as a dummy drug (placebo) for relieving cancer pain, but with more side-effects (nausea, vomiting, and constipation). There was not enough information to draw conclusions about the effect of codeine alone or in combination with other drugs on cancer pain. The risk of side effects was higher with codeine than with placebo (dummy drug), and there was an increased risk of stomach upsets, dizziness, somnolence and dizziness. Withdrawal from the studies, where reported, was less than 10% in most studies, except in one study where this was 10%. There were no deaths in any of the studies. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high, but we judged all but one of the 15 studies to be at a high risk of bias because of small size and some of the methods used to deal with missing data or high drop-out rates.
We found 12 randomised and quasi-RCTs of 563 adults and children with sickle cell disease aged six to 35 years of age. All participants were African-American and the majority of them had HbSS, HbSC or HbSβthal. Educational programs lasted from one hour to weekly for eight weeks and lasted from six months to 12 months. We did not find any effect of educational programs on the recognition of signs and symptoms of disease-related morbidity or on the use of health services. We found that patients' and caregivers' (or both) knowledge of symptoms and signs and signs of the disease improved, as well as their use of healthcare services. However, there was no improvement in the number of patients or caregivers who were able to recognise signs and symptom signs or signs that might lead to self-management. There was no evidence of an improvement in depression in people who were in the education groups. No effects were seen on the quality of life of patients, their family or friends, or on other aspects of their health. The quality of evidence was low for positive coping, moderate for caregiver knowledge, low for healthcare use and low for depression. The overall risk of bias in the trials was low to very low. This means that we are reasonably confident in the estimate of effect and that further research is likely to have an effect on our confidence in the results and may change the results.
We included six studies with a total of 2411 adults (aged 16 to 80 years old) with a mean age of 18 years of age who had focal (focal onset seizures) or generalised (generalised seizures) epilepsy. All of the participants received brivaracetam as an add-on to their existing antiepileptic drugs and were followed up for at least three months. We found that people who were treated with briaracetam were more than twice as likely to have a 50% or greater reduction in their seizures and achieve seizure free (i.e. no seizures at all) than those who received a dummy drug (placebo). They were also more likely to achieve seizure freedom (a state in which they are free of seizures at any time). The risk of people stopping the drug for any reason, as well as the risk of experiencing one or more side effects, was not increased following treatment with bribaracetam compared to placebo. However, people who took briarapeam did appear to be significantly more than people who received placebo in terms of the proportion of people who stopped the drug due to side effects. It is important to note that only one of the six studies included people with generalised seizures, and all were short-term (7 to 16 weeks). Therefore, these findings are mainly applicable to adult patients with drug-resistant focal epilepsy.
We included 38 studies, mostly from high-income countries, many of which looked at parents' views on the MMR (measles, mumps, rubella) vaccine. Most of these were from the USA, and some were from low- to middle-income (e.g. Kenya, Ghana, Ghana) countries. Most studies looked at the MMR vaccine, but some also looked at other types of vaccines, such as measles, measles and mumps and rubella (MMR) vaccines. In general, we found that parents wanted more information than they were getting. Lack of information led to worry and regret about the choice of whether or not to vaccinate their child (high confidence in the evidence). Parents also wanted balanced information about the benefits and harms of vaccinating their child, presented clearly and clearly, and tailored to their needs. They also wanted information to be available at a wider range of places, including outside health services, and in good time, and they wanted it to be done in a way that made sense for them to use. Parents viewed health workers as an important source of information and had clear expectations of the way in which they should interact with them (high certainty in the results). Some of the health workers we found had poor relationships with parents and this may have had an impact on the way they dealt with them. Parents found it difficult to know which information source they could trust and found it challenging to find information they felt was fair and balanced. The amount of information parents wanted and the sources they felt could be trusted appeared to be linked to acceptance of vaccination, with parents who were more willing to receive more information. Our results showed that most of the studies addressed at least one or more key aspects of the ways in which parents were told about the vaccine and how it might help them to make a good choice. None of the interventions appeared to respond to negative media stories or to parents' perceptions of health worker motives. We have high or very high confidence in many of our findings. We had low or very low confidence in some of the findings where we had very low or low confidence. This means that we are uncertain about the accuracy of the results.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 599 people with anorexia nervosa aged 18 years of age or over. The trials tested a wide range of treatments for anorexic adults and older adolescents. Trials were small and had a high risk of bias (i.e. there was a chance of bias in the way that participants and staff were aware of the type of treatment received). Most of the RCTs included in this review were conducted in the USA and one in the UK. The evidence is up to date as of March 2015. The results suggest that treatment as usual (TAU) when delivered by a non-eating-disorder specialist or similar may be less efficacious than treatment as a TAU. This was based on one trial. There was a suggestion in one trial that focal psychodynamic therapy might be better than TAU, but this is based on just one study. There were no differences in the number of people who achieved a good or intermediate outcome on the Morgan and Russell Scale (which is used to assess the effect of treatment) for this outcome, nor for body mass index (BMI, which is a measure of body fat) nor for dropout rates. One study found that dietary advice alone appeared to be unacceptable, but again this is from just one small trial. None of the trials found any side effects. The quality of the evidence was very low for most of the outcomes. This is due to the small size of many of the studies and the fact that many of them were carried out in the 1980s and 1990s.
We included three RCTs with a total of 516 adults with RD and PVR. The first study was from the USA and was funded by the National Eye Institute, and the other two were from Germany. One of the studies was conducted in the USA, and randomized 151 adults to a mixture of perfluorohexyloctane (F6H8) and silicone oil. The other trial was from Germany, and involved 271 adults. The third trial was a multi-centre, international trial and randomized 94 adults (age range not specified) to heavy (sulfur hexafluoride gas) oil versus standard (perfluropropane gas, which is not used in the US) oil. All three trials were free of bias. None of the trials used masking of participants and surgeons, and only the third trial used a masking method to mask the outcome assessors. The use of either perfluroproane or standard silicone oil seems reasonable for most of the people with RD or PVR who have had a retinogastric resection. The choice of a tamponade agent should be individualized for each patient. There do not seem to be any differences between the two agents in terms of achieving at least 5/200 visual acuity or achieving macular attachment at a minimum of one year. There were no differences in the change in vision at one year between the groups. Although the first two trials did not perform any sample size calculations or power detection, heavy silicone oil was not shown to be better than the other agents. In the third study, which had a power of 80% to detect differences, there were no improvements in vision in the first year after the use of heavy oil. Adverse events were not reported for the first and second studies, and for the third, adverse events for each group were not described. Of the 94 participants, four died, 26 had a recurrences of retinal detachment, 22 had a glaucoma (clouding of the lens), four had a cataract, and two had capsular fibrosis (scarring of the inner cornea). The first trial had a large number of patients who were not included in the final analyses, while the other studies were at low risk of attrition bias. All trials used adequate methods to avoid bias.
We included five studies (involving 1819 women) in this review. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. There was a lower risk of death for the mother in the first month of life for women who had planned early birth compared with planned late birth (evidence graded high). There was no clear difference in the risk of dying for the baby, but there was not enough information to draw any conclusions about the effects on the number of deaths for the infant. There were no clear differences between groups for caesarean section or in the length of time spent in the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) for either the mother or the baby. There is no clear evidence that there is a difference between groups in terms of complications for the babies, but this is based on limited data (from only one study) from which there was a high risk of bias due to differences in the way women were allocated to groups in the study. Planned early birth was associated with a greater risk of high blood pressure (Hepatitis C) and low blood flow to the lungs (hepatitis A) in the baby and a higher risk of admission to the NICU. However, there was no evidence of a clear effect on the numbers of newborns who died or had to be cared for in hospital. No studies attempted to blind women or staff to which group they were in, which could have led to bias as women and staff would have been aware of which treatment they received and this may have affected aspects of care and decision-making. The quality of evidence ranged from high to moderate. The main results were based on two large, well-designed and well-conducted randomised controlled trials with a low risk of systematic error (low risk of play of chance) and a high level of heterogeneity (high quality) between studies, so we were not able to pool data in meta-analysis.
We found six randomised controlled trials (involving 142 participants) comparing three-times-a-week prophylactics with on-demand treatment in patients with hemophilia A or B or both. Results on the number of patients with preserved joints after three to seven years of follow-up were not pooled due to differences in results. Three of the remaining four studies evaluated hemophilitis A; one showed a reduction in joint bleeds in hemophiliates treated with proprophylactic clotting factor compared to placebo, with a rate difference of 10.73 bleeds per year. The other three trials did not show an advantage of one treatment over the other in terms of bleeding frequency. The fourth trial compared weekly (15 IU/kg) versus bi-weekly (7.5 IU per week) clotting factors, and showed that there was a three- to five-fold decrease in the rate of joint bleits with the weekly regimen compared to the bi-week regimen. There was no clear advantage of the three-to-five-day regimens in the other trials. There is not yet evidence from randomised trials to show that there is a benefit of giving clotting agents three times a week to prevent joint bleedings in adults with existing joint damage from hemophile blood clots in the joints. However, there is evidence that clotting drugs can be used to treat existing joint bleedations in adults. The number of people who had a joint bleed in one of the studies was 3.30 per year with the three times per week versus 7.5 per week with the other regimens, and there was an 8.5% reduction in the first group and a 3% increase in the second group, which occurred more often when using long-term venous access.
This is an update of a review first published in 2009. We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in 2010 and found 13 RCTs involving 1824 participants. We were not able to pool data for any of the outcomes due to the differences between the treatments assessed in the studies. We included one new study in this update. Ten of the 13 trials were of high quality, but data in a usable format was only available in 10 trials (732 participants). We were unable to pool results due to differences in the types of treatments assessed. Eight of the trials aimed to induce a remission (i.e. the disease did not get worse) of the disease. Five studies aimed to maintain the disease in remission. In two out of three of these trials, survival was greater in the group treated with less aggressive treatment, but there was no difference between the groups in terms of the risk of death from any cause. Overall survival did not differ between treatment groups. In more recent studies, there is a preference for less aggressive care options for treatment of BL. However, the quality of the evidence is not strong as studies were small, underpowered and prone to both bias and bias due to poor reporting of study methods.
We found only a limited amount of information about the best way to give anti-D to women with RhD and no signs of RhD. The choice of whether to give the drug by injection or by intramuscularly (intravenous) injection (IM or IV) is based on the choice of the type of drug, the dose to be given and the patient's preferences. There was no alloimmunization in either of the studies, as the sample size was not large enough to assess whether there was any risk of this event. One of the trials found that the mean antiretroviral concentrations after IV and IM administration differed up to seven days (36.1 (2.6) ng/mL IV; 19.8 (8.7) IgG IM on day seven). However, from two to three weeks post-administration, the concentrations were similar for both routes of administration. None of the women in either study developed antibodies to the RhD antigen.
We included eight studies with a total of 21,379 patients with diabetes in this review. The mean duration of follow-up ranged from 365 days to 913 days. All patients in the studies had a known risk of CVD (heart attack or stroke or both) and were at high risk for CVD due to previous heart attacks or strokes. Three of the trials compared ticlopidine to aspirin or to a fake drug (placebo) and five of the eight trials compared clopidogrel (an anticoagulant drug) or aspirin or aspirin and dipyridamole (an antiplatelet drug) to aspirin alone or to aspirin and aspirin alone. There were no data available from any of the studies on the risk of stroke or heart attack in people with diabetes. Data for diabetes patients on all-cause deaths, vascular deaths and myocardial infarction were only available for one trial (355 patients). This trial compared ticslapidine to placebo and did not show any difference in the number of people who died from any cause. Three trials (31% of the participants) looked at stroke and found that there was no difference between patients who had a stroke and those who did not have a stroke in the two groups. Two trials (3,194 and 3,146 people, 11.2% and 11.3%, both of whom had a non-fatal stroke, were included in the pooling of results from these three trials). The pooled findings from these trials showed no differences in the proportion of people with a stroke with and with no stroke with the use of ADP agonist drugs. None of the included in this meta-analysis had a history of heart disease or CVD. The available evidence for ADP-receptors in patients with CVD is limited and most trials do not report outcomes for people with and people without CVD separately. Therefore, we are not able to draw any conclusions about the effectiveness and safety of this class of drugs. More research with more patients with both CVD and no CVD in this group of people is needed.
We included 10 trials with a total of 191 adults with cystic fibrotic lung disease. All of the trials compared non-invasive ventilation with oxygen or room air. Most of the people in the trials had a very low risk of bias. The six-week trial was judged to be at a low-risk of bias for all other domains. Six trials (151 adults) looked at the use of a chest physiotherapy method called'revolving machine' (RevMan) to help the lungs clear airway airways and found that it may be easier to clear the airway with this method and some people may prefer it. We were not able to find any evidence that it increases sputum expectoration (sputum is the amount of air that escapes from the lungs when it is sucked in by the lungs) but it did improve some of the measures of lung function. Three trials (27 adults) evaluated the effect of NIV on quality of life and symptoms of sleep-disordered breathing. Three of the studies used nasal masks, one used a nasal mask or mouthpiece and one trial used a face mask and in one trial it is not clear what was done with the face mask. Results showed that NIV may improve gas exchange during sleep using nasal masks (two trials) and nasal masks or full face masks (one trial). The studies measured lung function, gas exchange, adherence to treatment and preference, and nocturnal transcutaneous (transcutaneous) carbon dioxide levels. The RevMan study found no clear differences in lung function when compared with the other methods. No clear differences were found in the RevMan group for any of our outcomes. One trial (13 adults) also looked at exercise capacity and did not find any clear differences. The study did not report on any of the outcomes we were looking for. Three studies reported on side effects. One of them (one of three) reported that a participant withdrew at the start of the trial due to pain on a test of a lung muscle test. One study (two adults) found that one participant could not tolerate an increase in airway pressure. A second trial in this group of adults reported that one patient did not like the mask, one person had a pneumothorax when breathing room air and the other three had aerophagia which resolved when the mask was changed. The third study (13 adult adults) did not have any side-effects. The fourth and fifth trials did not use masks or mouthpipes and the sixth trial did not provide information on side-treatments. The trial of RevMan did not look at the effects of this method on exercise capacity. We judged that most of the other trials had some flaws in the way they were done and we could not be sure if they were at low or very low risks of bias due to lack of details about how they were run or run.
We found that NIPPV at home for at least three months in hypercapnic patients with stable COPD had no effect on blood gases, exercise tolerance, quality of life, lung function, respiratory muscle strength or sleep efficiency. The mean six-minute walk distance (6MWD) was 27.7 m and we could not be sure that there was an effect on 6MWD. We could not exclude that there is an effect that is important for people with COPD, but we cannot be sure of this either. There was no difference in the number of people who walked at least six minutes, forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1), forced flow of air in one breath (FEF1), maximal inspiratory pressure (PImax) or quality of sleep.
We included four trials, with a total of 1190 women, in this update of the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group (preferably delivered by forceps or caesarean section) review. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2016. Induction of labour did not seem to have an effect on the number of babies born with head or shoulder dystocia, or on the risk of caesarian section. There was no clear difference between groups for brachial plexus (the area in the pelvis where the baby’s head rests against the cervix) injury (two events were reported in the control group in one trial, low- and high-risk of injury, and one event in the other in one study, both in the largest trial, moderate- and low-quality evidence, respectively). Nor was there any clear effect on neonatal asphyxia, low five-minute infant Apgar, or low arterial cord blood pH (a measure of blood flow to the brain). Mean birthweight was lower in the induction group, but there was a wide range of results. In one study with data for 818 women, perineal tears were more common in the women who had been in labour for at least 24 hours in the group that had been induced. The risk of a baby with a broken bone in the baby's pelvis was the same in both groups, but the power of the studies to show a difference for such a rare event is very low. The largest trial found that to prevent one fracture in 60 women, it would be necessary to induce labour in 60 of these women. Since induction of labour does not appear to change the rate of either caesaran delivery or instrumental delivery, it is likely to be popular with many women. In settings where obstetricians can be reasonably confident about their scan assessment of the weight of the baby, the advantages and disadvantages of induction at or near term for fetuses with a low birthweight should be discussed with parents. Although some parents and doctors may feel the evidence in favour of induction, others may feel otherwise and may justifiably disagree. Further studies are needed.
We included 56 randomised trials with 95,286 adults. The age of participants ranged from 18 to 107 years. The mean age of women was 77%. Forty-eight of the trials included 94,491 healthy adults. Of these, four trials included healthy adults, nine included postmenopausal women and 35 included older adults who lived on their own or in care. The remaining eight included people with a range of diseases, such as cancer, heart, stroke, stroke or rheumatoid (joint) diseases. Most of the participants were older than 70 years old. All of the studies were conducted in high-income countries. Forty-five of the 56 trials (80% of the total) reported baseline levels of vitamin D in the blood (serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels) at the time of entry to the trials. In 19 of these trials, participants had levels at or above 20 ng/mL, and in the remaining 26 trials, those with levels less than this level were at risk of death. We found that the risk of dying from any cause (death) was decreased by 12.5% to 12.7% in all of the people in the 56 studies. More than 8% of participants dropped out. We did not find any differences in the number of deaths in people who received or did not receive the intervention. When we looked at the effects of the different forms of the vitamin D drug, we found that people who had a higher level of the active form (vitamins D3 and D2) had a greater chance of death than those who did not have this drug. A subgroup of trials at high risk of bias (high risk of play of chance) may have shown that vitamin D2 may increase death, but this finding could be due to errors in the way the study was run. We also found that when we looked separately at the effect of the two forms of D2, alfacalcidol and calcitriol, there was no effect on death. However, combining the results of 38 of the 38 trials showed that those who had D3 with calcium may be at increased risk of cancer death. In addition, those who received D3 alone or in the same group were at a greater risk of developing cancer than those given D2 or D2 alone. We could not tell whether vitamin D was more or less likely to cause death than other forms of VD. Our analysis showed that for every 150 people treated with VD for five years, 150 people would avoid one death. This means that for each 150 people who receive VD, one death would be prevented for every 100 people who do not have VD compared with one death if VD is not added to the usual care. We were not able to draw conclusions about the safety of the use of D in people with heart or stroke or with other diseases due to the lack of information provided by the studies.
We found that all three drugs (fluoxetine, orlistat, and sibutramine) in this group of drugs can help people with type 2 diabetes to lose weight over a period of 12 to 57 weeks. The magnitude of weight loss is modest, and the long-term health benefits are not clear. There is a paucity of data on other drugs for weight loss or control in type 2 diabetics.
We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing VGB with CBZ in a total of 734 participants. We assessed only one of the five RCTs as good quality and the other four as poor. It was not clear whether VGB or CBZ was the better treatment in terms of the time to first seizure and time to complete six-month remission. VGB was found to be more likely to cause weight gain and skin rash and drowsiness than CBZ, but there was no clear advantage for VGB on the time from first seizure to the first episode of seizures. No differences were found between VGB and CBZ for the occurrence of visual field defects or other visual disturbances. Data are insufficient to address the risk-benefit balance of VGB versus CBZ monotherapy for epilepsy.
We found four RCTs that compared plerixafor with placebo (gastrocyte-concentrate-based treatment) in 600 adults with either multiple myeloma or non-Hodgkin lymphoma. Two of these trials did not recruit a large amount of patients and did not report any results. The other two trials included 600 people with both types of cancer. In both of these studies, the experimental group received G-CSF plus plerizafor and the control group had placebo. The results of the analysis showed no difference between the groups in terms of the risk of death at 12 months and adverse events during stem cell collection. There was also no difference in the time to neutrophil and platelet engraftment in transplants. None of the trials reported on quality of life and the length of time that the cancer did not get worse. There is not yet any evidence to show whether the use of plersafor improves the number of transplants in people with cancer who have not received a stem cell transplant.
We found 23 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 1806 women with SUI. All of the trials were small, and in many the quality was hard to judge. Some trials had high drop-out rates with both cone and comparison treatments. Cones were found to be better than no treatment, but not as good as PFMT or electrostimulation. There was not enough evidence to show that cones plus PFMT was any better or worse than either cones alone or PFMT alone. Only a few of the RCTs used quality of life measures and no study looked at the cost.
We included 11 trials with a total of 2246 AF patients (ranging from 14 to 712 by study) in this review. The participants were adults (aged 18 years and older) who had OAT for at least six months. The interventions evaluated were: (1) education, (2) decision aids, (3) self-monitoring plus education, and (4) behavioural (e.g. self-assessments of blood pressure, pulse, and blood flow) measures. We found that there was no difference in the risk of TTR in AF patients who received self-diagnosed TTR or self-medication with anticoagulants compared with those who did not. However, we found that anxiety and depression may be reduced by the use of decision aids. There was no effect of self-health-promoting interventions on TTR. We rated the quality of the evidence as very low, low, or low.
The aim of this review was to assess the effect of prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) for women in the first 24 hours postpartum after having a caesarean section for any cause. The aim was to find out if PGE2 had an effect on the chances of vaginal birth in 24 hours, on the risk of uterine hyperstimulation with changes in the baby's heart rate and on the chance of the baby’s head falling out. The review found that, when compared with placebo or no treatment, vaginal PGE2 reduced the likelihood of birth not being achieved within 24 hours. The risk of the caesarian section rate was probably reduced by about 10% (13.5% compared with 14.8%). Prostaglandins probably do not affect or may lead to an increased risk of caesar section rates. They do not seem to have an impact on the number of women who have a change in the cervix (cervical shape) with no increase in the number who need to be operated on. The overall effect on improving maternal and fetal outcomes (across a range of measures) is not clear and the overall risk of bias of the trials was not clearly described. PGE1 tablets, gels and pessaries appear to be as good as each other, with some differences between them, but these may be due to chance.
The aim of this review was to compare cot-nursing with a heated water-filled mattress compared to care in an incubator. Five trials, with a total of 247 newborns, were included in this review. Cot- nursing did not affect body temperature and weight gain when compared to incubator care. There was no difference in the number of episodes of hyperthermia (low body temperature) that occurred in the incubator group. There were no differences in weight gain or in the risk of death in either group. Babies who were breast fed on the first day after discharge from hospital and those who died on admission to the nursery did not have a greater risk of dying than those who were not breast fed, but the difference was not large enough to be meaningful. Cot-nuring with warming of the nursery resulted in a smaller weight gain in one of the five included trials.
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 146 participants. The main findings of the review were that the open and closed surgery may be as good as each other for the removal of PDCs (low- to very low-risk of bias). One of the open surgery groups had one case of detachment of the gold chain (closed surgery group) and one of the closed surgery group had a post-surgery infection and pain during alignment of the teeth as the chain cut through the gum tissue of the palate. We were not able to pool results for the other outcomes that we had hoped to look at, such as the appearance of the tooth, pain and discomfort, periodontal health and treatment time. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all of the outcomes. This means that we are uncertain as to whether one technique is better than the other for any of these outcomes. There is a need for more high-quality research in this area.
We found three randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials, involving 244 women. The studies were considered to be at high risk of bias. The prostaglandins used were PG E2 (sulprostone) in 50 women and PG E1 (misoprostol) in 194 women at a dose of 250 mcg and 800 mcg, and were compared with a dummy drug (placebo) in women who did not give birth by caesarean section. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2014. We did not obtain any data for the main outcomes of death from any cause and the need to add another drug to the uterotonic. Prostaglandin administration did not reduce the need for the placenta to be cut from the womb to the uterus, blood loss, need for blood transfusion, or the time from the time of injection to the time that the baby was still in the womb. Side-effects were no different between groups (vomiting, headache, pain and nausea, shivering) except for'shivering' which was more frequent in the group that was treated with prostanzolol. There was no difference between groups in mean blood loss or the mean time from injection to placentation (minutes) or side-side-effects (shivering) with the exception of'shivers' which occurred more often in the groups that were given propanol. The included studies were of poor quality and there is little confidence in the effect estimates; the true effect is likely to be much greater. We can not make any recommendations about changes to practice. More high-quality research in this area is needed.
We found six randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, multi-centre trials (RCTs) comparing CDP as CPAP or CNP with CPAP alone or in conjunction with nasal CPAP in preterm babies. We found that the use of CDP was associated with a lower risk of treatment failure (death or use of assisted ventilator) and lower death rates in infants with birth weight above 1500 g. We also found that there was no difference in the risk of bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD) at 28 days of age, as well as no change in BPD at nine to 14 years of age. There was an increased risk of pneumothorax in the CNP group, which is a type of lung collapse that can lead to lung collapse and death. The use of CPAP with CNP was not found to be associated with an increase in the number of babies who had a lung collapse or need to be put on a breathing tube. There is a need for more research in this area.
We included six trials with a total of 157 participants in this review. There was no evidence to suggest that foam wound dressings are more effective in healing foot ulcers in people with diabetes than other types of dressing. However, all trials in this field are very small and follow-up times were limited. Decision makers may wish to consider aspects such as dressing cost and the wound treatments offered by each type of dressing e.g. exudate management.
We found three randomised, quasi-randomised, controlled trials (RCTs) comparing endoscopy with surgery in a total of 111 adults with a mean age of over 60 years of age. Two of the trials (55 and 56 adults) were from the surgical group and the third was from the non-surgical group (32 adults). The number of participants in the first trial was not large, and the number of patients in the second trial was too low to allow us to draw conclusions about the effect of surgery in terms of pain relief. The surgical group had a greater percentage of patients with pain relief both at middle/long-term follow-up (two to five years) and long-term treatment (≥ five years). Patients in the surgery group were more likely to have a good quality of life and to have preserved the function of the pancreas at the end of treatment, but there was no difference in the risk of death between the groups. The third trial (32 adult adults) was a non-RCT and had a high risk of bias. The trial showed that surgery was better than endoscopic surgery in reducing the pain and preserving the condition of the pancreatic duct. However, the trial was small and had problems with the way in which it was done. The trials did not have a large number of people in them, and we are not sure that the results would be the same in the long term.
We found only one randomised trial that was at a high risk of bias. This trial included 857 adults who had minor skin excision surgery in the primary care setting. The wounds were sutured after the excision. Patients were randomised to early (showering soon after surgery and dressing to be removed after 12 hours and bathing for at least 48 hours) or delayed (showers and bathing later but not for a few hours) post-surgery. There was no difference between the groups in the number of patients who developed surgical site infection. The risk of developing SSIs was 8.5% in the early bathing group and 8.8% in those who had their bathing delayed. There is currently no evidence to support the use of early or delayed post-operative showering or bathing for the prevention of wound complications.
We found only one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared prednisone with no treatment in 35 people with MS. The RCT did not measure the main outcome we were looking for. We are uncertain about the effects of oral prednisolone compared with no intervention, as the only RCT we found had a high risk of bias (risk of arriving at wrong conclusions because of the way it was done) and had a very low risk of systematic error (ie, there was a potential to arrive at the wrong conclusions by chance). The only study we found compared a high-dose (four-times-a-day) daily corticosteroid (dexamethasone) with a lower dose (four times a day) of oral corticostimulant (two-tenths of a drop in the dose) in 40 participants. The trial did not report side effects in detail, but it did report that one participant had died after one year. There was no difference between the groups in the number of people who achieved remission (i.e. no worsening of the disease) or in the severity of the symptoms of MS after a year, change in grip strength (e.g. strength of grip that is used to hold a hand in a fist), or change in quality of life. Eight out of 16 people in the prednesolone group and seven out of 24 in the dexamethaetens group deteriorated. Most side effects were the same with each treatment, except that sleeplessness was less common with the higher dose (low-quality evidence) as was moon facies (night-shade of the face). We need more research to find out which treatment is the best to treat MS. We rated the quality of the evidence from the one RCT that we found as very low. This means that we have very little confidence in the results and that we cannot be certain that they are true.
We found six studies with a total of 2100 people with asthma. Four of the studies were from the USA, one from the UK and one each from Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Greece, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, Norway, Poland, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey, the UK, the USA and the UK. We did not find any differences between face-to-face and remote asthma check-ups in terms of asthma flare-ups (flare-ups are episodes in which a person’s asthma gets worse) or in quality of life. We could not say whether more people who had a remote check-up needed to be seen by a doctor than those who were seen by telephone, as the results were too imprecise. We also could not tell whether there was a difference in serious side-effects between the two groups. The studies could not be blinded and dropout was high in four of the six studies, which may have had an effect on the results and may have made it more likely that people dropped out of the study. One study showed that people with severe refractory (severe asthma) asthma who were offered a telephone consultation were more than twice as likely to have a flare-up that required a course of corticosteroids (over three months) compared to people who were only seen by phone. There was no difference between the groups in the number of patients who were able to control their asthma, or in how well they could cope with their asthma. We are not sure whether there is a risk of bias from not being able to see a doctor, but we are less sure about the results from the other way round.
We found three RCTs with a total of 212 people with JIA. The results showed that there was no clear improvement in the short-term (i.e. six weeks or less) in the number of days that people could walk, run or swim. There was also no clear effect on quality of life, exercise capacity or pain. None of the studies found that people who did or did not do exercise had any side-effects from the treatment. The included and excluded studies were all consistent about the side effects of the treatment and showed that no long-term side effects were found in any study. Both included and not included studies showed that exercise does not cause arthritis to get worse. However, the results of this review are based on'silver-level' evidence (www.cochranemsk.org) and there is a need for more research in this area.
We included 19 randomised and quasi-randomised trials with 2663 adults (aged 18 years and older) who had been in the ICU or in the inpatients (outpatients) and had severe flare-ups (inpatients and ICU) of COPD. Antibiotics were used to treat COPD in 11 trials (11 with outpatients, seven with inpatants, and one with ICU patients) and to treat the flare-up in the other trials (13 with ICUs). The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. We did not find any studies that looked at the effects of antibiotics on the risk of death. We found that in patients with mild to moderate COPD (i.e. those with COPD that had not progressed to more severe COPD) who were in hospital, the use of antibiotics (antibiotics that are no longer in use) reduced the risk that they would need to be re-treatable between the first day of treatment and the first month after treatment (from 295 to 212 per 1000 treated participants, 95% CI 165 to 277 per 1000). Antibiotic use was not found to be different in patients who were not in hospital. We also found that when we looked at trials that used antibiotics that are not in use anymore, there was no reduction in the number of people who would not recover from COPD if they were treated with the same type of antibiotics. We could not tell whether there was an effect on death or on the length of time patients spent in hospital (from five days to 10 days) when we only looked at studies that used the same types of drugs as those that are in use now. The risk of dying was no greater in the group of people treated with antibiotics than in the control group (from 565 to 107 per 1000 patients). The length of stay in hospital was similar in both groups (nine days to nine days). There was no difference between the groups in terms of side effects (adverse events) nor in the numbers of patients who had diarrhoea (diarrhoea) or who died (from 6.55 to 6.94 per 1000 people). We found no difference in quality of life for patients who received antibiotics compared to those who did not, but we could not be sure if this difference was due to the type of drug used. We rated the quality of the evidence as low or very low for most of the outcomes. This means that we are uncertain about the results and that further research is likely to have an impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect and is unlikely to change the estimate.
We included nine RCTs with a total of 1414 participants (age range 24 to 70; mean age 45 to 59, where reported) in this review. We found no evidence of an effect of whole grain diets on the risk of death from any cause or on any of the CVD events (total myocardial infarction, unstable angina, coronary artery bypass graft surgery, percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty, or total stroke). We found that there was no difference between whole grain and control groups in the amount of cholesterol in the blood (mean 0.07/L/L, 95% confidence interval -0.07 to 0.21) or in blood lipids (blood lipids are fat-like substances found in the body that are thought to increase CVD risk factors, such as blood pressure) or blood sugar (blood pressure is a type of fat that rises when you are at high risk of stroke or heart disease, and is thought to be caused by high blood pressure). There was no evidence that whole grain was any more or less likely to cause a heart attack or stroke than other types of CVD. However, there were too few trials and they were too short-term (no more than 16 weeks) to be able to draw conclusions about whether or not there was an effect. There is a need for well-designed, large, long-term, randomised, and well-conducted trials to answer questions about the effects of a whole grain diet for CVD prevention.
We found 28 studies with a total of 1896 adults with an orthopaedic fracture of the knee or hip. Most of the participants had an air-stirrup versus an orthosis or a walking cast. There was some evidence that the use of a removable type of immobilising device (such as a bandage or plaster cast) to enable weight-bearing improved the range of motion of the affected leg in the short-term (i.e. up to six weeks) but not in the long-term. The use of this type of device reduced pain and the risk of pain-free walking in five of the eight studies that looked at this outcome. However, it also led to a higher rate of adverse events (mostly minor) events such as pain, swelling and swelling of the skin around the ankle, and increased the number of people who had to stop walking for at least six weeks. The number of patients who were able to walk on the non-fractured side of the leg was 6% to 12% more than those who were allowed to do so on the fractured side (2% to 13% more). There was no difference between the groups in the length of time that people could walk on either side. There were no clear results on the best type of support or immobilisation. One study found that using a backslab (a fabric bandage) improved range of movement compared with a cast, but the other showed that it was not as good as the bandage. Five studies looked at the effect of a type of electrotherapy modality (electrotherapy) and found that it may be better than a plaster cast. More research is needed to find out which is the best way to help people with a dislocated knee after surgery.
We found four randomised and non-randomised trials. All four studies were from low-income countries. Two were from the USA, one from the UK, and one each from Australia, Brazil, China, France, Greece, India, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, Norway, Poland, Sweden, Spain, Switzerland, and the UK. The interventions tested in the studies included a home-based nursing programme, a caregiver medication diaries, peer-to-peer peer support group therapy, a lopinavir-ritonavir (LPV/r) regimen, and a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase (NNRTI) (PRT) (a drug that blocks viral replication) regimens. A non-RCT of a caregivator-medicine diaries showed that the intervention group had fewer missed doses (85% and 92%) than the control group (92% and 85% in the RCT and RCT, respectively), but this difference was not significant. The RCT had no effect on CD4 percentage or viral load. A RCT of peer-based peer-support group therapy showed no change in self-reported adherence, yet the percentage of participants with suppressed viral load increased from 30% to 80% (p=.06) in the group on the LP/r regimens, and in the non-PRT group from 80% to 90%. The non-PST group did not have an effect on adherence or disease outcomes. Two non-pregnant studies showed that children on an Lopavir/r regimen achieved >80% adherence (i.e. 80% or more in the PRT group, but not on the NNRTi group. One non-principial non-rritase regimens did not appear to have an impact on the number of patients with antiretroviral-free CD4 counts or the amount of virus in the blood. The other non-freeze-dissolved viral load was greater in the LNP/r group than in the NRTI group. A home-by-nurse intervention has the potential to improve adherence to ART, but more evidence is needed. Medication diaries do not seem to improve the rate of medication refills or quality of life.
This review found that oral fenoprofen 200 mg is an effective treatment for acute postoperative pain in adults (aged 18 years and over) who have had third molar extraction, laparoscopy, minor day surgery and episiotomy. The NNT for at least 50% pain relief over 4 to 6 hours was 2.3 (1.9 to 3.0) with a dose of 200 mg compared to 0.5 mg with placebo. There were not enough data to assess other doses or active comparators, time to use of other painkillers, or numbers of people who needed more painkillers. There was no difference in the numbers of participants who had any side-effects between the oral dose of fenuprofen (200 mg) and placebo (0.5 to 100 mg) in these studies.
This is an update of a review first carried out in 2009. We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of PFMT for prolapse in 2011 and found six RCTs to include in this update. Four of these were small (less than 25 women per arm) and two had a high risk of bias (i.e. there was a chance of bias due to the way the trials were run). Four trials compared PFMT with a control group (857 women) and compared it to surgery alone (no PFMT). The largest and best-known RCT to date suggests that six months of supervised PFMT improves prolapse stage by 17% compared to no PFMT. Pooling data on severity of prolapse from the largest RCT showed that PFMT improved the chance of an improvement in prolapse severity by 17%. The two trials which measured pelvic floor muscle function found better function (or improvement in function) in the PFMT group compared to the control group; measurements were not known to be blinded. Two out of three trials which assessed urinary outcomes (urodynamics, frequency and bother of symptoms, or symptom score) also found differences between groups in favour of the group that had PFMT, and one of these showed that there was less bother and frequency of symptoms in the group in which PFMT was used. One of the trials also found that women had less need to go to the loo with PFMT and the other did not. Both trials were small and neither measured prolapse-specific outcomes. Pelvic floor muscle strength was not clear in the two out of the three trials: one found no difference in strength between the two groups, whilst the other found a benefit for the pelvic floor group in terms of stronger muscles. There was no change in symptom score change in one of the two trials, but one of them found more improvement in urinary symptoms and a reduction in diurnal (night-time) frequency in the groups receiving PFMT in the first six months after the start of the trial. There is now some good-quality, well-conducted, randomised, double-blinded (where the participants and those not included in the trial are not aware of which group the participants were in) trials comparing PFMT versus surgery alone for women with prolapse. A large trial of adding PFMT to surgery is needed to give clear evidence about the use of these treatments. Other comparisons which have not been looked at in trials to date and warrant consideration include those involving lifestyle changes (e.g. changes in lifestyle) and trials aimed at prolapse prevention.
We found 14 randomised trials (1,724 participants or ears) comparing quinolone (antibiotics) with no drug or antiseptics for treating CSOM. Quinolones were found to be better than no drug treatment at clearing aural discharge at one week, but not at one or three weeks after treatment. There was no difference in the number of patients who cleared CSOM at two weeks, but this was not clear at three weeks or four weeks. There were no clear benefits of using non-quinolone or non-antibiotic drugs for clearing CSOM, and it is not clear if there are any adverse events. We found no clear effects of non-cinolone drugs compared to no drug (antiseptic) or no drug plus an antiseptic. We are not able to draw conclusions about the risk of adverse events from the use of these drugs, but it is unclear whether they are more or less likely to cause an adverse event than other drugs. Overall, the quality of the trials was poor and the length of follow-up was short.
We included 21 studies with a total of 6253 people with a range of ages from 18 to 80 years of age. Most studies were from the 1970's, 1980's and 1990s and used the FRS for the first time. We found that the use of FRS to diagnose schizophrenia in triage will result in the diagnosis of around five to 19 out of 100 people in the first stage of triage who have FRS as having schizophrenia, but many of these people will be missed by the triage staff and will not be assessed by a clinician. These people will still need to be referred to a specialist for help due to the severity of their symptoms and mental state. With a specificity of 81% (out of 100) FRS will correctly identify 75% to 95% of people with schizophrenia 75% of the time. This means that for every 100 people with FRS, around 5 to 19 will be found to have schizophrenia and around 40% of these will not receive the right type of care. Some of these patients may be missed and may have to wait a few weeks or months for the right treatment. Others, whom specialists will not consider to have symptoms of schizophrenia, could be treated too soon if triage relies on the presence of a FRS. Empathetic, considerate use of this test should avoid a good proportion of these errors. We hope that newer tests, such as the Schizophrenia Severity Rating, which are being developed, will show that symptoms of first rank can still be helpful where other tests are not available.
We included 10 RCTs, of which 5 were new to this update. There were 2003 participants in the 9 educational interventions and 44 in the 1 study of a psychosocial self-help intervention. The largest and most robust study (n = 992) was the first to use the SCORAD tool, which is a tool that rates the severity of atopic eczema based on the number of people who rated it as 'objective' (i.e. no change in severity). The other studies used other tools, such as the GP-led and nurse-led groups, and we could not combine them in the meta-analysis. We did not find any studies that used psychological interventions. All of the interventions were added to the usual care of parents in primary- and secondary-care (where children go to see a GP) and were delivered in a nurse- or dermatologist-led clinic. We found that all of the studies were of high quality, although some had weaknesses in the way they were done. We also found that there was some evidence that parents of children aged 3 months to 7 years benefited from the use of educational interventions, and that children aged 8 to 12 years were more likely to have a good quality of life in the intervention group compared with the group that did not receive the intervention. There was no evidence that any of the other interventions led to improvement in sleep quality. We are not able to draw conclusions about the cost-effectiveness of these types of treatments. The quality of the evidence is low to moderate. The evidence is up to date to May 2017.
We found 14 trials with a total of 7753 people with LRTI. HBOT was found to be better than no HBOT in treating osteoradionecrosis and reduced the chance of ORN in people who had had an ORN after tooth extraction in an irradiated field. There was no effect of HBOT on the risk of wound breakdown in those who had undergone surgery for ORN, but there was no evidence that HBOT had an effect on brain or spinal cord injury. There were no trials that looked at whether HBOT could be used to treat other symptoms such as proctitis, ulcerative colitis, colostomies or ulcers in the anus, or the head, neck, anus and rectum. These trials did not report adverse events.
We found 10 RCTs involving 2961 surgeons. The use of blunt needles was compared to the use of sharp needles in a range of operations. Four of the 10 studies focused on the closure of the abdomen, two on caesarean section, one on vaginal repair and one on hip surgery. On average, a surgeon that used sharp needles sustained one perforation of the glove in three operations. The risk of perforations was 0.46 (range 0.38 to 0.54) for each of the six operations in which the surgeon used a sharp needle compared to one that used a blunt needle. This means that for every six operations performed with sharp needles, one of the surgeon's gloves will fall off (perforation) in one of every six. In four of the studies, the risk of needle stick injuries was 1% compared to 0% with sharp needle use. Because the force needed for the blunt needles is higher, their use was rated as more difficult but still acceptable in five out of six studies. The quality of the evidence was high.
We found that trifluoperazine was no different from other low-potency antipsychotic drugs in terms of the number of people who responded to treatment, number of participants with at least one side-effects and number of patients who stopped the drug due to any reason. Trifluperazine caused more movement disorders than other drugs. However, there was no difference in the amount of time people spent in the study or the length of time they were in the studies. The results did not show a difference in effectiveness of the drugs. The number of randomised studies as well as their quality is low, the quality of evidence for outcomes of interest ranged from moderate to very low quality, so more, newer studies would be needed for conclusions about the differences in effectiveness and side effects.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that included 593 preterm infants in total. The included RCTs were generally of low or very low risk of bias. The trials did not find a strong or consistent effect on the length of time preterm babies spent in hospital. Some (low quality) evidence showed that preterm newborns who were fed in response to feeding cues were able to eat and drink from a tube sooner than those who were not fed in this way. However, this finding should be viewed with some caution due to the small size of the trials and flaws in the way they were conducted. A large, well-designed RCT would be needed to confirm this finding and to find out if the time taken for a preterm baby to eat from a feeding tube is any different from the time it takes when he or she is fed by mouth.
We found that there were no major events in the included in the studies. However, there was a reduction in the ankle brachial index (ABI) in participants who received folic acid and 5-methyltetrahydrofolate (5-MTHF) compared with placebo. There was no effect on the risk of limb loss in the multivitamin B group compared with the placebo group. Currently, no recommendation can be made regarding the value of treatment of hyperhomocysteinaemia in peripheral arterial disease.
We found that there have been only a small amount of randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that have looked at the impact of the use of fee-for-service or capitation payments on the amount of time and work that dentists do in their patients' care. There have been no RCTs looking at the cost-effectiveness of the methods used to reward dentists in the setting of remuneration. One RCT, which included data from 503 dentists and 4771 patients, was conducted in four of the most deprived parts of the city of Glasgow in the early 1990s. The authors found that the dentists were more likely to give preventive advice and to carry out fillings and extractions in those dentists who were paid with a fee for their time and effort. However, the study was carried out in the four most deprived areas of Scotland, so it is not clear if the findings would be the same in other areas of the country. The other study, which was undertaken over a three-year period, found that capitation (where teeth were restored at a later stage in the disease process in the capitation system) was more cost-effective. The capitonists tended to see their patients less often and did not carry out many fillings or extractions, but they did give more advice. There was not enough information about which method was the best to use to pay dentists. We judged the risk of bias to be high for both studies and the overall quality of the evidence was low/very low for all outcomes.
We included 21 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) reported in 54 papers involving over 17,000 women and their babies. One trial did not contribute data. Trials were generally at low risk of bias. We found that the risk of preterm birth was 14% in the group of women who took zinc and the risk in the other groups who did not take zinc (16 RCTs; 7637 women). There was no difference between the groups for any of the other outcomes, including stillbirth or neonatal death and low birthweight. No clear differences were seen in the subgroups of women with low or very low levels of zinc in their blood, or in those who did or did not comply with the treatment. The risk of stillbirth and death of the baby were similar in the groups of women taking zinc and those not, and this has some relevance in areas where there are high perinatal deaths. The GRADE quality of the evidence was moderate for preterm births, small-for-gestation age, low birthweights and stillbirth, and low for neonatal deaths and birthweights.
We found 10 RCTs (1656 adults and children) comparing probiotics to antifungal drugs. All trials used probiotics as an adjuvant treatment. We found that probiotics increased the rate of short-term cure and mycological cure and decreased the relapse rate at one month. However, this did not translate into a higher number of long-term cures. Probiotics use does not seem to increase the frequency of serious or non-serious adverse events. There is a need for well-designed trials with longer follow-up and larger sample size.
We found that progestogens (progesterone or progestogen-like drugs) are effective in the treatment of women who are at high risk of having a preterm birth (births before 37 weeks of age) with a progesterone-like drug compared to placebo or no treatment. However, progestogenic drugs may have little or no effect in the rate of preterm births. We are not sure if treatment of a woman’s risk of birth preterm is reduced with the use of progestoids compared to no treatment because the quality of the evidence was very low. The quality of evidence for the main outcomes ranged from very low to moderate. This was due to the small number of events in six of the trials and the wide range of results for some of the outcomes.
We identified a large number of trials of laser photocoagulation of diabetic retinopathy (n = 83) but only five of these trials were eligible for inclusion in the review, i.e. they were all conducted in the USA, one study in the UK and one in Japan. A total of 4786 people (9503 eyes) were included in these studies. The majority of participants in four of these studies were people with a type of retinopathies called 'proliferative' (worsened) retinitis and one of them was from Japan. Four of the trials compared laser treatment with an argon laser and one trial compared laser to no laser treatment. All five of the studies were at risk of bias due to the way they were designed and performed. At 12 months after laser treatment, there was no difference between eyes that received laser treatment and those that did not receive laser treatment in terms of loss of 15 or more letters of visual acuity (low quality evidence). Longer term follow-up did not show a clear pattern, but one study found a 20% drop in the risk of losing 20 letters of vision at five years with laser. There was a 50% reduction in risk of progression of the disease in treated eyes and a similar risk of vitreous haemorrhage (blood in the eye) after 12 months. None of the other outcomes we planned to look at, such as near (the line between the top and the bottom of the macula) or quality of life, pain, loss of driving licence or side-effects such as retinal detachment, were reported. We did not plan any subgroup analyses, but there was a difference in baseline risk in participants with non-prolifients (e.g. those who did not have a disease that had spread to the surface of the retina) compared to those with a disease which had spread from the retina to the inside the eye. We judged the quality of the evidence to be moderate or low, depending on the outcome. This is due to reporting of trials that were done many years in the past, after which laser treatment has become the mainstay of treatment for people with this type of disease.
We found that CPAP or bilevel NPPV may reduce the need for a tracheal tube to be inserted (tracheal intubation) and the length of time spent in the ICU. We did not find any effect on the risk of death or hospital length of stay. There was not enough evidence to be sure that the intervention had an effect on leakage from the anastomotic tube (pneumothorax), pneumonia- and sepsis- and bloodstream infections (sepsis or blood infection) after surgery. One study of 60 adults who received CPAP compared to oxygen therapy found that bilevical CPAP may improve blood gas levels and blood pH one hour after the intervention. However, we found no difference in the number of deaths. The trials included in this review did not report information on gastric insufflation, fistulae (a type of tube that opens up the gut to help the airway to open and open the airways), airway pressure, skin breakdown, eye irritation, sinus congestion, oronasal dryness, or patient-ventilator asynchrony (when the ventilator is placed in the wrong place at the wrong time) or bleeding. We judged both studies to be at high risk of bias (that is, there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way that the trial was run and performed). Therefore, we rated the quality of the evidence as low or very low. More good quality studies are needed to confirm these findings.
We found four trials involving 388 women that were judged to be at an unclear to high risk of bias overall. Three of the trials (involving diazepam, ketamine and vinydan-ether) were assessed for the use of analgesia for forceps delivery. The other three trials assessed alternative analgesics (e.g. ketamine, lignocaine and spinal analgesia) for the provision of anaesthesia. All four of the included trials used a number of different methods to measure pain, and thus results could not be combined in a meta-analysis. There is not yet enough evidence to support any particular analgesic agent or method as most effective in reducing the pain of forceps or caesarean birth. No trials reported on the review's other outcomes of adverse events for the mother or baby, or on the risk of death or illness for the baby.
We included 15 studies with a total of 1048 adults with asthma. Most of the trials were from India, and most were from Europe and the USA. The majority of participants were adults of both sexes with mild to moderate asthma for six months to more than 23 years old. Five of the 15 trials included the practice of yoga breathing alone, while the other five compared it with other ways of practising breathing, posture, and meditation. Interventions lasted from two weeks to 54 months, for no more than six months in the majority of studies. There was some evidence that yoga may lead to improvements in quality of life and symptoms in the short term (i.e. for at least six months) and in the long term (for at least 54 months) in people with asthma, but we are not sure if this is an effect that will last for the rest of their lives. We also found that there may be improvements in lung function and medication use, but again, we are uncertain about this. No serious adverse events were reported, but the data on this outcome was limited. We found that the risk of bias was low across all domains in one study and was unclear or high in at least one of the other for the remainder. The quality of evidence was low to very low for most of the outcomes, which means that further research is likely to have an effect on our results and may change them.
We included 10 trials (249 participants) in this review. Seven of the 10 trials assessed a single drug treatment, and 3 assessed a treatment combination. Many of the trials did not report information that could be used to assess whether or not any of the drugs had an effect on the progression of IBM. We found that interferon beta-1a and methotrexate (MTX) did not reduce the rate of progression of the disease, and that an open trial of ATG (antibodies to ATG) combined with MTX versus MTX provided very low-quality evidence in favour of the combined therapy. Trials of IVIg, oxandrolone, azathioprine, and arimoclomol did not provide information that we could use to assess the effect of these drugs. We were not able to draw conclusions from studies of simvastatin and bimagrumab due to the short length of time that these drugs were assessed. None of the studies included in the review reported any serious side-effects. We need more trials that are larger, of longer duration, and use well-validated, standardised, and measured outcomes.
We included nine RCTs with a total of 3144 adults and adults with SSTIs caused by MRSA in this review. We found that linezolol was better than vancomycin in terms of the rate of cure rate (i.e. the number of people who were cured of the SSTI by the time of the end of the trial) and that the length of time spent in hospital was three days shorter for those in the linezolid group than for those treated with a conventional antibiotic. There was no difference in the risk of death from any cause. There were fewer episodes of red man syndrome, rash, itching, and itching and rash in people treated with linezolinol compared with those who were given a conventional antifungal drug. However, there were more episodes of thrombocytopenia (blood clots in the blood) and nausea when people received linezolic. The cost of linezole was less than the cost of a course of intravenous (injecting a drug into a vein) treatment. Further well-designed studies are needed to confirm these findings. The available evidence is at high risk of bias and is based on studies that were supported by the drug company that makes linezoline.
We included eight RCTs with a total of 512 participants in this review. Our analysis showed that there were no differences between the two types of surgery in terms of the number of deaths, the length of time that the surgery took place, and the time taken for the gastric emptying after surgery. However, there were differences in some of the perioperative outcomes, which favoured the use of percutaneous transluminal swaddling. Furthermore, operating time, blood loss, and red blood cell transfusion were all reduced in the PPW group compared with the control group. The quality of evidence was rated as low based on GRADE (Grades of Recommendation, Assessment, Development and Evaluation) criteria.
The aim of this review was to assess the effect of these drugs on the risk of death in brain and spinal cord injury patients with subarachnoid haemorrhage. Six RCTs, with a total of 1862 patients, were included in this review. Five of the six studies showed that the drug nimodipine reduced the number of people who died in a subgroup of people with brain injury who had a bleed in the brain. Three of the trials showed that patients who received the drug were less likely to have a stroke than those who did not receive the drug. One of the drugs, nimmodipine, caused more side effects than the other. This may mean that some of the drug may be harmful for some patients.
We included four RCTs with a total of 3090 participants in this review. Three of the trials were considered to be at a low risk of bias, and one trial was considered to have a high risk. When survival to discharge was compared, 38 of 320 (11.88%) participants in the initial CPR plus delayed defibrillation group survived to discharge compared with 39 of 338 (10.54%) in the immediate defibrillator group. When we looked at the outcomes at one year, we could not rule out the benefit of either treatment. Adverse events were not reported in any of the studies. Owing to the low quality of evidence, we have not been able to conclude conclusively whether CPR and one and one-half to three-and-a-half-minutes of CPR as the first treatment before defibrilation have the same effects on rates of return of the heart, survival to hospital discharge or brain injury. We have also been unable to conclude whether one of the treatments is better than the other. We suggest that this is an area that needs further rigorous research through large, high-quality randomised controlled trials.
The aim of this Cochrane review was to assess the effectiveness and safety of any of the treatments in the management of women who have not been able to give birth after IVF. A search for randomised trials was run in 2004 and a new search was carried out in 2007. Ten randomised controlled trials were found that met the requirements for inclusion in the review. All trials compared the use of gonadotrophins (gonadotropins are drugs that block the release of the hormone gonadotropin-reuptake (GnRH) and are used in IVF) to control the number of oocytes retrieved in the first month of IVF treatment. The GnRH is a hormone that signals the body to release the hormone progesterone. The studies showed that the GnRH was lower in the GnRHa long protocol group compared to the stop protocol and GnRH antagonist group. There was no difference in the live birth rates between the groups. None of the trials reported on the miscarriage and ectopic (pregnant but not yet born) rates. There is not enough evidence to support the routine use of any treatment for pituitary down regulation, ovary stimulation or adjuvant therapy in the treatment of poor response to ovaries that have not responded to IVF therapy.
We found 53 randomised and quasi-randomised randomised controlled trials (RCTs; a type of study in which participants are assigned to treatment groups by a method similar to the toss of a coin) with a total of 2981 people with schizophrenia who were followed up for at least six months. Most of the RCTs took place in the USA, but there were some other countries in the review as well. We found that people who received a family intervention may be less at risk of relapsing than those who did not receive one. They may also be less likely to be admitted to hospital and may be more likely to take their medication as prescribed. We did not find evidence that the number of people who left care was any greater or that there was an increase in the risk of suicide in those who received the intervention. The quality of the studies was poor and some may not have been of high enough standard to assess the effectiveness of the interventions.
We found three trials that compared DEBs with uncoated balloons for treating in-stent restenosis within the femoropopliteal arteries. These trials were carried out in Germany and Austria and used paclitaxel as the agent in the drug-eluting balloons. Two of the three trials were industry-sponsored. All three trials examined the use of DEBs for the treatment of symptomatic restenous blockage of the femoral artery. Most of the trials followed up to 12 months, but one trial followed participants for up to 24 months. We found that DEBs were better than uncoaled balloons for the outcomes of target lesion revascularization (removal of the blockage and reopening of the artery) and binary restenose (blockage of one or more of the other two endpoints) up to six months after the end of treatment. We also found that the risk of amputation was no greater in the DEBs group than in the uncoosed group. Data show no clear differences in death between DEBs and uncoaked balloon angioplasty. Data were not sufficient for subgroup or meta-analysis to be conducted. We considered the certainty of evidence for all these outcomes to be very low due to the small size of the studies and participants and the high risk of bias in the design of the study.
We found that corticosteroids can reduce the risk of coronary artery problems and the duration of fever, the time for blood tests to normalise and the length of time spent in hospital. The risk of death from any cause was not increased by the use of steroids, and there was no increase in the number of deaths due to steroids. There were not many adverse events due to steroid use, but there were too few events to be sure of this. Certain groups, such as those based in Asia, those with higher risk scores, and those receiving longer steroids, may have greater benefit from steroids, but more tests are needed to answer these questions. Evidence was of high quality for serious adverse events, death and time for tests to return to normal. It was of moderate quality for the rate of heart problems due to coronary artery blockage and for the time taken for blood test results to be normalised. The quality of evidence was low for the occurrence of serious side-effects (fever, rash and rash) due to imprecision in measurement of these events. This means that we are not sure that the true effect is close to that estimated in this work.
We included eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 846 participants. Four of these RCTs compared PIP with a control group (i.e. a group that did not receive PIP) and compared it with other treatments (e.g. another PIP, video-interaction guidance, psychosocial training, counselling, or psychodynamic therapy). Two of these included a group who were not in the PIP group, and in one study, the control group was added to the group receiving PIP in addition to an alternative treatment group. Samples included women with postpartum (postpartum depression) or anxious or insecure attachment, women who had been abused as a child, children who were physically or emotionally abused, and those who were in prison. We found that PIP was no more or less effective than control in reducing the risk of parental depression, improving the number of infants with a secure, disorganised, or avoidant attachment style at post-intervention, and increasing the proportion of infants who were able to move from a secure to a stable, secure, or stable attachment. There were no differences between PIP and control in any of the other outcomes. None of the remaining meta-analyses of PIP versus control showed differences in effect or any adverse changes. We used the Grades of Recommendation, Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) approach to rate the quality of the evidence. For all comparisons, we rated the evidence as low or very low. This means that we are uncertain about the accuracy of the results and that further research is likely to have an effect on our estimates.
We found one new study in this update of the review. In total, we found 11 trials (with 753 adult and neonatal participants). The low-grade quality of evidence showed that there was no difference in Apgar scores at one minute and at five minutes. None of the 11 randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled and quasi-randomised (RCTs) trials assessed the effect of giving oxygen to women in labour during elective caesarean section. The very low-quality of evidence shows that in comparison to room air, mothers in labour who received oxygen had higher levels of oxygen in the blood, maternal PaO2, UaPO2 and UvPO2 (foetal umbilical arterial blood) as assessed by Apgar score. There was high risk of bias in the RCTs. A subgroup analysis showed no differences between the two intervention groups in low-risk and high-risk groups, but in high- risk groups there was a benefit for the neonatal oxygen group.
We included twelve studies with a total of 2196 participants in this update of our 2006 Cochrane review. Six studies in four of these studies reported on the percentage of pills taken. We found that the use of a reminder box increased the number of pills patients took by 11% (range 6% to 17%). However, differences in the type of reminder box and how well it worked were found in the trials. We also found that reminder packs reduced blood pressure measurements (measured by systolic and diastolic blood pressure) by an average of 5.89 mmHg and reduced the amount of iron in the blood by 0.72 mg/L (range 0.83 to 0.60 mg/dL). We did not find any effect of reminder packs on self-reported adherence to pills, and no effect was seen on blood pressure or on changes in blood sugar levels. No data were available for meta-analysis of other outcomes, such as serum vitamin C and E levels, and self-reports of psychological symptoms. In one study the presence of a reminding box aid was found to be preferred by patients with low literacy levels. Reminder packs are easy to use and may be a simple way to help patients take their pills on time. More research is needed to find out how often and how often these devices should be used and for how long.
We found 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing 11 drugs (methylprednisolone, multivitamin antioxidants, amrinone, prostaglandin E1, pentoxifylline, mannitol, trimetazidine, dextrose, allopurinol, and OKY 046 (a thromboxane A2 synthetase inhibitor)). All trials had high risk of bias (i.e. play of chance). There were no differences between the groups in the number of deaths, liver failure, or perioperative morbidity. Trimetazidine reduced the risk of ischaemia reperfusion injury and the length of time spent in hospital. However, there is a high chance of type I and type II errors because of the few trials included, the small sample size in each trial, and the high risks of bias. The use of these drugs should be restricted to well-designed RCTs.
We found 61 randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, cross-over studies (RCTs; a type of study in which participants are assigned to one of two or more treatment groups by a method similar to the toss of a coin) involving 13,327 adults with a range of types of cancer of which at least 4499 had a kidney function test. The age of participants ranged from 18 to 80 years old, and the average age of patients was over 70 years. Most of the participants had a type 2 or 3 type 2 cancer of the kidney, and at least one type 1 or 2 of type 2 and one type 2 type 1 cancer, with a mean age of over 80 years. The number of participants in the RCTs ranged from 0% to 84% and ranged from 3.5% to 82% of participants. The risk of kidney damage ranged from 2.4% to 32%. Of these 52 studies, 36 studied a decreased glomerular filtral size (GFR), which included at least 432 CCS, and found that it was found in 73.7% of patients. One of the studies found that cisplatin, a drug used to treat cancer, was a risk factor for this. The other drugs were carboplatin and (high-dose) ifosfamide, both of which are used for the treatment of cancer in CCS. In addition, two other drugs, aminoglycosides and vancomycin, were also found to increase the risk of a decreased GFR. In one study, a long-term follow-up period was found to be linked to an increased risk of the GFR, but other risk factors were not included in this analysis. Risk factors reported by one of the included older age at the time of cancer screening, abdominal radiotherapy and TBI. A non-study found that a higher body mass index was linked to a greater risk of high blood pressure. Other treatment-related risk factors included surgery to the tumour site (nephrectomy) and abdominal surgery (radiation to the abdomen), but studies were inconsistent. The quality of evidence ranged from very low to high. Risk of bias was reported in all studies. This may be due to differences in the type of cancer, type of surgery, number of people in the included in the studies, the results of the study and the length of time participants were followed up.
We searched for clinical trials on the use of phytomedicines to treat painful crises in people with sickle cell disease. We found that Niprisan® (also known as Nicosan®) and Cajanus cajan (Ciklavit®) may have a benefit in reducing episodes of painful crises. The results of the one included in the review suggest that the drug may reduce episodes of severe painful crises over a six-month follow-up period. It did not affect the risk of complications or the level of anaemia. No serious side-effects were reported. No conclusions can be made about the effect of Ciklavits®. More trials are needed to assess the safety and effectiveness of these drugs.
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1999 adults with HL and a negative PET scan. All three RCTs compared standard treatment (chemotherapy plus a PET scan) with PET-adapted (where the PET scan is used to assess the amount of tumour that has been cleared from the body) only in those with HL who did not have a positive PET scan and who also had a favourable or unfavourable prognosis. It is still not clear whether PET-based therapy (where PET scans are used to determine whether the tumour is still in the brain and not in the lungs) is better or worse in people with HL whose PET scan shows no signs of cancer. We found that PFS (time from the time of PET scan to death) was shorter in the group of patients who received PET-treatment only than in those who had a PET-treatments plus a standard therapy. This was found in both short- and long-term AEs, but no data were available for the short-term effects. We judged the overall risk of bias of the trials to be moderate. One of the studies reported no deaths. The other two included trials did not provide information on blinding, so we were not able to assess whether participants were aware of which group they were in. The third trial did not report blinding, but it is likely that it was not done in a way that would have prevented them from being aware of the treatment group. We rated the quality of the evidence as very low for all outcomes, as there was a high risk of systematic error (ie, there was potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way that the study was done) and there was no blinding in one of the three trials. More trials with longer follow ups may lead to more precise results for adverse events, response rate, TRM, quality of life and QoL.
We found 31 randomised, double-blind, quasi-randomized, and quasi-experimental (RCTs) trials that compared the same types of birth-control pills, injectables, vaginal rings, and implants. None included a placebo. Twenty-one of the 31 trials looked at the use of combined oral contraceptives (COCs), and others looked at different types of COCs, progestin-only pills, injections, a vaginal ring, and an implant. Twelve studies looked at desogestrel- and levonorgestrel (estradiol)-based hormonal contraceptives, and the few differences were inconsistent. Where data could not be combined, single studies showed lower mean fasting glucose and higher means for two-hour glucose response and insulin area under the curve (AUC) and mean change in AUC. A meta-analysis of two studies showed a higher mean fasting blood glucose and AUC in the group that had a COC with desogstrel compared with the group with a levonegestrel COC. Three of the trials used the etonogestr vaginal ring and one used an etonodialysis implant. One trial showed the ring group had lower mean AUC insulin than the levonorrhage group. Of eight trials of norethisterone preparations, five looked at COC preparations and three looked at injectables. The injectable group had a greater change in glucose response than the COC group. In one injectable study, a group using a depot medroxyprogesterone acetate had a higher means than the group using an injectable. One showed the nomegestrel acetate plus 17β-estriol group had less change in the AUC and a greater improvement in glucose and blood sugar two hours after the end of treatment. Among five recent trials, one looked at a new type of hormonal birth-birth-control pill with different estrogen types. With a dienogest COC, the group in the longer-use group had greater changes in blood sugar. In a group that used an extended-use pill, the women in the shorter-dose group had more change in blood glucose, but the obese and the normal weight group did not differ. We still do not know very much about women at risk for metabolic problems due to being overweight. More than half of the studies had a high risk of bias, and many had small numbers of participants. Many of the trialists did not use standard methods, and some had large losses. No new trials were included in 2014.
We included 10 RCTs with a total of 579 adults (aged 18 years and over) with symptomatic hip OA. Nine of the 10 trials (549 adults) included in the review showed that exercise reduced pain by an average of 0.38 points on a 0- to 100-point scale (0 was no pain or loss of pain or function) immediately after treatment. Pain was reduced by 8 points (range 4 to 11 points) and by 7 points at least three to six months after the end of treatment in the control group and by 0 points in the exercise group. Only three trials (183 adults) showed improvement in quality of life, with no benefit of exercise demonstrated. Moderate-quality evidence from seven trials (715 adults) indicated that there was an increase in the number of people who dropped out of the exercise groups compared with the control groups, but this difference was not significant. Of the five trials (129 adults) that looked at adverse events, each study only reported one or two events and all were related to increased pain due to the exercise programme. Overall, the results of these 10 trials showed that land-based therapeutic exercise programmes can reduce pain and improve physical function in the short-term and long-term in people with hip pain and function.
We included nine studies with a total of 260 people with MS. Six of the trials looked at the effects of exercise therapy compared to no exercise therapy, whereas three studies looked at exercises that both met our criteria for exercise therapy. The results of the review showed strong evidence in favour of the use of exercises in terms of muscle strength, strength of the muscles used for exercising, and exercise tolerance, as well as in improving mood. There was no evidence of improvement in mood, fatigue or perception of handicap with exercise. No evidence was found that one type of exercise treatment was better than any other. No adverse events were found in any of the studies. There is an urgent need for more research in this area. There should be a consensus on a core set of outcome measures to be used in the design and conduct of such trials. In addition, these studies should experimentally control for 'dose' of treatment, type of MS and should include sufficient contrast between the treatment groups.
We found only one high-risk-risk trial (75 people with a mean age of 43 years old; females: 65% of participants) that compared early laparoscopic cholecystectomy (less than 24 hours after the diagnosis of biliary colic) with delayed laparoscopy (four months after diagnosis) for people who had planned to have an elective laparopoietic operation. There were no deaths in the early group (0/35) (0%) compared with 1/40 (2.5%) in the delay-delayed group (P > 0.9999). There was no bile duct injury in either group. Serious adverse events occurred in 28 out of the 68 people in the two groups (28 in the earlier group and 40 in the delayed group) within 24 hours of the surgery. All of these were in the later group. The other outcomes were not reported in this trial. There was a reduction in the risk of death in both groups (0% in early group and 2% in the long-term risk group) and in the proportion of people who needed surgery to open the gallbladder (9% in later group and 22% in delayed group). The length of time spent in the hospital was 1.25 days shorter in the short-term group than in the longer-term one (MD -2.05 to -0.45) and the number of days in hospital was 14.80 minutes longer in the late-stage group than the early-stage one. The time taken for the surgery to be done was 14 hours shorter than the time it took for the operation to be carried out in the group that had an open operation. The trial did not report quality of life or the time that it took to get back to work. The risk of bias in the trial was high, which means that there is potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way that the study was run and performed.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of long-term (more than six weeks) or short-term antibiotics to reduce the risk of SSI in people undergoing orthognathic surgery. We found 11 RCTs that met our requirements for inclusion in this review. Seven of these trials provided evidence for the main comparison and the main outcome and these were pooled. The risk of developing SSI was reduced by 76% to a 0.26% in the long term (472 people) and by 0.42 in the short term (220 people) with long term antibiotic prophylactics compared with a one-time dose of short term antibiotics. We are not sure whether short term or long term antibiotics are more or less safe for people with SSI. None of the trials looked at other types of surgery, and we were not able to draw conclusions about which was the best type of surgery. The quality of evidence was rated as low or very low for most of our outcomes. Most of the studies had an unclear risk of bias and some had a high risk of systematic errors (ie, play of chance).
We found only one randomised controlled trial (involving 40 newborns and 42 women) comparing elective preterm birth at 36 weeks' gestation for babies with gastroschisis compared with spontaneous birth. The trial was too small and under-sized to show whether there were any differences between the groups in terms of the number of babies that survived to be discharged from the neonatal ward or who died. There were no differences in birthweight, ventilator needs, necrotising stomach ulcers and the need for repeat surgery for the condition. None of our other pre-planned outcomes, such as gestational age at birth or caesarean birth, were reported in the study. It is not possible to say whether the intervention is beneficial or harmful for these babies or their mothers. Further research is needed in this area.
We found three small, short-term studies in adults, lasting up to one week. All used paracetamol as an add-on to treatment with strong painkillers (morphine-based painkillers, such as codeine or codeine). Other drugs used to treat pain were non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), tricyclic antidepressant drugs (TADs), and neuroleptics (drugs that reduce sleepiness and sleepiness). We found no studies in children. We did not find any studies in people with other types of cancer, and we could not draw any conclusion from the three-step WHO cancer pain ladder. There was no high-quality evidence to support or refute the use of par acetamol alone or in combination with other painkillers for the first stage of treatment for people with cancer who have had a cancer that has spread to other parts of the body. It is not clear whether any more painkillers are needed. The quality of evidence was very low for all of our outcomes, mainly due to problems with the design of the studies and the small size of many of them.
This is an update of a Cochrane review that was first published in 2004. A new search was run in 2008 and the search is now up to date as of February 2013. Fifteen randomised controlled trials were found, 14 of which were from China, 14 from the USA and 14 from other countries. The drugs used were antimuscarinics (astemizole, diphenhydramine, propantheline, doxepin, oryzanol and astemizole) and the Chinese medicine suo quo wan (spicebush root, Chinese yam and bitter cardamom). Most of these drugs have been used for many years and are well known to Chinese medicine practitioners. There is not yet a large enough amount of good quality, well-designed, randomised trials to be able to draw conclusions about the effectiveness and safety of any of the drugs used.
We included six RCTs, with a total of 195 adults and adults with MS. We pooled and analysed data from 5 trials (N=137) for both inspiratory and expiratory muscle training, using a fixed-effect model for all but one of the outcomes. We found that when people with MS with MS had a RCT with a threshold device, they did not have more or less pressure on the top of the lungs when they breathed out than they did when they had a sham (sham) intervention (e.g. no active control) and there was no difference in the amount of pressure that they could breathe out when they did this. However, there was a benefit on the number of times that they had to breathe out, which was 20.92 cmH2O, which is more than three times more than for those with MS who did not breathe out at all. We did not find any effect on quality of life, but we could not be sure that this was the case. It was not possible to assess adverse events in any of the trials. The quality of evidence was low for all outcomes because of limitations in the design of the studies as well as imprecision of the results.
We found one randomised controlled trial (RCT) comparing the use of betamethasone (1.5 mg/day) with no medication to treat ITP in the neonatal and neonatal blood. This RCT included 38 women (41 pregnancies) but only 26 women (28 pregnancies) were included in the RCT. The RCT found that there was no difference in the risk of neonatal thrombocytopenia (blood clots in the blood) or neonatal bleeding when compared to no medication. Maternal death, perinatal deaths, postpartum haemorrhage and newborn blood loss were not assessed by this trial. There is currently not enough evidence to support the routine use of the anticoagulant drug betametasone in the treatment of ITP during pregnancy. This Cochrane review does not provide evidence about other treatments for ITP. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2015.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing DALK with any other type of surgery in adults (≥ 18 years of age) with any type of keratoconus. We found two RCTs with a total of 111 participants (n = 30 and n = 81), both from Iran, that met our criteria. Participants had moderate to severe keratopoiesis (scarring of the cornea) when they had their corneal stoma (stoma) sutured. They were randomised to have either DALK or penetrating keratoplasty. Only one eye of each participant was treated as part of the trials. For the smaller study, four DALK surgeries had to be abandoned due to failure and results were not measured in these participants. Follow-up length for the remaining 77 participants ranged from 6.8 to 36.4 months, with all 77 followed for at least three months after the suture was removed. The results from the larger study were not reported. A single case of graft failure in a DALK group of the study was reported. No post-graft graft failures were found in either group. The number of graft failures in both groups was the same in both types of surgery. The majority of these grafts were treated with corticosteroids. Other adverse events, of varying severity, were reported in both intervention groups with similar frequency. These included postoperative astigmatism, steroid-induced ocular hypertension (high blood pressure in the eye) and persistent epithelial defects. In recipients of DALK, one patient had a proliferation of blood vessels and one had wrinkling of Descemet's membrane, which is a thin membrane separating the stroma (corneal cells) from the corneals. In the penetrating group, one person had graft resuturing and one patient developed an atonic pupil, a condition in which the pupil does not dilate and is non-reactive. The quality of the evidence was rated as very low to moderate. This was due to problems with the design of both of the studies and a lack of precision in the results.
We included 67 trials (from 76 reports) in this review, with a total of 8506 women. The number of women included in analyses varied greatly, with the largest number of participants (6861 women) included in the largest study (6861 women) and the mean haemoglobin concentration (iron levels in the blood) the largest outcome (51% of the total) (high quality of evidence). We found that iron was better than no iron in reducing the risk of anaemia and iron deficiency at the end of treatment. Women were less likely to be anaemic compared to those who did not take iron (10 studies, 3273 women; high quality of the evidence) and had a greater amount of iron in their blood (51 studies, 6861 participants, high-quality of the results) and a lower risk of iron deficiency (7 studies, 1088 participants, low- to very low-risk of bias) than those who took no iron. Only one study (55 women) assessed iron-deficiency anaemia, and no trials assessed death from any cause. Women who took iron were more likely to have loose stools/diarrhoea, hard stools or constipation, and abdominal pain. We did not find any evidence of an increased risk of nausea in those taking iron. We could not draw conclusions about whether iron improves cognitive function in women, as studies could not be pooled, or whether iron was more or less well-treatable, as results varied across studies. We found no differences between groups in how well women took iron or not in terms of adherence (how often they put their iron in, how often they took it, how long they used it, and how much they changed their iron routine). We also found that women who received iron had better quality of life and were more satisfied with their life and health, and had less pain and tiredness. However, these benefits come at the expense of more side effects, mainly of the gut, which may be caused by iron.
We included five studies with a total of 1,726 patients in this review. The top-up search has not yet been carried out and so the results of this review have not been incorporated in this update. The review found that there was no reduction in all-cause death in the combination of irinotecan and fluoropyrimidine treatment. The risk of dying from any cause was 0.91 (range 0.7% to 0.99%), but this result may have been driven by findings from the single first-line study in which this treatment was used as the first line of treatment. There were higher risks of adverse events such as diarrhoea and grade 1 or 2 alopecia, and a lower risk of grade 3 or 4 neutropenia in patients in the control group compared to those in the treatment group. Evidence for adverse events has been assessed to be of low to very low quality. There was no overall survival benefit of the combination treatment over the same treatment alone, thus both regimens remain reasonable options in treating patients with advanced or metastatic colorectal cancer.
We found that a transverse or oblique incision has less impact on pulmonary function and less risk of wound rupture (wound dehiscence/incisional hernia) in the first few days after surgery. There was no difference seen in other early or late post-surgery complications and recovery times were similar although the transverse incision may be cosmetically more acceptable. Pain is less clear and should be interpreted with caution but some data suggests a transvertebral incision is less painful. The use of analgesics (painkillers) may be reduced with a transversal incision but this does not seem to be important in the short term as there were the same complication rates and the length of time it took for the wound to heal was the same.
We included nine RCTs (981 participants) in this review. Five studies were from Europe and four were from North America. The mean age of participants ranged from 32.0 to 43.7 years. All of the participants had subacute low-back pain of less than 30 days' duration. People who received MBR had less pain and were more likely to return to work at 12-month follow-up compared to those who did not receive MBR. However, when we compared MBR to other types of treatment (i.e. brief intervention with features from a light program and a graded activity program, to a brief program to help people with low back pain to get back to the way they feel, to exercise, and to help them become more active), we found no difference between the groups in terms of pain, disability, or time away from work. The risk of return-to-work was not reported in any of the studies. Although we looked for adverse events in both comparisons, none of the included studies reported this outcome. Overall, we found that, on average, participants who had MBR will do better than if they had usual care, but it is not clear whether they do any more or less well than those who had some other type of treatment. The effect sizes for pain and disability were of low to very low quality, whereas effects for work-related outcomes were in the moderate range.
We included 18 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 4843 men with prostate cancer that had spread to the bones of the bone compared the use of bisphosphonates to a non-steroidal anti-chemoradialysis (NSAIDs) or no treatment in men with bone metastasis from prostate cancer. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2018. Bisphosporin A is a drug that is used to treat prostate cancer and has been used for more than 30 years in the treatment of prostate cancer metastatic to the bone. We found that there may be no difference in the proportion of men with pain in the number of men who had pain in their bones when they received bisphotonate treatment compared to a no-steroid or no-serotonate drug treatment. However, we found that men who took bisphotons had about 40% less pain than men who did not take bisphonates (19 more men per 1000 men, 19 fewer to 114 more) and had about 19% less risk of death (16 fewer to 21 more men, 47 fewer to 47 more men). We were not able to determine whether there was a difference in quality of life between the groups because the methods used to measure this were not consistent across trials. We also found that Bisphosphotons reduced the risk of bone metastases (skeletal-related events) and disease progression (the time to the next stage of the cancer that has spread from the bone to the blood stream) in prostate cancer patients with metastasis to bone, but this benefit needs to be weighed against the increased risk of renal side-effects (side-effects that can lead to death or to the kidneys). We found no clear differences in the amount of analgesic (painkiller) that men took between the two groups. We did not find that there was any difference between groups in terms of number of participants with osteonecrosis of the jaw (scarring in the jaw caused by the cancer spreading from the bones to the inside of the cheek and jaw) or in the percentage of men taking analgesics (painkillers that are used to relieve pain). Bisphotonates are a safe and well-treatable drug that can be used for men with metastatic prostate cancer, but their use should be weighed in the context of other risks, such as side effects of the drug (e.g. high blood pressure, high blood sodium levels in the blood, low blood sugar, low calcium levels in urine, and kidney problems). The quality of evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. This means that we are uncertain about the accuracy of the results.
We included five RCTs with a total of 1093 patients in this review. Four of the trials were in patients with relapsed FL and one trial in patients who had relapsed in FL. All five trials compared HDT + ASCT with chemotherapy or immuno-chemotherapy. We found that patients who received HDT plus ASCT had a greater time to death from any cause than those who did not receive this treatment. We did not find that this benefit translated into an improvement in overall survival (OS) or in the risk of developing a new tumour. There was no difference between the two groups in terms of adverse events or secondary cancers, but there was an advantage for patients who were given rituximab (an antiretroviral drug) to both treatment arms (one of the included trials) and the trial had to be stopped early due to this effect. In the other four trials there were no differences between the treatment group and the group that did not have a stem cell transplantation and the control group. For relapsed patients, there was some evidence of a strong time-to-death (PFS) and time to OS advantage for those who were treated with HDT and ASCT, but not for those that were not. These effects were only found in one trial (70 patients) and no effects were found in the other three trials. Adverse events were rarely reported and were found more often in the HDT group. The quality of the five trials is judged to be moderate. All trials were randomised, which means that patients and their carers do not know which group they are in and this can lead to bias.
We found 15 randomised trials (1437 participants) comparing WDD with antipsychotics and other treatments for schizophrenia. Data showed that WDD improved the short-term quality of life of participants when compared to placebo or no treatment. When WDD was compared with other antipsychotic drugs, such as chlorpromazine or risperidone, there was no effect on the short term effects of WDD on people's mental health. However, there were fewer people with extrapyramidal effects (EPS) when compared with these other drugs. WDD is often used as an add-on (add-on treatment) to an antipsychotropic drug and caused fewer side-effects than other treatments. There was no evidence that weight gain occurred more often with WDD than with other drugs, but WDD caused more side-side-effects. The quality of evidence was low or very low for most of the outcomes. There is a need for more research in this area.
We included 12 RCTs (RCTs) with 799 people with root resorption aged 18 years or over. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2018. The review assessed six comparisons: 1. Multistrand and thermoelastic NiTi wire versus superelastic wire. There were five studies in this group and it was appropriate to analyse two of them. There is not enough evidence from these studies to determine whether there is a difference in rate of alignment (measured on a scale of 0 to 100 mm per month) or pain at day 1 between the two types of wires. There may be no difference in pain at the first day after treatment. 2. Conventional NiTi with or with no wires made of a single-strand versus a multistrand wire made of two or three strands. There was not enough information from these trials to show whether there was any difference in alignment or pain between the types of wire used. 3. Convenience wire versus conventional wire (with or without wires made from a single strand). There were three small, low- to very low-quality trials in this comparison, and we were not able to draw any conclusion. 4. Conformal NiTi and thermogenic NiTi wires versus each other in terms of alignment and pain. Again, there was not sufficient evidence to draw a conclusion. 5. Single- strand versus coaxial wire. We found only one study in this review, but it showed that one type of wire can result in greater tooth movement over 12 weeks than the other. 6. Superelian NiTi versus thermogenous NiTi. We did not find any evidence that any particular wire was better than any other. None of the included in the review reported on the side-effects of the interventions. Overall, the quality of evidence was low or very low for all comparisons. This was due to issues with the design of some of the studies and imprecision in the results.
We searched for evidence in July 2017 and found just one study of 306 people with a mean age of 86 years. The study was from France and compared de-escalation techniques with usual care in 16 nursing homes. It did not measure any of our main outcomes but did use scales to measure changes in behaviour. We found that people who received de-calibre treatment had a greater change in some aspects of their behaviour than those who did not, but not all. There was no change in other aspects of behaviour, such as anger or aggression. We also found that there were no differences between the groups in the neuropsychiatric and observation scales. We rated the quality of this evidence as very low due to high risk of bias and indirectness of the results. There is a need for high-quality research on the effectiveness of de-altered behaviour in older people with dementia.
We included 13 trials with a total of 1316 adults. Eleven trials had a small sample size and short duration of follow-up (three months or less). Participants were incontinent for urine, for stool, or both, and were residents in a nursing home or were in hospital. Nine of the trials compared different topical skin care products, including a combination of products. Two trials tested a structured skin care procedure. One trial looked at the use of a skin cleanser, and found that it might be more effective than soap and water. One of the other trials looked at frequency of application of the skin care product and found a washcloth with moisturising, cleansing, and skin protectant properties to be more beneficial than soap. The other three trials, all of low to very low risk of bias, found that applying a leave-on product (moisturiser, skin protectionant, or a combination) and avoiding soap seems to be better than withholding these products. No study looked at adverse events or the number of participants who were not satisfied with the treatment. We found very low to moderate-risk of bias in all trials. There is a need for more high-quality research to determine the best way to prevent and treat IAD in adults. The evidence in this review is up to 28 September 2016.
We included a total of 333 participants in our review. Participants' ages ranged from two years to young adults. The antiviral drugs used in the trials were acyclovir, valomaciclovir and valacycloviral agents. The type of antiviral, the route taken by the antiviral drug, and the length of time that the drug was used all varied between the trials. Follow-up ranged from 20 days to six months after the end of the trial. The diagnosis of IM was based on symptoms and a range of tests. The risk of bias for all studies was either unclear or high and so the results should be viewed with some caution. There were improvements in the treatment group for one or more of the 12 outcomes, but these improvements may be of very low quality and may not be of any effect in patients with IM. There was a mean reduction in the time from the onset of IM of five days in favour of the intervention group, but it may take one month or more for symptoms to resolve and fatigue may persist in about 10% of patients at six-month follow-up. The duration of lymphadenopathy was reduced from nine days to nine days with the use of antiretroviral drugs. In terms of viral shedding, the overall effect from six studies was that viral shedding was suppressed while on antiviral treatment, but this effect was not sustained when treatment stopped. For all other outcomes there was no difference between antiviral treatments and control groups. The quality of the evidence is very low and so further research in this area is needed.
We found four trials with a total of 2250 adults randomised to treatment with insulin detemir or insulin glargine for 24 to 52 weeks. All four trials were at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions due to the way in which the trial was run and the way that the results were analysed). The results showed that there was no difference in overall, nocturnal and severe hypoglycaemia (low blood sugar) between the treatment groups. There was no clear advantage of one drug over the other in terms of control of blood sugar levels. Insulin glagine was dosed once-a-day in the evening. In three of the four trials, the first dose of the drug was given once-daily with the option of an extra dose in the morning in three of these trials and the second dose was given twice-daily in one of them. Of the 13.6% to 57.2% of participants in the first trial, 13% were still injecting the drug twice-day at the end of the trial. Treatment with the drug injected once-per-day was associated with less weight gain but with a greater risk of adverse events (injections site reactions) and a higher dose of daily basal insulin dose. It was not possible to draw conclusions on quality of life, costs or death from any cause.
We found six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared SNS with no SNS in people with severe fibroids. Six RCTs assessed the effects of SNS for people with a severe fibroid. SNS was compared with other types of stimulation, such as percutaneous tibial nerve stimulation (PTNS) or sham SNS, in a group of people who did not have SNS and in a control group that did not receive SNS. Results showed that SNS reduced episodes of faecal incontinence in the SNS group compared to the control group who received no treatment (mean difference (MD) 5.20, 95% CI −9.15 to −1.25 at 3 months; MD −6.30 to −10.34 at 12 months). Adverse events were reported in a proportion of participants: pain at implant site (6%), seroma (2%) and excessive tingling in the vaginal region (9%). In the parallel group RCT carried out by Thin, 15 participants with a more severe form of fibroid had SNS compared with the PTNS group at three months (MD 3.00, 97% CI 6.61 to 0.61; MD 8.4 to 8.7) (range 1.7 to 11.7 episodes per week) (SD 1.0 to 1.9 episodes per episode per week). Side effects were noted in three participants: mild ipsilateral leg pain (n = 1); and stimulator-site pain (pain at the site where the stimulator was placed) after insertion of the device. In the crossover trial by Leroi, 7 of 34 recruited participants were excluded from the crossover due mainly to problems with the device or immediate device failure. Twenty-four of the remaining 27 participants while still blinded chose the time of stimulation they had preferred. Outcomes were reported separately for 19 patients who preferred the 'on' and five patients who liked the 'off' time period. For the group of 19, the median (range) episodes of incontinentity per week fell from 1.8 (0 to 9) per week during the off time (on) time (SD 0 to 5) compared with 0.7 per week in the on time period; for the group, the number of episodes of infecation per week did not vary between the off and on time periods (SD 8 to 11 per week, SD 1 to 11). Side-effects were not reported in the RCT by Sørensen and colleagues. Participants did not experience any episodes of FI in either the one-week ‘on’ or ‘off’ time periods in either group in the trial by Vaizey, and in the crossover study by Kahlke, there were an average of six, and one, episodes of fainting per week per week and two episodes of diarrhoea per week respectively in participants with FI. No side-effects occurred in the study by Dinning. In contrast, SNS did not improve frequency of bowel movements and 73 side effects were reported, which included pain at site of the implanted pulse generator (32), wound wound (1) and haematoma (3) and pain at stimulator site (1). In the Kenefick trial, the only side effects reported were mild leg pain and abdominal pain and bloating, which occurred 79% and 33% of the time, respectively, during and after the stimulation time. No adverse events were seen in the two groups of patients in the other two trials.
This review found that molar tubes cemented with either a chemical (such as glass ionomer or a light-cured adhesive) or a non-cryogenic (non-cryogenic) cement (molar bands) are more likely to fail than molar bands. There was also a greater risk of decalcation (decalcion) with molar tubs that were bonded with a chemical than with those that were not. No other adverse events were found.
We identified 66 articles (published between 1988 and 2012) that were eligible for this review. We included 7747 patients with gastric cancer who were diagnosed with EUS. The evidence is up-to-date as of December 2013. We found that the accuracy of EUS might be considered useful to guide physicians in the staging of people with stomach cancer based on the stage of the tumour that has spread to the gut (gastric wall) and the lymph nodes (lungs) and not on the surface of the stomach (e.g. gastric wall or lymph nodes). However, the quality of the studies was good, but some were at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to miss the true effect of the EUS test in some of the cases). For example, only five out of the 66 studies had a low risk of systematic error (ie, there was no bias in the way the test was performed) and only one study had a high chance of bias for each of the three stages of the disease (stage 1A, T1, T2, and T4) of gastric carcinoma. In addition, we found that EUS may not be as good as it could be for the diagnosis of tumours that have spread to other parts of the body, such as the stomach wall and lymph nodes, and should be used with care in patients who have not progressed to stage 2 or 3 of the same type of tumour. Moreover, we must be warned that it is less accurate in the case of patients with tumour spread to lymph nodes.
We found six randomised trials with a total of 492 adults (aged 18 years and above) undergoing day-surgery versus overnight stay surgery for gallstones in laparoscopic cholecystectomy. The number of participants in each trial ranged from 28 to 150. The average age of participants ranged from 40 to 47 years. Only one trial reported short-term deaths in both the day- and overnight-stay surgery groups. However, the trial stated that there were no deaths in either of the groups. Long-term death was not reported in any of the trials. There was no difference in the rate of serious adverse events between the two groups (4 trials; 391 participants; 7/191 (1.6%) and 1/200 (0.5%) in the evening surgery group; rate ratio 3.5% in the day surgery group and 2.1% in overnight surgery group). Quality of life was not improved in either group (4 studies; 333 participants; 0.11 points on a 0 to 0.25 point range) nor was the number of people who were readmitted to hospital (5 trials; 464 patients; 6/225 (2.1%) and 5/154 (3.2%) in both groups) nor in the proportion of patients who failed to be discharged from hospital as planned (3 trials; 290 patients; 5/136; 3.2%), nor in hospital readmission rate (5 studies; 419 patients; 19.3% and 20.1%, both in the night and day surgery groups). Pain was not increased in either the day or night surgery group (3 studies; 175 and 217 patients, 0.02 points, 1.02 cm on a 1 to 2.0 points range) and there was no improvement in the time to return to activity or earlier return to work. For all outcomes except pain, the amount of information was far less than the amount required to exclude random errors (ie, play of chance) and risks of bias (play of chance). Therefore, day surgery appears to be as safe as overnight surgery for patients with gallstones. Day surgery does not seem to result in improvement in any patient-oriented outcomes such as return to a normal activity or in the length of time patients spent in hospital. The quality of evidence is weak due to risks of systematic errors (bias) and risk of play of the chance (random errors). More randomised studies are needed to assess the impact of day surgery laparoscopy on the quality of life as well as other outcomes of patients.
We included eight studies, involving 2488 adults and children, in this update of a Cochrane systematic review of the effects of high-concentration topical capsaicin for the treatment of postherpetic neuralgia, HIV-neuropathy, and painful diabetic neuropathy. Studies were of good quality, and we judged only one study to be at high risk of bias, due to its small size. Two studies used a 'placebo' (placebo is a substance that looks and tastes the same as the active treatment but does not have the same effects) control group. Six of the eight studies used 0.04% to 0.5% capsaicine, to keep participants unaware of whether they were in the active or placebo group. We found four studies (1272 children and adults) that used high-centre, high-potency capsaicins to treat pain following inguinal herniorrhaphy. About 10% more people in each group had pain reduction of at least 30% and at least 50% at 8 and 12 weeks, and about 10% at 12 weeks in both groups, with a range of 8% to 50% reduction in pain. For pain caused by HIV/AIDS, we found one study (801 people) that reported that about 27% in one group and 10% in the other had pain reduced by at least a third over a two- to 12-week period. For the other two types of chronic pain, there was no difference between high- and low-potent treatment. No deaths were judged to be related to the use of study drugs. Serious side-effects were not common, and no more people dropped out of the treatment groups than in either group (3% to 3.5%, ranging from 1% to 5%). We rated the quality of the evidence using four levels: very low, low, moderate, or high. Very low- or low-quality evidence means that we are very uncertain about the results. Moderate- or very low-grade results mean that we have very low or low confidence in the findings. We judged the evidence to be of moderate quality for pain reduction and very low quality for quality of life.
We included three trials with a total of 6343 adults who had had a stroke due to narrowing of the carotid artery. The risk of stroke was increased five years after surgery in people with less than 30% stenosis, but there was no difference in the risk in those with 30% to 49% stenotid stenosis. Surgery was of some benefit for those with 50% to 69% symptomatic stenosis (50% to 99% of the artery is blocked with blood flow to the brain), and was of benefit in those without near-occlusion (the point at which the artery does not close completely). There was no evidence of benefit for people with stenosis that was not close to the artery wall (neighbourhood). We rated the quality of evidence for surgery as moderate, and for endarterectomy as high.
We included 10 studies with a total of 864 adults with a diagnosis of rectal cancer, ulcerative colitis, familial adenomatous polyposis, or other in this review. All of the patients had a stoma placed in the frame of an operation for rectal cancers or colitis or other. The patients were followed up for at least six months after the end of the operation to see if the stoma had any effect on the risk of parastomal herniation, development of ileus or stenosis, or skin irritation. Only one randomised controlled trial (RCT; a type of study in which patients are assigned to one of two or more treatment groups by a method that is not based on a random method) met our criteria. The RCT did not measure other stoma-related morbidity or death from any cause, but did measure quality of life, which was not one of our outcomes of interest. The results of the RCT were inconclusive for the occurrence of hernation, and for the subgroup of analysis in which we compared the effect of an ileostomy with a colostomy on parastomies. The study did not measured other complications, or death due to the use of stomas. Non-randomized studies (NRS) We found 10 non-RCTs (a type of non-study in which participants are not assigned to treatment groups in a method in a way that does not reduce the chance of bias) with a number of participants that met our requirements for inclusion in the review. The review found that there is still a lack of high-quality evidence to show which is the best method of stoma formation. The quality of evidence was moderate, low, or very low, for all of the outcomes. This means that we are uncertain as to whether one method is better or worse than the other.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effectiveness and safety of the psychosocial treatment of people with schizophrenia. We found 24 RCTs, with 2126 people with a range of ages from 18 to 80 years of age, who had been in hospital for any type of mental illness. Most of the people in the studies had been there for at least six months. We did not find any difference in the number of people who were discharged from hospital, who were able to return home from hospital and who were satisfied with the care they received. However, we did find that there were differences in the rates of relapse, leaving the study early and quality of life, favouring other types of therapy. When we compared the results of supportive therapy with those of standard care, we found that there was no difference between the groups in terms of the rate of relapsing, admission to hospital and improvement in mental state. There were also no differences between groups in the numbers of patients who were happy with the way they were cared for. There was not enough information to draw any conclusions about the effects of other forms of therapy, such as counselling, when used as the main treatment arm. Overall, the quality of evidence was very low. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found 11 randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, and open-label (where participants did not know whether they were in the treatment group or the control group) trials, with a total of 949 people with cancer pain. Most participants had pain that was no worse than mild after one or more weeks of treatment, but a few had more severe pain after two weeks. We did not find any studies that looked at the use of NSAIDs alone or in combination with other drugs to treat cancer pain, so we do not know if NSAIDs are better or worse than other drugs for some types of cancer pain within one or two weeks of taking them. There were 22 deaths with NSAIDs, but these were not clearly related to any pain treatment. Common side effects were thirst/dry mouth (15%), loss of appetite (14%), somnolence (11%), and dyspepsia (11%). Withdrawals from the studies were common, mostly due to lack of effect (24%) or side effects (5%), but there were no deaths. We judged the quality of the evidence to be very low for all outcomes. Most studies were at high risk of bias, which means that participants and their carers may have been aware of the type of drug they were taking, and there were problems with the design of some studies that could have led to bias. There is no high-quality evidence to support or not to use NSAIDs for the three steps of the three-step WHO cancer pain ladder.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing any type of low-molecular-weight heparin with any other type of drug in the treatment of painful crises in adults with sickle cell disease. We found two RCTs with a total of 287 participants. One study (with an unclear to high risk of bias) compared tinzaparin with a fake drug (dalteparin) and compared this with placebo (fake drug). The study reported that people who were given the real drug had less pain at the end of day one and more pain at day three and at day four than those who were treated with the fake drug. This means that the pain was less at two and three days in favour of the people who took the drug. People who received the drug also had less time in hospital (4 days less) and there were no more episodes of bleeding in the group that took the medicine. The study did not report any side-effects. The other study (unclear risk of biased) included 34 participants and was a conference abstract with few data. It reported that after one day pain was reduced more in the daltepin group than in the placebo group, but did not have any side effects. The quality of evidence was very low for most of the outcomes. This was due to the small size of the study and imprecision (due to the low occurrence of events). Based on the results of one RCT, we are not able to draw conclusions about the use of these drugs as a first-line treatment for painful crises.
We did not find any randomised trials that compared anticoagulants with antiplatelet drugs in the treatment of this type of carotid artery dissection. There were also no randomised studies that looked at the use of antiplatelets in the same way as they were used in the control group. We found that there was no difference in the numbers of people who died or who had a stroke between the groups. There was a trend in favour of anticoageulants in terms of the risk of death or the occurrence of stroke, but the results were imprecise and thus there is no evidence to support their routine use.
We found 26 RCTs (2066 patients) comparing the use of silver-based dressings or dressings with non-silver dressings in patients with wounds of all types of wound. We grouped results according to wound type, and the type of dressing used. We found that there is not enough evidence to be able to conclude whether or not dressing with a dressing that contains silver improves wound healing or prevents wound infection. There is also not enough information to say whether dressing with silver sulphadiazine cream (SSD cream) or a silver-coated gauze (Acticoat®) is better than a non-sulphate dressing in treating wounds caused by infection.
We included 12 studies with a total of 3571 adults with VAP. All but one study reported sources of funding or the source of funding of the drugs used in the studies. All of the participants were adults and most were at high risk of multidrug-resistant bacteria. We did not find a difference in all-cause deaths (death from any cause), length of time spent in the ICU, or side-effects (adverse events) between people who were treated with carbapenems and those who were not. We found that people who received the same type of antigens (antibiotics) were more likely to be cured of VAP than those who received other types of drugs. We could not draw conclusions about which is the best type of drug to use for treating VAP due to lack of studies. We rated the quality of evidence for death, adverse events, and length of ICU stay to be moderate. We judged the evidence for clinical cure to be of very low quality. For our comparison of different types of antibiotics, we could not perform a meta-analysis due to a lack of trials comparing the same antibiotic regimens. However, there was an increase in the number of patients who were cured with tigecycline versus imipenem-cilastatin. This is the largest meta-analyse of the class of drugs used for the use of antibiotics to treat VAP and is of high quality.
We included 29 ITS analyses (12 were controlled and 12 were not controlled) of 11 drug groups in our review. We found that the impact of policies varied by drug class and whether they were implemented or not. When policies targeted gastric-acid suppressant and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug classes, people used fewer drugs and spent less on drugs for up to two years, with no increase in the use of other health services. However, people who used these drugs stopped taking them and used other health care services more than those who did not use them (6 studies). Targeting first-line antipsychotics (antipsychotics are drugs used to treat schizophrenia) decreased drug use and other health service use, but did not reduce overall drug costs (2 studies). Relaxing restrictions for reimbursement of antihypertensives and statins (drugs used to lower blood pressure) led to more use of these drugs than if the drugs had not been covered by the health care system (6 and 2 studies, both of which were of high risk of bias). There was no difference in the number of people who dropped out of treatment for any of the drugs (1 and 1/2-year follow-up) and there was no reduction in overall drug use (2 and 2/2 years). There were no clear effects on health outcomes.
We included 19 studies with a total of 4232 participants in this Cochrane Review. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2015. The included studies reported a wide variety of interventions, study populations, clinical outcomes and outcome measures. There was not enough high-quality evidence to be able to draw any conclusion about which method of OHA is the best for the maintenance of oral health. There is a need for more research to determine the best method of one-to one OHA for the care of people with gingivitis, plaque or tooth decay.
We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared oral steroids with placebo (injections of a substance that looks like the drug but does not act as a drug) or no treatment in a group of people with adhesive capsulitis. We found that oral steroids may be helpful in the short-term (i.e. for less than six weeks) but the effect may not be maintained after six weeks. One study showed that 48% more people in the oral steroid group reported that they were able to do their exercises, improved the range of movement of the shoulder and had a greater range of motion of the arm and leg. However, the benefit was not maintained after 6 weeks. A second trial showed no clear difference between the groups in pain or range of movements at six weeks but it may have happened earlier in the steroid group. A third trial showed that oral steroid provided a more rapid improvement in pain compared to no treatment but there was no difference by five months. There were no side-effects reported. The evidence is up to date as of March 2013.
We found three randomised trials with a total of 50 people with ALS. All three trials compared rTMS with sham TMS. All the trials were of poor quality and had a high rate of drop-out which made it more likely that their results would be imprecise. None of the trials provided any information on the ALS functional rating scale-revised (ALSFRS-R) scores at six months follow-up which was pre-assigned as our primary outcome. One of the three trials did, in fact, report results in a way that could be used in the analysis of our other outcomes. No difference was seen in the ALS Functional Rating Scale-Revised scores and manual muscle testing (MMT) scores in this trial. Additionally, none of the studies reported any side-effects. There is currently not enough evidence to draw any conclusions about the use of TMS in the treatment of ALS.
We found 10 studies with a total of 1049 people with BP. All were at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way the studies were done) and none had a 'placebo' group (a group that did not take part in the study but was not put into a treatment group but was treated as if it had been). Most of the people in the studies had BP that was not very bad, but some had more than one type of BP. In one trial, the addition of plasma exchange to prednisone was found to improve disease control at 1 month. In another trial, clobetasol showed more control than prednisolone at 6 months. There were no differences in healing in one trial. There was no difference in the number of people who died or had side-effects between the two groups in one of the other trials. There is not enough evidence to say which is the best treatment for BP. Very strong, long-term corticosteroids (prednisone) are safe and effective for people with moderate BP, but the use of these drugs in people with more severe BP may be limited by side-side-effects and practical factors.
Herbal medicines have been used to treat the symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome for many years. Herbal medicines are a type of medicine that has been used for centuries to treat symptoms of the condition. Herbs may have a role in the healing of the gut and are thought to be able to reduce the inflammation caused by the gut ulcers. The aim of this Cochrane review was to assess the effectiveness of herbal medicines in the treatment of people with this condition. Herb medicines were compared with placebo (a fake medicine) or with other medicines or with no medicine. The herbal medicines were then compared with each other or with either no medicine or other medicines. A total of 7957 patients were enrolled in 65 randomised trials, which tested 51 different herbal medicines. Some herbal medicines may be better than other medicines, and some herbal medicines are no better than conventional medicine. No serious adverse events from the herbal medicine treatments were reported. However, the quality of the trials was low, and the results should be viewed with caution due to the small size of some of the studies and the fact that many of the results were based on only a small number of patients. Some of the herbal medicines need to be assessed in high-quality trials.
We found 22 randomised, double-blind, quasi-randomized, and quasi-trials (RCTs) of LNG. The RCTs included a total of 12,400 participants from Europe, Asia, and the USA. The drugs and dose of levonorgestrel (LNG) 0.75 mg (11 studies), LNG in other doses (4 trials), and other hormonal drugs other than LNG (7 trials). Outcomes were pregnancy rates, stop-use rates, side effects, and acceptability. The studies showed that LNG used in the pericoital area was effective and safe. Most women liked the method in spite of irregularity in their periods. Other hormonal drugs appeared promising but most of them were not done very well. Menstrual and non-menstrual side effects were often mild and not recorded in most of the studies. However, the studies did not show that there was a link between the frequency of bleeding and the amount of pill taken. Rigorous research is still needed to confirm the efficacy and safety of pericoic LNG as a first-line method of birth control for women with infrequent sex. If the method is shown to be safe and safe, it could change the World Health Organization (WHO) guidelines for birth control use.
We included 15 studies with a total of 561 patients from five different countries. The age range of most of the patients was between 12 and 54 years of age, although in one study the age range was much wider (12 to 54 years). The distribution of males and females was similar in eight of the studies, with a greater number of women in seven studies. The studies were from Europe, India, China, South Korea and the USA. Ten studies with 407 randomised and 390 analysed patients compared surgical anchorage with conventional anchorage for the outcome of mesiodistal movement of the upper first molars. There was strong evidence of an effect of surgery on this outcome. Compared with other types of surgery, surgery was found to be more effective in the reinforcement of anchorage by 1.68 mm (95% confidence interval (CI) -2.27 mm to -1.09 mm). This result should be interpreted with some caution, as there was a high risk of bias in the results for this outcome and there was no evidence of a difference in the length of time taken for the teeth to heal after surgery (-0.15 years; 95% CI -0.37 years to 0.07 years) with low quality of evidence. We did not find any evidence that any one type of surgery was better than any other. Information on pain and other outcomes such as acceptable and pain-free use of the headgear was limited and inconclusive. None of the trials found any harms of surgery or of any other type of headgear.
We included 50 studies involving 45,285 adults with CKD who were not yet on dialysis. We found that the risk of bias was high in most of the studies. We were able to combine data from 38 studies (37,274 adults) from 47 studies (39,820 participants) that compared statins with placebo or no treatment and three studies (5547 adults) that included 5547 participants that compared different statin regimens in CKD patients not on a dialysis machine. Statins were found to reduce risk of death by 20% and risk of heart attack and stroke by 20%. The risk of dying from any cause was reduced by 10% in people who did not have CVD at the end of treatment and by 5% in those who had CVD but were not in the first stage of CKD at the start of the study. We are uncertain about the effects of statin treatment on risk of stroke, death, heart attack or stroke in people not on CKD and not in need of dialysis because they do not have CKD. Adverse events were reported in 32 studies (68%) and were assessed in 16 studies (34%). We are not sure whether or not there are any harms from the use of these drugs. We also found that there were few events that we could include in our analyses that had few events: high levels of a type of protein found in the blood (cerebral palsy), low blood lipids (lungs), liver damage (lack of liver function), and cancer. We do not know if any of these events were caused by the drugs in the way that we thought they might be. We did not find evidence that any of the drugs were more or less well-treatable than other drugs. The overall risk of harm from the drugs was low, but the number of events was too few to rule out harms.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) on the use of drugs to treat pain in children and adults with cystic fibroids. Nine RCTs with a total of 379 participants were included in this review. Participants had cerebral palsy (CP) in five of the studies and osteogenesis imperfecta (OI) in the other four. Participants across the trials ranged in age from 2 to 19 years. All of the OI trials used bisphosphonates (a type of drug used to treat osteoporosis) and no trials were found that looked at drugs used as painkillers in this patient group. Pain was assessed as a secondary outcome in five out of the eight studies. For the two ITB studies for pain in CP, in the same patient group but assessed at different time points in their disease, both found an effect on pain favouring the treatment group. At follow-up in both BoNT-A (Botulinum toxin A) trials there was no difference in pain between the two groups. The side effects in the ITB trials mostly involved those who had received the intervention drug and involved seizures. Gastrointestinal problems were the most frequent side effect in those who received alendronate. The one trial investigating pamidronate found no effect in pain compared to the control group. No adverse events were reported in this trial. Only one study involved over 100 participants. In this trial there were also eight serious side effects, which involved difficulty in swallowing and an epileptic seizure, but the trial did not state if these occurred in the intervention group.
We found that latrepirdine does not seem to have an effect on cognition or function in Alzheimer’s patients compared with placebo, though there is a small benefit on behaviour. We did not find any difference in the risk of dropouts due to adverse events or dropout due to side-effects from treatment. There was some low to very low quality evidence that there may be a very small effect on neuropsychiatric symptoms in Alzheimer's patients. We judged five trials to be at high risk of bias due to selective outcome reporting and three to have a high dropout rate due to attrition bias. There is a need for more high quality research in this area. This review is up-to-date as of March 2015.
We found that RIC may reduce the risk of having a stroke in people with ischaemic stroke and reduce the severity of stroke in those who have had a stroke due to narrowing of the artery that carries blood from the brain to the heart (known as carotid artery stenosis). We found that there was no difference between RIC and non-RIC in preventing a stroke, but there was a reduction in the number of strokes in the first year after RIC. The risk of stroke was 0.17 mL less in the RIC group and 0.24 mL in the non-RIC group. We did not find a clear difference in the effect of RIC treatment on the length of time that the stroke took place or severity of the stroke. Adverse events were more common in people treated with RIC, but no severe adverse events were found to be linked to RIC therapy. No one in the studies died or had a heart attack or stroke during the time that they were in the trials. We found no trials that looked at whether RIC was more or less likely to cause a stroke than non-IC. There was no trial that assessed if RIC had an effect on haemorrhagic stroke or improvement in neurological, phycological or brain function. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low or very low for all outcomes. The main reasons for this were imprecision (variation in results) and risk of bias.
We included six RCTs, with a total of 204 preterm infants. We found that adding protein to human milk increased short-term growth rates, length, and head growth, as well as the rate of growth of skin fold thickness, and serum albumin concentrations, compared with the unsupplemented group. We did not find any clear differences between the groups in terms of length, body mass index, body weight, or brain growth. However, we found no clear effect on the risk of feeding intolerance or necrotising gut ulcers. There was no information about the effects of protein supplementation on the length of time spent in hospital, risk of death from any cause, or on long-term weight gain, body fat, heart rate, and blood lipids. None of the studies looked at the impact of the use of protein in the first year of life. Our findings may not be generalisable to low-resource groups, as none of the included studies were done in these groups. Since protein supplementation of human milk is now usually done as a component of multi-nutrient fortifiers, we suggest that further research should be done to find out if adding more protein to preterm babies' milk has an impact on length of stay in the neonatal and neonatal hospital, and on risk of illness and death.
We found 45 studies that compared PEMs to no intervention or to other types of PEM. We found that when used alone and compared to no other PEM, PEM may have a benefit on professional practice outcomes. We could not comment on which PEM characteristics might have influenced their effectiveness. There was not enough information to assess the effect on the health of the patient, and it is not known whether the effect sizes are large or small. We re-analysed 54 outcomes from 25 ITS studies, which used time series regression, and found that the quality of the results was higher in the PEM groups than in the control groups. We did not find any difference in quality of life, employment, or health-care costs. However, there were too few studies to be able to draw conclusions about patient outcomes.
We found 23 RCTs, most of which were from the USA and were conducted in health-care clinics (e.g. in the USA) and schools. The majority of the interventions provided information about STIs and taught safer sex skills (eg. use of condoms) and taught safe sex skills, sometimes in the form of counselling and other services. They were heterogeneous in duration, contact time, provider, behavioural aims and outcomes. A variety of STIs were addressed, including HIV and chlamydia. None of the trials mentioned HPV (human papillomavirus) or the risk of cervical cancer. Behavioural interventions for young women which aim to help them change their behaviour in order to reduce risk of STI transmission can be effective, but there is a risk of bias due to lack of clear reporting. There were no effects on abstinence from or reduction of sex, nor were there any effects on risk of HIV or STIs. More long-term follow-up should be done to assess the impact on behaviour change, rates of HPV infection and risk of progression to the cervix.
We included 20 studies with a total of 2337 participants in this review. Nineteen of these studies compared brief psychoeducation with routine care or the usual delivery of information. One study compared brief psychosocial education with a form of therapy called 'cognition' (CBT), which is a type of therapy that aims to change the way people think and behave. Participants in the brief psychoeducational group were less likely to be non-compliant with medication than those in the routine care group in the short term (three RCTs, 448 participants) and in the medium term (one RCT, 118), but not in the long term. There was no difference found in follow-up between the groups in either medium or long term, nor was there a change found in quality of life, nor in the risk of death in either group. Data from a few individual studies showed that brief psycho-educations can improve the long-term global state (six months after the end of the study) and can lead to improved mental state in both the short and medium term. It can also lead to a reduction in the occurrence and severity of anxiety and depression, and can help people to function in a range of other aspects of life such as physical, emotional, and social functioning. There were no clear differences found in the effects of brief or no-treatment on the number of people who relapsed. Based on mainly low to very low quality evidence from a limited number of studies, brief psycho education of any form appears to reduce relapse in the longer term, and to help people take their medication in the shorter term. Further large, high-quality studies are needed to confirm or refute the use of this approach.
We included 11 studies with a total of 9839 people with COPD. Most of these participants had moderate to severe COPD, and had not had a recent flare-up (‘exacerbation’) of their COPD condition. Follow-up ranged from 6 to 52 weeks. All but one study was sponsored by a drug company, and all but one of the others were sponsored by the same drug company. Five of the 11 studies were of high risk of bias due to the way they were done, and the fact that they did not follow-up people as long as they should have. One of the studies was of a pharmaceutical-sponsored study, and we judged it to be at a high chance of bias. The other study was of an unsponsored study and we considered it to have a high risk that it would not have been able to mask the type of COPD that the people in it had. We found that LAMA+LABA was better than LABA+ICS in terms of the occurrence of flare-ups (exacerbations), serious adverse events (SAEs), lung function, and quality of life. We also found that the risk of death from any cause was lower in the LAMA-LABA group, and that there was a greater chance of an increase over 4 points in the St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) total score change from the start of the trial. We rated the quality of the evidence as low or very low for most of the outcomes. This means that further research is likely to have an effect on our views and is unlikely to change our views.
We included three RCTs with 91 children aged between 6 months and 4 years. All studies were from the USA (two) and Spain (one) and lasted from 7 to 16 months. All children had mild to very mild croup. Heliox was given as a mixture of 70% heliox and 30% oxygen for 20 or 60 or 120 minutes. In one study of 15 children with mild to moderate croup, heliox was compared with 30% humidified oxygen. There may be no difference in croup score changes between groups at 20 and 90 minutes after the end of treatment. The mean croup severity score at 20 minutes posttreatment may not differ between groups. We assessed the evidence for all outcomes in this comparison as of low quality, downgraded due to imprecision and high risk of bias due to an open-label design. Children treated with heliox may have lower mean Taussig croup scores at 60 and 90-minute, but not at 120-minute. We did not find any difference between groups in mean respiratory rate and mean heart rate at 20, 60, 90, or 120 hours posttreatment. We found that heliox reduced the mean respiratory rates at 60 minutes and the mean heart rates at 90 and there may have been no effect on the number of admissions to hospital. We also found that there may not have been any changes in the risk of admission to hospital at 120 and in the mean number of children who required intubation (need to be placed on a ventilator) at 20 or 90 and in hospitalisation rates at 120. We could not pool the results of the three times due to differences in the size of the studies. Due to very low quality of evidence, we are not able to draw conclusions about the effectiveness and safety of heliox for the management of croup in children aged 6 months to 4 years of age.
This is an update of a review that was first published in 2004. The aim of the review was to assess the use of red flags to identify patients with LBP who might be at risk of vertebral fracture. The evidence is up to date as of March 2013. Eight randomised controlled trials were included in the review, four in primary care (four), one in secondary care (one) and one in tertiary care (three). The risk of bias of studies was moderate with high risk of selection bias and lack of evidence bias the main sources of bias. Reporting of index and reference tests was poor. There were 29 groups of index tests, of which only a few featured in more than one or more of the studies. Based on evidence from single studies, few individual red flags appear to be useful as most have poor accuracy as indicated by imprecise results. When combinations of red flag tests were used the results appeared to improve. It should also be noted that many red flags have high false positive rates; and if acted upon uncritically there would be consequences for the cost of management and outcomes of patients with low back pain.
The aim of this review was to assess which is the best way to treat men with urethral stricture in terms of quality of life, side-effects and costs. Only a limited amount of information was found from randomised trials. There were too few men in the trials to be able to draw conclusions about the best treatment for men with this condition.
We found six randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials (RCTs; a type of study in which participants are assigned to one of two or more treatment groups using a method similar to the toss of a coin) with a total of 1211 children and adults with asthma. The trials lasted 12 to 52 weeks. There was no difference in the risk of a flare-up (‘exacerbation’) requiring the use of corticosteroids (between 17% and 25% with daily ICS and 19% with intermittent ICS). Age, severity of airway blockage, step-up protocol used during flare-ups and trial duration did not influence the primary results. No group difference was observed in the number of patients with serious adverse health events (1055 patients) compared to the daily treatment group. In children with asthma who took daily inhaled budesonide and beclomethasone, their lung growth was greater by 0.41 cm change from the start of the trial compared to those who took ICS only once a day. There were also more symptom-free days, more asthma control days and more use of rescue β2-antihistamines (drugs that block the release of airways airway airways by inhaled nitric oxide). In adults, there was no significant group difference in forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1), quality of life, airway hyper-reactivity, side-effects, adverse events, admission to hospital, emergency department visits or withdrawals due to adverse events. Both treatments appeared safe, but there was a modest growth suppression with daily treatment. The overall, we are not able to draw conclusions about which is the best way to treat asthma in adults and children. Clinicians should carefully weigh the benefits and harms of each treatment option, taking into account the unknown long-term (more than one year) impact of intermittent therapy on lung growth and lung function.
We found 17 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 1639 people with CKD. Eleven RCTs (900 people) looked at dietary counselling with or without lifestyle advice. Sixteen studies (739 people) examined the effects of a Mediterranean or high-protein, low-iron, polyphenol-based diet. One RCT (191 people) compared a low-fat, high-carb, fruit and vegetable diet with a control diet, and one RCT, with 12 people, looked at a high-proportional protein/low carbohydrate diet. Participants were followed up for a median of 12 months (range 1 to 46.8 months) and studies were not designed to look at death from any cause or ESKD. Overall, we found that people who had a Mediterranean-based dietary intervention may have a higher quality of life and a lower risk of heart attack and stroke compared to those who did not have a Mediterranean diet. The risk of death from heart attack or stroke was not assessed in any of the included studies. We found that the risk of having a stroke in one person in every 3000 treated for one year was one-tenth of that risk in the control group, although the certainty in this effect was very low. We also found that there was a reduction in blood pressure and diastolic and systolic blood pressure in the group of people with a moderate-to-high lipid-lowering diet compared to the group that did not follow a control group. We did not find that there were any adverse events in the groups. We are not able to draw conclusions about the long-term effects of dietary changes in CKD due to the lack of data. The quality of evidence was low or very low, which means that we are uncertain about the effect of changes in the way people eat and drink.
We included one study with a total of 156 children aged between seven weeks and 24 months with signs and symptoms of bronchiolitis. Participants were randomised into three groups: (1) nebulised salbutamol, (2) mist in a tent and (3) saline spray. The results showed that the use of steam inhalation (or cool mist therapy) resulted in a decrease in the RDS score in the group treated with saline spray, but not in the other groups. The study did not report on side effects of the treatments. We conclude that there is not enough evidence to recommend using steam or mist therapy in the treatment of children up to three years of age with broncholitis.
We found four studies with 1154 adults with a mean age of 50 to 90 years. All participants had a diagnosis of AD and most had been on a cholinesterase inhibitor (a type of drug that blocks the action of a type of enzyme that helps the body to break down cholesterol) for at least six months. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2014. We found no benefit from the use of statins in the treatment of Alzheimer's disease. There was no difference between the statin and placebo groups on any of the main outcome measures. We assessed risk of bias as low for all studies.
This is an update of a review first published in 2010. We found four randomised controlled trial (RCTs) involving 149 adults and children with Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A and Duchenne muscular dystrophy. Two RCTs assessed the effect of night splinting in a total of 26 children and adults. There were no differences between night splints and not wearing them. One RCT assessed prednisone treatment in 103 boys with Charcot-Marie tooth disease. While a daily dose of 0.75 mg/kg/day was found to be effective in some strength and function measures, increasing the dose to 1.5 mg a day had no effect on the range of motion of the foot. One study assessed surgery in 20 boys with Duchennes muscular dystrophies. The boys had a greater range of movement in the foot after surgery at 12 months but there were many boys in the surgery group who had a relapse of achilles tendon contractures by 24 months after the surgery. There is no evidence of benefit from any intervention for increasing ankle range of strength or range of range of action in either in children or adults with Charct-Marie tooth disease or in people with muscular dystonia. Further research is required.
We found 25 randomised and quasi-randomised controlled trials (5218 women) comparing upright and ambulant (walking) versus recumbent (lying on the back) and bed care (with epidural) in the first stage of labour in women at low-risk of having a caesarean birth. Women who were upright were one hour and 22 minutes longer than those who gave birth in bed and were less likely to have an epidural (epidural is a type of epidural that is inserted in the back of the uterus to help relieve pain). Babies of women who were in upright positions were less than one-third more likely to be admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit, but this was based on one trial. There were no differences between groups for other outcomes related to the well being of mothers and babies. There was no difference in the time taken for the baby to be born, duration of the second stage of the labour, or other effects on mothers' and babies' well being. There is clear and clear evidence that the upright (womb-like) or 'walking' (bed-like' or'shoulder-to-shoulder') approach to labour is safe and reduces the length of time spent in labour, the risk of giving birth, the need for epidural, and does not seem to be linked with an increase in the need to use forceps or other interventions.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) for this review, but none of them had a long-term follow-up of at least six months. The first trial compared transaxillary first rib resection with supraclavic neuroplasty of the brachial plexus (SNBP) in 55 people with the 'disputed type' of TOS and had a high risk of bias. TFRR decreased pain more than SNBP. There were no side effects in either group. The second trial compared a botulinum toxin (BTX) injection into the scalene muscles with saline (saline is a type of medicine used to treat pain) and found that treatment with the BTX was no better than saline injections in terms of pain, but it did improve paresthesias (skin rash) at six months after the end of treatment. The third RCT compared botulism (botulinum toxins) in 37 people with TOS of any type with saline injections. This trial had a low risk of systematic errors (bias) and was well-conducted. There was no effect of BTX treatment over saline on pain relief or on quality of life, but treatment with BTX did not result in any improvement over saline injections of saline. There is no evidence from RCTs for the use of other currently used treatments for TOS. This review was complicated by a lack of well-known criteria for the diagnosis of the TOS, so we had to rely on the diagnosis made by the researchers in the studies we found. We found very low to very low quality evidence that transaxilloid first rib surgery (TFRR) was better than supracheal resection, but no randomized evidence that either was any better than no treatment, and there is moderate to low-risk of bias to suggest that BTX injections yielded no great improvements over saline.
Twenty-one trials involving 884 people were included. A hand brace was found to reduce pain and function after four weeks of use compared to no treatment. A wrist splinting treatment for two weeks did not improve pain or function compared to placebo. In an analysis of pooled data from two trials (63 people) the use of a hand brace for one week was not found to be as effective as placebo. However one trial showed a benefit after seven weeks of ultrasound treatment which was maintained at six months. Four trials (193 people) looked at the effects of oral medications (steroids, diuretics, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and other drugs) compared to a dummy treatment (placebo) and found no benefit. In one trial (51 people) there was improvement in pain and in function after eight weeks of yoga. One trial (21 people) showed that carpal bone mobilisation, which involves mobilising the bone at the top of the hand, improved pain and quality of life after three weeks. In another trial (50 people) steroid and insulin injections were used for eight weeks in a group of 50 people with diabetes and showed a short-term benefit in terms of pain and improvement in overall symptoms. In the same group of people, electrotherapy (electrotherapy) for four weeks was not shown to be any better than placebo. Two trials (105 people) compared ergonomic keyboards with a fake keyboard and showed inconsistent results for pain and functioning. Other non-surgical treatments do not appear to be of benefit. Trials of magnet therapy, laser acupuncture, exercise or chiropractic care did not show benefit. More trials are needed to assess the long-term effect of these treatments.
We searched for studies that compared IVS with no treatment in adults with CRVO-ME. We found two RCTs that enrolled a total of 708 participants. One study (SCORE) compared triamcinolone acetonide injections (n = 165) with observation; the other (GENEVA) compared dexamethasone (a corticosteroid drug) injections with sham (sham) injections. Both studies enrolled participants with both branch and central retinal vein occlusion, but did not report data for the CR VO-ME group. The results from the SCORE and GENEVA studies showed that the corticostomy was not associated with an improvement in visual acuity after six months of treatment. The improvement in vision noted in the SCORP study should be viewed with caution as many participants did not return to the study for at least one year. Loss to follow-up was high with 10% in the steroid groups and more than twice as much (17%) in the observation group. However, eyes in the IVS group lost fewer letters than those in the non-injectable group at 8 months. Adverse events occurred more often with IVS therapy when compared with observation alone. As many as 20% to 35% of participants experienced an adverse event in the intravenous group compared with 8% of patients in the control group of the SCore study. The GENEVA study reported that 63% of people in the treatment arm and 43% of the participants in the'sham' group had a side event. The most common side events were high blood pressure in the day after surgery, cataracts, and retinal neovascularization. We graded the quality of evidence as low due to limitations, imprecision of results, and lack of precision of results.
We found six randomised trials involving a total of 394 patients. Five of the six studies showed that the use of intranasal corticosteroids in children with adenoid hypertrophy reduced the size of the adenoids. The first eight-week cross-over study showed that treatment with beclomethasone (336 mcg/day) for four weeks resulted in a greater improvement in mean symptom scores than placebo and a greater reduction in mean adenoidal/choana ratio than placebo between week 0 and week 4. The second four-week trial showed that in 38% of the children treated with a corticostomy (400 mcg per day) for two weeks, nasal obstruction symptoms decreased by at least 50% from the end of the first week, whereas none of the patients treated with placebo had such improvement. The third study demonstrated that 77.7% of children who were treated with mometasone for 40 days for eight weeks showed an improvement in nasal blockage symptoms and a decrease in adenol size, such that the need for nasal surgery could be avoided in 77% of these patients. The fourth parallel-group randomised controlled trial demonstrated that eight weeks of treatment with flunisolide (500 mcg a day) was associated with a greater change in nasal obstructive symptoms than isotonic saline ( saline solution) and a larger change in the proportion of patients who had their nasal obstruction treated with fluticasone. Adenoid surgery was avoided in 76% of those who received this drug compared with 20% in the placebo group. In contrast, one of the other trials did not find a difference between the treatment groups in terms of improvement of nasal obstruction and adenodialysis after eight weeks. The long-term efficacy of these drugs in these patients remains to be defined.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (involving women who were not in labour at the time of enrolment into the study) to find out if epidural block is safe and effective in treating severe pre-eclampsia in non-labouring women. We found only one randomised trial that compared the use of epidural drugs to treat pre-blood clots in the brain and spinal cord. The study was from Mexico and involved 24 women. The epidural was given in the epidural area using 0.25% bupivacaine, 10 mg bolus and 5 mg each hour for six hours. The women received antihypertensive drugs, anticonvulsant drugs, plasma expanders, corticosteroids and dypyridamole as well as all the other drugs. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. The included study did not report on any of this review's important outcomes. For the mother, these were: death (death in utero or up to 42 days after the end of the pregnancy, or death more than 42 days later), brain injury (stroke, stroke, stroke), stroke, heart attack, heart failure, kidney problems, liver problems, haemolysis, low platelets, liver damage, and pulmonary oedema (swelling of the lungs). For the baby, these outcomes were: stillbirths (birth before 37 weeks of age), perinatal deaths (births plus deaths in the first week of life), death within 28 days after birth, deaths after the first 28 days of life, deaths before discharge from hospital, deaths within the first month of life and deaths after 28 days; preterm birth (preterm birth is a birth that occurs when the baby is born too preterm and is not yet at full term); and side effects of the intervention. Reported outcomes The included in this review was the Apgar score of the baby at birth and after five minutes and there was no clear difference between the two groups. However, the change in maternal mean arterial pressure and systolic arterial blood pressure, which were the other reported outcomes of this trial, were not different between the other groups. Currently, there is not enough evidence from randomised trials to show that epidural treatment improves outcomes for women and their babies. There is a need for larger, well-designed studies to come to an evidence-based conclusion as to whether the lowering of vasomotor tone by epidural therapy results in better outcomes for the mother and her baby and for how long that could be maintained. Another important question that needs to be answered is how long should extended epidural be used to ensure any benefits are maintained and what could be the associated side effects and costs. Interactions with other modalities of treatment and women's satisfaction could also be explored.
We included 16 trials in this review. Fifteen trials (one of which was an abstract) provided data for analysis (927 people received glucocorticosteroids and 934 people received placebo or no intervention). The participants were between 25 and 70 years old, had a range of stages of alcoholic liver disease, and 65% were men. Follow-up, when reported, was up to the moment of discharge from the hospital, until they died (median of 63 days), or for at least one year. There was no difference in the risk of death from any cause up to three months after the end of treatment (very low-risk of bias) or on health-related quality of life (low-certainty evidence). There was also no difference between the two groups in terms of the occurrence of serious adverse events, liver-related deaths, and non-harmful side-effects. We are very uncertain about the effect on all-cause deaths and serious side effects during the course of treatment, as the certainty of evidence was very low, and low for health-quality of life. Due to poor reporting, we could not rule out an increase in adverse events. As the CIs were wide, we cannot rule out benefits or harms of the use of these drugs. Therefore, we need placebo-controlled trials, which are of high risk of bias, to answer our review question.
We included four studies with a total of 245 adults who had had a stroke at any time between the ages of 18 and 65 years of age. Three of the studies were from the USA, one from the UK and one each from Belgium, the Netherlands and the Netherlands. The studies were conducted with people who were relatively young and the timing after stroke was varied. The use of a'simulator-based' (e.g. a computer-based) driving simulator was compared with a control group in three of the four studies, and in one study in the fourth, people who had been in the study for at least six months after their stroke were compared with those who had not been involved in the simulator-based programme. There was no clear evidence of improved on-road driving skills after stroke in any of the trials. However, road sign recognition was reported to be better in people who received the simulator training in one trial (73 participants) compared with the control group. Adverse events were not reported in any study. We were not able to draw conclusions on the effects on vision, other measures of cognition, motor and functional activities, and driving behaviour with the intervention. We found no RCTs that looked at the use of on- road driving lessons. At the moment, it is not clear which of the impairments that can lead to poor driving ability after stroke are best addressed by rehabilitation, and whether one approach is better than the other.
We included eight studies with a mean age of 65 to 73 years in the review. The mean ages of people in the studies ranged from 58% to 84%, and COPD was classified as severe or very severe. We did not include people with mild or moderate COPD. Studies compared short- or long-duration (three to 10 days) corticosteroid treatment with longer (10 to 15 days) treatment. Five of the eight studies were in hospitals, and the other five were in home settings. We found that people with COPD who had a short-duration course of systemic corticostoid (of around five days) were no more or less likely to have a relapse (a new event) than people with a longer course (of 10 to 14 days) of treatment, and that there was no difference in the risk of a new event from the first COPD flare-up (recurrence) between the short- and long-term treatment groups. People with acute flare-ups of COPD were no different in the length of time they spent in hospital, and their lung function at the end of treatment did not differ between the shorter and longer courses of treatment. We graded most of the evidence as moderate quality because of imprecision, and further research may have an effect on our confidence in the results or may change them.
We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) published up to July 2018. We found one RCT (13 participants) that looked at the use of red blood cell transfusions in people with MDS. The RCT did not show that giving red blood cells to patients who had not had any other type of blood transfusion before was better than not giving any blood at all. There was no difference in the risk of death from any cause (all-cause mortality) or in the number of transfusions. There were no anaemia-related complications (cardiac failure) and no reported effect on activity levels. The study did not report: death due to bleeding/infection/transfusion reactions or iron overload, quality of life, number and length of time spent in hospital, serious infections (requiring admission to hospital), or serious bleeding. The quality of the evidence was very low. The one included RCT included in this review was only published as an abstract and contained only 13 participants. Further RCTs are needed to identify the best way to give blood to people with bone cancer who have had no other blood transfusions for at least six months.
We found that there is not enough high-quality research to assess the impact of educational games on patient and performance outcomes. There is a need for more research in this area.
The aim of this Cochrane review was to assess the effect of lithium or antidepressant drugs on the risk of relapsing (reoccurrences) in patients with unipolar affective disorder. Eight randomised, long-term trials were included in the meta-analysis. When all kinds of relapses (manic and depressive) were considered (both depressive and manic) there was a difference in favour of the use of lithium in terms of the occurrence of relapse. However, the results did not exclude the point of no effect, when the random-effects model was used (RR random effects 0.40, 95% CI 0.14 to 1.18). There were no other differences in the effectiveness of the drugs when all other outcomes were considered. There was not enough evidence to conclude whether or not these drugs are effective in preventing relapse.
This review found that the amifostine has no effect on the function of salivary glands measured by technetium-99m scintigraphy at three months after high dose radioactive iodine treatment. There was no difference in the incidence of xerostomia (scarring of the zygomatic skin), the number of patients with high blood pressure, or the amount of iodine in the blood taken by the salivaries of the mouth by the end of the first year after treatment. No health-related quality of life, death from any cause, morbidity, or health-based outcomes were assessed in the included trials.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 45 children aged from 29 months to six years with Down syndrome. All three RCTs included in this review were conducted in the USA (two in the clinic and one in the home) and were funded by a grant from the Hospital for Sick Children Foundation (Toronto, Ontario, Canada). One RCT was supported by grants from the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development (NIHHD) and the US Department of Education (DED) (USA). The other RCT received some funding from the USA National Health and Child Health Board (NHSBD) and received no funding from NIHHD or DED. The studies included a total of 45 children with Down's syndrome aged between 29 months and six years. Treatment duration varied from 12 weeks to six months. One study provided nine group sessions and four individualised home-based sessions over a 13-week period. The other study provided one 2- to 3-hour group session over a six-month period, followed by bi-weekly, individual clinic-based and once-a-week home- based sessions for 12 weeks. The third study gave one 1.5 to 2 hours of one-to-2 hour group sessions for one to three times a week over a two- to three-hour time range. We were not able to pool the results of the three studies as there were too few children in each of the groups, and the different ways in which the interventions were carried out, so we could not pool the findings. The findings from the three included studies were inconsistent. Two studies found no differences between the groups in expressive or receptive language abilities, whether measured by direct assessment or parent reports. One of the studies found that children in the intervention group could use more targeted vocabulary items or utterances with language targets in some contexts after the intervention, but this was not maintained 12 months later. One trial found gains for the treatment group on total-language measures, and one study did not find any differences in parental stress scores up to 12 months after the end of the intervention. All studies noted differences in most measures of how the parents talked to and interacted with their children after the treatment, and in one study most strategies were maintained in the group at 12 months post-treatment. No study found any loss of language skills in either group, while one study found improvements in children's socialisation skills in the control group. Only one RCT looked at adherence to the treatment through attendance data, and found that mothers in the therapy group attended seven out of nine group groups and were present for four home visits. No trial looked at parental use of the strategies outside of the group sessions. The remaining RCT did not report any funding sources. In light of the very low quality of the evidence, we have very little confidence in the results, and further research is very likely to have an important impact on our quality in the estimate of treatment effect. The sample sizes of each included study were very small, meaning that they are unlikely to be representative of the target group. We found only three very low-quality studies of very low risk of bias. We judged all three studies to be at high risk of blinding of the parents (not possible due to the nature of the treatment) and blinding of outcome assessors (not able to blind them to which group they were in) and at an unclear risk of selection bias, as authors did not use a random method to assign participants to treatment groups. We also judged one study to have a high-risk of bias due to lack of information about how participants were put into the treatment groups, as they did not give details of how they were allocated to each group, and only one of the control groups were made aware of the language
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in adults (aged 18 years and over) who had had a heart valve surgery. We included two RCTs from 1987 and 2004 with a total of 148 adults who have had heart valves surgery. Both trials had a high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions due to play of chance). We did not have enough information at 3 to 6 months of follow-up to judge the effect of exercise-based cardiac surgery compared to no surgery on the risk of death (very low risk) and on the occurrence of serious adverse events (low risk). Also, we did not find any information on health-related quality of life (HRQoL), and the other outcomes of New York Heart Association class, left ventricle ejection fraction and cost. We did find that, compared with control (no exercise), people who had a cardiac surgery had an increase in the amount of time they could walk, run, and lift weights. There was not enough data at 12 months for the return to work outcome. Due to a lack of evidence, we were not able to assess the impact on other outcomes. The quality of evidence was very low for all outcomes.
We found five RCTs (1130 participants) that compared the well-being of adults in the end-of-life phase of ALS or MS with that of those in the other stages of the disease. All five studies were from the same country and all were undertaken in the same way, but it is not clear if all participants received support from a chaplain or a spiritual counsellor. In the palliative care intervention studies there was no difference in quality of life or well-ness in the trial arms. It is unclear in all the studies whether the participants in the comparative groups received spiritual or religious support, or both, as part of routine care or from elsewhere. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found six randomised, quasi-randomised, controlled trials (RCTs) comparing tDCS with sham tDCS (sham tDCS) or with other types of tDCS. We found six RCTs with a total of 137 people with a range of ages from 18 to 80 years of age. Two studies with 45 participants compared tDCS to a control group and found that tDCS did not have an effect on impairment as assessed by the Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (UPDRS). However, there was evidence of an improvement on the UPDRS part III motor score at the end of the intervention phase. One study with 25 people found that there was an improvement in off and on time with dyskineia, but there was no effect on gait speed. One RCT with 41 people found no difference in the time taken for a person to walk from the start of the study to the end, but reported on health-related quality of life, which is a measure of a person's satisfaction with their life and health, and found an increase in the number of people who were satisfied with their daily life. There was no evidence that dropouts, side effects, or deaths occurred more often with tDCS than with other tDCS treatments. We did not find any studies that looked at whether tDCS was safe or if it was safe to use. None of the studies looked at the effect of tCSD on activities of daily living. The quality of the evidence was very low for all outcomes. This means that we are very uncertain about the results and that further research is very likely to have an impact on our confidence in the results.
We included 12 studies with a total of 461 patients in this update of the Cochrane Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Cochrane Collaboration Cochrane CRPS review. All of the studies were at high or unclear risk of bias, which means that they may have been conducted in a way that could have led to an overestimate of the effects of LASB. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of this type of treatment on pain in CRPS. We found that there is a lack of high quality, well-conducted, randomised, controlled, and well-reported evidence to support or refute the use of local anaesthetics for CRPS pain. There is a need for more research in this area. The quality of evidence was low to very low, downgraded due to limitations, inconsistency, imprecision, indirectness, or a combination of these.
We found 14 trials, with a total of 2488 people with Bell's palsy. Most of the trials were small, and most were at high or unclear risk of bias, which means that their results may not be reliable. We found that the combination of antivirals and corticosteroids may have little or no effect on rates of recovery compared to corticostrobinoids alone, but the results were imprecise and we could not rule out that there might be no effect. For people with a moderate-to-severe form of Bell’s palsy, we found that there was no clear effect on the rate of recovery at month six, but there was probably no difference in the rate at six months after the end of treatment. In people with more than a moderate dose of corticastric steroids, there may be no clear benefit from the use of antiviral drugs compared to placebo or no treatment. There may be a chance that there is a benefit from using an antiviral drug in the long-term after treatment, but we cannot be sure of this. Antivirals plus corticotrophins may reduce the number of people who have a late (longer-term) episode of Bell' s palsy in the short-term. There is no clear difference in adverse events between the treatment and the control groups. We rated the certainty of the evidence as low or very low for all outcomes. This means that we are uncertain about the results and that further research is very likely to have an effect on our conclusions.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) on the use of LHRH agonists in the treatment of platinum-refractory and platinum-resistant (relapsed) EOC. We included two RCTs with a total of 97 women. One RCT (Du Bois 2002) compared leuprorelin or treosulfan to a chemotherapeutic drug and the other (Currie 1994) compared decapeptyl to a placebo (dummy drug). There may be little or no difference in survival (OS) or progression-free survival (PFS) at six and 12 months between the treatment groups in the first RCT and the second RCT. The duration of follow-up was 2.5 years and quality of life (QoL) was not reported in this study. Alopecia (hair loss and fatigue) and neutropenia (disease of the white blood cells) were more common in the treo-gastrocyte (white blood cell) group than in the leo-hormone group (very low- and very low-quality evidence). Side effect rates were not clearly defined in either study. The Currie 1994 RCT reported mean PFS of 16 weeks and mean OS of 11 weeks, but no overall and QoL outcomes were reported. Adverse events were not well described in either RCT, and only a few adverse events were found in the decaeptyl group. Overall, the quality of evidence was very low for all outcomes (OS, PFS, QOL and adverse events).
We found 17 randomised studies that included term and near-term infants with hypoxia. Ten trials compared iNO with control (placebo or standard care with no iNO) or with iNO but allowed back-up iNO treatment if their condition had not improved by the end of the first 24 hours of life. We found that iNO reduced the risk of death or the use of ECMO in infants with severe or moderate severity of illness. The need for ECMO was not increased in the group of infants who received iNO. Inhaled nitric oxide improved oxygenation (oxygenation index (OI) or alveolar-arterial oxygen change (A-aDO2) by 50% in about 50% of the infants in the iNO group. The OI was decreased by a (weighted) mean of 15.1 within 30 to 60 hours after the start of iNO and partial pressure of arterial oxygen (PaO2) was increased by a mean of 53 mmHg. Whether infants had clear echocardiographic (ECMO) evidence of persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn (PPHN) did not seem to have an effect on the response to iNO in the infants. Outcomes of infants with diaphragmatic hernia were not improved; outcomes were slightly, but not significantly, worse with ino. Infants who had iNO at less than 24 hours did not have better outcomes than those who were enrolled but were allowed to receive iNO if their quality of life worsened. Fewer of the babies who were given iNO after 24 hours had a late-stage of illness, showing that giving iNO earlier reduced progression of the disease but did not reduce death nor the need for an ECMO. Incidence of disability, incidence of deafness and infant development scores were all the same in the two groups. In summary, iNO appears to be safe and well-treatable for term and far-term babies with low blood oxygen levels who do not have a hernia.
This is an update of a review that was first published in 2004 and has now been updated in 2007. We found 15 randomised controlled trials on the use of lumbar support for the treatment of low-back pain in adults. Overall, the quality of the studies was rather low. Only five of the fifteen studies met the criteria for a high level of quality. There was no evidence that any of the interventions were better than no intervention or training in the prevention of low back pain, and there was conflicting evidence whether they are better than other treatments. It is still not clear whether lumbars are more effective than no or other treatments for treating low- back pain. There is still a need for high quality randomised studies to be done to find out the best way to treat people with lowback pain. One of the most essential issues to tackle in these studies seems to be to make sure that patients are able to take their treatment as prescribed.
We included 57 studies with 16,784 catheters and 11 types of impregnations in this review. The total number of patients enrolled was unclear, as some studies did not provide this information. Most participants were adults (18 years of age or older) from the age of 18 to 65 years old who were in the ICU, in hospitals, in intensive care units or in oncology units, and who were receiving long-term total parenteral nutrition. There were low or unclear risks of bias in the studies, except for blinding, which was impossible in most studies due to the catheter that was assessed had a different appearance. Overall, we found that the use of antimicrobial CVCs reduced rates of CRBSI by 2% (95% CI 3% to 1%), RR of 0.62 and NNTB of 50 (high-risk of bias) and reduced the risk of catheter-related blood stream infection by 9% (range 12% to 7%) and RR 0.67 (range 0.59 to 0.76) and RR 1.0 (range 1.2 to 1.9) (high quality of evidence). There was no difference between the impregnated and non-impregnated groups in the rates of other adverse events, such as thrombosis/thrombophlebitis, bleeding, erythema and/or tenderness at the insertion site. The magnitude of the effects was not affected by the participants' baseline risks. The risk of death from any cause was not reduced, and there was no change in the risk for all-cause mortality. Antibiotic CVC use does not seem to reduce the overall rates of sepsis or death. The overall risk of infection rate was similar in both impregnate and uninfected groups, but this was not the case in the subgroup of patients who were treated in ICUs or in the oncological and blood-based units, or in patients who required CVC for long-long-term nutrition. Our findings call for caution in using these types of CVC in all settings.
We included 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) from Bangladesh, India, and Peru. The studies took place in recognised slums or poor urban or periurban areas. The participants were 9261 infants and children and 3664 pregnant women. There were no studies that looked at the use of foods to promote growth or weight gain. Six of the 14 RCTs included in this review were based in urban slums in India, one in Bangladesh, and one in the USA. All the interventions were based on the theory that a child’s weight gain is determined by the amount of iron in the blood of the child and not by the weight of the body mass index (kg/m2). There was no evidence that any of the interventions had an effect on weight gain, height, or height of height. There was also no evidence of an impact on the number of days that the child spent in school, or on the length of the day, or both. None of the studies looked at whether the intervention had any effect on the risk of death from any cause. The quality of the evidence was very low to moderate. The main reasons for this were lack of precision (i.e. small number of events) and imprecision (ie, results were imprecise). There is a need for more research in this area. More research is also needed to assess the impact of 'up-stream' (from the point of view of the community, government, non-governmental organisations, and the business sector) and'sensory' (e.g. through visits and visits to the home) approaches.
We found 12 RCTs (1023 participants) comparing foam dressages with other wound dressing treatments. There was no difference in the number of ulcers that healed at 12 to 16 weeks between foam dressers and hydrocolloid dressers, paraffin gauze, polyurethane foam dressings, or other wound dressers in the healing of venous leg ulcers. However, there was a trend in favour of foam dressing over other types of wound dressings in terms of the occurrence of adverse events. Six of the 12 studies were of high risk of bias, and the other six were of unclear risk of systematic bias. No included RCT had a low risk of randomised, quasi-randomised, or quasi-blinded design. Overall, the quality of the evidence was low. More research is required in this area.
We found that celecoxib and etoricoxib do not worsen the symptoms of IBD in patients with rheumatological (i.e. ulcerative colitis or Crohn's disease) in the short term. There was no difference in the number of patients who had an IBD flare-up (exacerbation) after 12 weeks of treatment between the two drugs compared to placebo (a fake drug). However, there was a 4% to 6% increase in the rate of flare-ups in patients who were in the placebo group compared to those who were on the drugs. The number of side effects was similar in the two groups. GI AEs included increased stools, rectal bleeding, and inflamed mucosa. No one in either group died or had a stroke. Renal toxicity or thrombotic (blood clot-like) events were not reported. The results for the long term use of these drugs in IBD is not yet clear. Clinicians need to continue to weigh the risks and benefits of the short-term risks and long-term side effects when treating patients with IBD.
We found 22 studies with a total of over 2310 people with a range of ages from 4 to 80 years of age. The studies mostly had small numbers of participants (from 4 to 317) and short follow-up times (4 to 24 weeks). At the start of the studies, six of the 22 studies only looked at people with ulcers that were infected; one study looked at both people with infected ulcers and those with uninfected ulcers; and the other 13 studies did not look at this group. Most of the trials did not use antibiotics to treat the ulcers. Some of the antibiotics used were antimonials (e.g. silver sulphadiazine, iodides, zinc hyaluronate, tretinoin, and chloramine), and others were growth factors (such as growth factor). We found that more wounds healed when treated with an antimonial dressing than with a non-antimicrobials (i.e. no dressing) and that more ulcers healed when the wound was dressed with an antibiotic dressing. We are not sure about the effects of these treatments on wound healing, the risk of infection, or the need for surgery to remove the ulcer or ulcer. There was no information about adverse events or other outcomes, and we were not able to draw conclusions about the risks and harms from the use of these antibiotics. We considered the certainty of the evidence to be low or very low for most of our outcomes. This means that we are uncertain about the results and cannot be sure that the results are true. The certainty of evidence ranged from moderate to very low. The main reasons for this were imprecision (small size) and risk of bias (ie, there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way the study was done).
We did not identify any new studies for inclusion in this update. We found six randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, cross-over, multi-centre, multicentre studies that involved 5193 participants. The evidence is up to date as of March 2018. We did not find any new randomised or quasi-trials that used zinc as a treatment for pneumonia in children. Analysis showed that children who received zinc were 13% less likely to get pneumonia and 41% less prone to pneumonia than children who did not take zinc. We also found that zinc had no effect on fast breathing, which is a type of fast breathing in which children breathe fast and do not need to draw a line on the floor of the lung with a pen. The number of children who got pneumonia was 21% less in children who took zinc, but there was no difference in the number who did or did not have a chest X-ray. The quality of the evidence was low. This means that we are uncertain about the results and that further research is likely to have an effect on our conclusions.
We found 10 randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, cross-over, multi-centre, multicentre, and quasi-trials of vitamin A in 33,179 children aged from one month to 18 years of age. Eight of the 10 trials found no effect of the vitamin A dose on the risk of acute LRTI, or on the prevalence of symptoms. Three of the studies found no effects of the dose of the drug. Vitamin A caused an increase in the number of children who had an acute diarrhoea in one study; an increased risk of cough and fever in one other; and increased cough and rapid breathing in the other. Low-dose vitamin A appears to have fewer side effects and at least equal benefit to a high dose.
Theophylline is a non-steroidal bronchodilator that has been used to treat COPD for more than 30 years and has been shown to reduce the amount of air that can be pumped out of the lungs in patients with COPD. This review of 20 RCTs found that people who took the aortic anaphylaxis (a treatment in which air is pumped out by the lungs) with theophyllines were more than twice as likely to be able to exercise at the end of treatment as those who took a placebo (a fake drug that did not have the same effect as the drug) and to be at least as fit and healthy as people who did not take the aprotosulfonate. There was a very low dropout rate in the studies that could be included in this review, which may be due to the fact that most participants may have been known by the researchers to be a patient who was well-tolerant of the apropranolol.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 439 children aged 1 year to 18 years. Each study used a different type of treatment. Three studies used a placebo (e.g. a sugar pill) and seven used an egg-free diet as the control. We found that there was an increased amount of egg that can be eaten and without any side effects in children who received oral or sublingual treatment compared to those who did not receive treatment. Most children (82%) could eat a full serving of egg (1 g to 7.5 g) compared to 10% of children in the control group. Fewer than half (45%) of children were able to tolerate a full meal of full-size egg, and 75% had mild-to-severe side-effects. One in 12 (1.4%) of people in the treatment group needed epinephrine/adrenaline (an antidepressive drug) and none in the non-therapy group. The most common side-side-effects were mild- to very-low-grade (such as dizziness, tingling, drowsiness, abdominal pain, headache, nausea, vomiting, and abdominal cramps) and 1 in 10 (8.8%) had a very low-grade side-effect, which may have been due to the food itself. Three of the 10 trials used a fake drug (placebo) as a control group, which could have led to bias. Of note, seven of the included RCTs used a diet that was also used as the treatment. The quality of evidence was low due to small numbers of participants and events, and the risk of bias due to imprecision (ie, there was a chance of arriving at wrong conclusions due to play of chance).
We included four studies with a total of 579 participants. All participants were adults (aged 18 years or over) who had been diagnosed with syncope and had had an interleukin-1 (ILR) implantation. The evidence is up to date as of March 2017. The review shows that there is no evidence that an ILR-based approach reduces the risk of death in the long term (long-term follow-up) when compared to a non-ILR approach. No data were available for short term death. Data from one study showed that the rate of aetiologic diagnosis was higher in the ILR group as compared to the non-ilR group. There was a trend towards a lower rate of syncope relapse after diagnosis in participants who had an implanted ILR, if the costs incurred by the implant were counted. The mean cost per diagnosis and the average cost per arrhythmic diagnosis were lower for participants randomised to ILR implantation compared to those who did not have an implant. The quality of evidence was very low for long-term death and no data on short term deaths. Due to the lack of data on adverse events in one of the studies' arms, we were not able to perform a formal meta-analyse for this outcome. No evidence was found for short-term all-cause death. Moderate-quality evidence shows that an IR-based diagnosis is more likely to be made by the end of the first year after diagnosis, as compared with the use of a standard assessment. No results were found for the other end-points analysed. Further research is needed to assess the role of ILR in the diagnosis of people with recurrent syncope.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared surgery and sclerotherapy in a total of 275 adults with 282 hydroceles. Participants were randomised to surgery (155 adults with 159 patients with 159 adults with a mean age of over 65 years of age) or scleroscopy (120 adults with 123 patients with a median age of less than 65 years old). All studies were assessed as at low or unclear risk of bias for selection bias (i.e. bias in favour of one treatment over the other) and for bias due to the type of intervention. Blinding was not reported in any of the RCTs. There were no differences in the cure rate in short-term follow-up between the groups. There was an increase in recurrence of the disease in those who received sclerosant treatment compared with surgery (3 studies, 196 adults: RR 9.37, 95% CI 1.83 to 48.4) and fever (one study, 60 people: RR 0.25; 95%CI 0.06 to 1.08) and an increased risk of infections in the surgery group (4 studies, 275 adults: HR 0.31, 95%, CI 0.09 to 1 to 0.05) and haematoma formation (blood in the urine) in the other two groups. Only one of the four studies reported satisfaction at three and six months; there was no difference in the number of patients who were satisfied with the use of sclerotherapy or surgery. Radiological cure was not found in any study. Radical cure is a test to see if the disease has been cured and is not caused by any cause. There is a great need for more research in this area. It is important that the studies have a sufficiently large sample size and long duration of treatment. The trials should be of high quality and should assess outcomes such as pain, recurrence, satisfaction, complications and cure. The studies should be registered in clinical trial registries and the reports of these studies should conform with international guidelines of trial reporting such as CONSORT. Cost-effectiveness and time to work resumption should be assessed.
We found one RCT that compared nebulised recombinant human deoxyribonuclease (rhDNase) with placebo in 40 children with airway malacia and a lung infection. We assessed it to be a RCT with low risk of bias. There was no difference in the proportion of children who were free of coughs at the end of one week between the two groups. However, the mean change in night time cough diary scores was greater in the placebo group than in the group treated with nebulized rhDNase at night time. The average change in day time cough diaries from the start of the trial was similar in both groups. Other outcomes (dyspnoea (shortness of breath), difficulty in expectorating sputum, and lung function tests) favoured the control group. It is not clear whether the use of nebulising of the airways improves recovery in children with tracheomalacia and bronchitis. There is a need for further RCTs in this area. For those with less severe disease, trials on interventions such as antibiotics and chest physiotherapies are clearly needed. Outcomes of these trials should include measurements of the trachea and other measures of the body's response to treatment.
We included 21 studies with 2658 people with MUPS or MUPS. All studies assessed the effectiveness of some form of psychosocial therapy. Fourteen of the 21 studies evaluated forms of CBT (CBT), and the others were of other forms of therapy, such as behaviour therapy, third-wave CBT, psychodynamic therapy, and integrative therapy. We did not find any studies that looked at the use of physical therapy. The duration of treatment ranged from one day to nine months, and follow-up ranged from two weeks to 24 months. Most of the people in the studies had been suffering from MUPS for at least several years, and most had been in the MUPS group at the end of treatment. The CBT included in this review was a form of therapy called 'CBT', which is based on the theory that the body’s 'thinking' (cognition) process is the key to understanding the world around us. CBT is thought to be able to change the way we think and behave, and has been shown to reduce the severity of somatoform and MUPS symptoms. In the CBT group, CBT was found to be better than usual care or a waiting list, but not better than enhanced care, which is to say, treatment that is not as good as structured care (where people are not put on a treatment list). CBT also was not more acceptable to people who dropped out of the treatment groups during or after treatment. It is not possible to draw conclusions about the acceptable to other types of care based on these findings. Adverse events were few and rare. Most studies did not report any harm from the treatment. However, as most of the included in the review did not describe adverse events as an outcome measure, this result has to be interpreted with caution. An important issue was that all of the studies in this Cochrane included people who were willing to take part in psychological treatment. In daily practice, there is a large number of people who are not willing to receive these types of treatments.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of regional anaesthesia for the prevention of PPP after surgery to remove the thoracotomy and caesarean sections. We found 39 RCTs, enrolling a total of 3027 adults and children. We were able to synthesize data from 39 of these studies, but we were not able to pool results because of differences in the way the studies were done, which meant that we could not pool results for some outcomes. We also could not combine results for adverse events, as the studies did not look at these in the same way, and did not report them in a way that allowed us to pool them. We concluded that there is low-quality evidence that regional anaesthetic may reduce the risk of having PPP three to 12 months after breast cancer surgery. There is moderate-quality data from three to 8 months after surgery from four studies that showed that there was no difference in PPP between those who had and those who did not have an epidural for thoracoscopy. We are uncertain about the effects of the infusion of local anaesthetics for the treatment of breast cancer pain three to six months after a breast cancer operation, as there were too few studies and results were imprecise. However, there is a chance that there may be a benefit from giving local anaesthetic to the bone of the leg after iliac crest bone graft harvesting three to 55 months after bone graft surgery. We did not find evidence of a risk of developing PPP for limb amputation, hernia repair, heart surgery or laparotomy. We cannot draw conclusions about other types of surgery because we found only a few good-sized, high-quality studies, and our conclusions are based on a few small studies. The risk of bias from missing data and from a lack of blinding (where patients are not aware of whether or not they are in the treatment group or not) was high in many of the included studies, which reduced our confidence in the findings. Thus results must be interpreted with caution. There are seven ongoing studies and 12 studies that may change the conclusions of the current review once they are published and incorporated.
Twenty-eight RCTs, with a total of 1742 patients, were included in this review. All drugs were well-treatable in terms of the rate of drop-out from the trials. Data were sparse for the comparison of first- and second-generation antipsychotics, and for the other drugs, and the long-term use of these drugs has not been assessed. Data indicated that some of the drugs may be helpful for people with BPD, but not for the core BPD symptoms of a sense of loss, loss of control, and loss of identity. However, these results are based on only a few studies and need to be viewed with caution, as most of the findings were based on a small amount of data from a single study. There was a possible increase in self-harms, weight gain, sedation and changes in haemogram measurements with olanzapine. Topiram, a drug used to treat depression, showed a decrease in body weight with topiram. Antidepressants are not widely supported for BPD treatment, but may be useful in the presence of comorbid conditions such as schizophrenia or bipolar disorder. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2013.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared washout with no washout. We included a total of 349 adults (aged 18 years and over) in this update of the Cochrane review. We are uncertain if washout (saline or acid solution) has an effect on the rate of urinary tract infection or length of time each catheter was in the catheters because the results are imprecise. There were no data on the use of washout in patients with urethral or suprapubic cathetes, or on the cost of the washout procedure. Only one trial was free of problems with the way it was done, but there were difficulties with the number of patients who stayed in the study and the time it took to recruit and keep them in the treatment group. The other four trials were of low or very low quality, which means that we are not confident that their results are valid. Data from seven trials that looked at whether washout was better or worse than not washing out at all were limited, and generally of poor quality or were poorly reported. It is not possible to conclude if washouts are more or less safe or better than no washouts. More research is needed to find out which washout is the best way to reduce the risk of a catheter getting stuck in the urine and how long each catheter should be in place before it can be removed.
We included 30 studies (18,682 adults and 13,952 children) in this review. Eighteen of these included 14,573 survivors of childhood cancer. The age of participants ranged from 6 to 18 years, and the average age of the children was between 16 and 18 years. We found that in a subgroup of three studies (14,573 cancer survivors) there was a range of 0% to 61.7% chance that a child would be fatigued at the end of treatment. In comparison, in a group of 12 (13,952 survivors) with a mean age of 16 years and over, there was an average of 4.4% chance of a child being fatigued. It is not clear how many survivors of cancer suffer from fatigue after treatment. There was a very low rate of severe fatigue in the blood cancers (1907 survivors) and brain cancer (252 survivors), but this was not found in other types of cancer (bone cancer and bone cancer). There was also a low rate in the bone cancer survivors of 0.0% and a high rate in bone cancer patients of 1.8% and 35.9% in the brain cancer survivors, but again, these were very low rates. One study (102 adults) found that over the course of 2.7 years, 32 of the 102 adults (31.4%) who had been in the study for more than two years had experienced persistent fatigue. They found that depression might be associated with fatigue. In contrast, age at the time of cancer diagnosis and education level did not seem to be linked to fatigue. We were not able to calculate any overall risk estimate for any of the reported risks and associated factors, because we could not perform a meta-analysis. The evidence is weak, and it is unclear how many children who have been treated for cancer and are still fatigued after their cancer has been cured. This is also the case for the length of time a child is fatigued following treatment and the strength of the relationship between fatigue and other risk factors.
We included 36 trials involving 6914 people. There was variation in the type of antibiotics used, patient characteristics and risk of RTIs and death rates in the control groups. In trials comparing a combination of topical and systemic antibiotics, there was a reduction in both RTIs (16 studies = 16, odds ratio (OR) 0.28, 95% CI 0.20 to 0.38) and the risk of death (17) in the treated group. In the same way, in trials comparing the use of topical antimicrobials alone (or comparing topical plus systemic (topical versus systemic) versus systemic alone) there was also a decrease in RTIs but not in death rates.
We found five small, low-quality, randomised studies that looked at the use of PR in geriatric long-term care. Four of the studies looked at nursing homes and one looked at residents in group dwelling units. All of them looked at ways to help nursing staff in the care of elderly people in the nursing home and the other three looked at group homes. The results showed that PR use was increased in both groups after eight months in the group home study and reduced in the other studies after seven and 12 months of follow up. There was no change in PR use in the control group after six months in one of the group homes and PR use increased in the others. Overall, there is not enough information to draw any firm conclusions about the best way to help staff in nursing homes or group homes to avoid PR use.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing glucocorticoids with placebo in a total of 416 women undergoing IVF/ICSI for IVF or ICSI. Two of the RCTs had data in a form that we could not analyse, so results were only available for data from two of the trials (310 women). One of the other studies had data from only one of the studies, but the other was at low risk of bias in all domains. There was not enough evidence to conclude whether there was any difference between the groups in live birth rate. Our findings suggest that if the chance of live birth with placebo is assumed to be 15%, the chance following treatment with glucocorts would be between 7% and 31%. There was no conclusive evidence of a difference in the number of women who became pregnant during IVF and ICSI (low- or very low-quality evidence). There was also no evidence of any effect on the rate of multiple-pregnancy (very low- or low-risk of bias) or miscarriages. Neither of the included studies reported OHSS or side-effects. The quality of the evidence was very low or low, mainly due to imprecision, with low sample sizes and few events.
We included eight trials (291 adults with cystic fibroids aged from five to 23 years of age in this update of the review. Six of the trials lasted for one year and the other six trials for six months. We found that rhGH treatment may improve some of the outcomes in people with CF, but there was no clear improvement in height, weight or lean body mass. Some measures of lung function showed improvement, but this was not consistent across all trials. There was no difference between the dose levels of rhGH (0.3 to 0.5 mg/kg/week) and there was also no change in the body mass (kg/m²) with rhGH therapy. There is a change in fasting blood glucose levels that may be related to rhGH, but it did not reach the level that would lead to a diagnosis of diabetes in the short-term (six months or less) trials. No significant changes in quality of life, clinical status or side-effects were observed in this review due to the small size of the studies. One of the one trial that looked at the effect of treatment on the number of pulmonary exacerbations (flare-ups of CF lung disease) did not show any benefit, but again this was limited by the short duration of trials and the very low- to very low quality of the evidence. One trial looked at improvement in the amount of time taken for people to get back to the same height and weight after rhGH and found that this was only seen with the high-dose rhGH compared with no treatment. Three trials looked at people’s ability to walk and found no benefit from rhGH. None of the included studies looked at whether the cost of treatment was lower than or equal to no therapy. The evidence is up to date as of March 2015.
We included 26 non-randomized controlled before and after studies with 1,695 participants. We found that both removal from exposure and reduction of exposure may result in an improvement in symptoms and lung function compared to continuing to use the agent. Removal from exposure may be achieved by reducing the use of the agent, improving ventilation, or by using the same job in the same place, but not by changing to another job; or by implementing a change in the way the workers work. For continued exposure, 56 per 1000 workers reported absence of symptoms at the end of follow-up, the decrease in forced expiratory volume in one breath was 5.4%, and the change in non-specific bronchial hyperreactivity (NSBH) was -0.18. In 18 of the 26 studies, we found that people who were removed from exposure were more than twice as likely to report not having asthma symptoms compared to those who were not, and it may be more likely to be reported that they did not have asthma symptoms, as well as to have improved lung function. We did not find that there was a difference between groups in terms of change in NSBH. In 10 studies we found no difference in the number of patients who were no more or less likely to have symptoms, and no change in symptoms, when we looked at all three of these outcomes. No studies looked at the risk of unemployment. In four of the studies, people who had been removed from their jobs may have had a 20% to 50% drop in their income. We rated the quality of the evidence as very low for all of the outcomes. The evidence is up to date as of July 2014.
We found six randomised, double-blind, quasi-randomized trials (involving 1758 adults) comparing the use of PPI to stop PPI for at any time after six months. Five of the six trials looked at the effect of on-demand deprescribing and one trial looked at whether stopping PPI at all. All of the people in the trials had nonerosive reflux or milder grades of esophagitis (LA grade A or B). On-demand PPI use may lead to an increase in GI symptoms (e.g. dyspepsia, regurgitation) and probably a reduction in pill use. There was a drop in the number of people who were satisfied with their PPI treatment. There were not enough data to make a conclusion about the long-term side effects and harms of discontinuing PPI. None of the studies looked at cost/resource use.
We included 13 randomised trials with a total of 905 people with a range of ages from 18 to 80 years of age. All of the trials compared social skills training to a control group that did not receive social skills. We found that social skills programmes may improve the social skills of people with schizophrenia and reduce the risk of relapsing. We also found that rates of relapse and rehospitalisation were lower for social skills in the group receiving social skills compared to the control group. People’s mental health was also improved in the social skill group. However, when social skills was compared to a discussion group group, we found no differences in the number of people who relapsed, relapse rates, mental state or quality of life, again the quality of evidence for these outcomes was very low. Whether social skills can be used in other settings is not clear, as most of the studies were conducted in China.
We found that pegloticase is a drug used to treat tophi in gout, and that it is effective in the short-term (two weeks or less) but not in the long term (more than six weeks). We did not find any evidence about long-term effects. We found one randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial (225 participants, 145 with tophi at the end of treatment, randomised to one of three arms) comparing peglotoxan (an antidiarrhoeal drug) given once a week (biweekly) or once a month (monthly) to a group of gout patients who did not have to have tophi. This was the pooled results from two RCTs (225 adults, 145 of whom had tophi) that included a total of 145 participants. The participants had to have had at least one episode of tophi for at least six months prior to the start of the RCT. The included RCT was at low risk of bias (low risk of systematic errors (i.e. play of chance) that could not be ruled out because of the way it was run and performed). The results of the one RCT included in this Cochrane review showed that a low dose of peglote (8 mg) given biweekly reduced the number of people who developed tophi compared with placebo (2.27 out of 100) in the group that did not receive tophi treatment. Eleven out of 52 people who received tophi-reduced pegloidase treatment had complete resolution of one or more tophi, compared with one out of 27 who had a tophi treated with a placebo. People who received peglotics had pain relief of 30% or greater, function, quality of life and serum urate normalisation, which is a measure of how well the blood clotting in the urine has returned to normal, were reported for all participants but not for those who were given tophi; therefore, we did not include these results in the meta-analysis. There was a high risk of adverse events in all treatment groups: 80% of people in the pegliotoxan group had an adverse event compared with 41% in the placebo group. This may be due to flare-ups (flare ups) of the disease, which may be unrelated to the drug treatment, and may explain the high rate of side effects in the control group - who were not given any treatment and were not sick. Pegloticase administered biweekly caused more people to drop out of the trial due to adverse events than placebo, and there were more people who dropped out due to side events in both groups. Most of the side events were due to a flare-up of the tophi caused by the drug. This means that the drug may not be the cause of all side events. However, there is a need for more RCT data on the use of other treatments, such as surgery, to remove tophi surgically.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) on the use of IgA alone or combined with IgA and IgA for the prevention of NEC in newborns. We found three RCTs (2095 newborns) comparing IgA with IgG alone or IgG plus IgA versus IgA. We did not find any studies on IgA given alone for the treatment of NEC. Oral IgA did not reduce the risk of NEC, need for surgery or death in the newborn.
The aim of this Cochrane review was to assess the effect of postoperative chemotherapy after hysterectomy and surgery on the risk of recurrence of the tumour in the pelvis (pelvis) and overall survival. Five RCTs were included in the analysis of 2197 patients. The risk of death from any cause was 0.85 (range 0.76 to 0.96; range 0.7 to 1.0) for every 25 women who received postoperative platinum based chemotherapy. This means that one out of 25 women would be alive at any time after the end of treatment. Chemotherapy reduces the risk that the cancer will come back in another part of the body by 5% (range 1% to 8%). The analysis of pelvic recurrence rates is underpowered but the trend suggests that chemotherapy may be less effective than surgery in a direct comparison but it may have added value when used with surgery.
We included 35 studies, from a wide range of countries on six continents. Nineteen of these were from low- and middle-income settings, and sixteen from high-income countries. Some of the studies explored the views of people who had experienced the interventions, while others asked what they would like from such a programme. The studies covered a range of types of programmes. Our results showed that clients' experiences of these types of programs were mixed. Some felt that these programmes provided them with feelings of support and connectedness, as they felt that someone was taking the time to send them a message. They described sharing the messages with their friends and family. However, clients also pointed to problems when using these programmes. Some had poor access to cell networks and to the internet. Others had no phone, had lost or broken their phone, could not afford airtime, or had changed their phone number. Some, particularly women and teenagers, had their access to phones that were controlled by others. The cost of messages could also be a problem, and many thought that messages should be free of charge. Language issues as well as skills in reading, writing, and using mobile phones could be a concern. Clients dealing with stigmatised or personal health conditions such as HIV, HIV/AIDS, family planning, or abortion care were also concerned about privacy and confidentiality. Some clients suggested ways to deal with these issues, such as using neutral language and tailoring the content, timing, and frequency of the messages. They wanted messages at a time and frequency that was convenient for them. They also had preferences for different delivery channels (e.g. short message service (SMS) or interactive voice response) or for different types of message content, and their views about who sent the messages could influence their views of the programme. For an overview of the findings and our confidence in the evidence, please see the 'Summary of qualitative findings' table.
Twenty-three studies with 2467 people were included in this review. The review showed that methadone is as good as any other drug in terms of the number of people who completed treatment, number of participants who were free of heroin use at the end of treatment, abstinence from heroin use, and the severity of withdrawal symptoms and side effects, although it was not possible to pool data for the last two outcomes. Methadone was compared with other drugs, such as adrenergic agonists (11 studies), other opioids (eight studies), anxiolytic (two studies), and paiduyangsheng (one study). However, more people dropped out of treatment in the placebo group and more drop-outs were found in the treatment group.
The aim of this review was to assess the benefits and harms of this form of treatment. Nine studies with a total of 1109 participants were found that compared heavy sedation with light sedation or with no sedation. There is a greater risk of adverse events with heavy, compared to light, sedation, and probably with this approach compared to other forms of detoxification. The high cost of anaesthesia-based approaches, both in money terms and in terms of the use of time and resources, and the high risk of serious side effects (adverse events) associated with this type of treatment, do not justify its use.
This is an update of a review that was first published in 2004. In this update, we searched for new randomised controlled trials (RCTs) published up to July 2013. We found 14 RCTs that met our criteria for inclusion in the review. These were short (10 days) and long (three months) studies of the intramuscular form of the drug. We did not find any evidence that the drug was any more or less likely than other typical antipsychotics to cause movement disorders, but it does cause more weight loss than other drugs. The strength of the evidence relating to this compound is limited, owing to small sample size, poor study design, and a lack of information about the effectiveness of this drug.
We included 20 studies with a total of 2125 adults and children with melasma. Each of the treatments used in the studies was a different type of bleaching agent, such as hydroquinone, tretinoin, and fluocinolone acetonide, or triple-combination creams (which are creams that combine the effects of two or more bleaching agents) or a cream and a peeling agent (e.g. glycolic acid peels), as well as less conventional treatments such as rucinol, vitamin C iontophoresis, and skin-lightening compounds like Thiospot and Gigawhite. The quality of studies was poor and available treatments were inadequate.
Twelve trials, which randomised 1319 participants, were included in the review. All trials were at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a high chance of bias in many of the methods used in the trials) and many were small. The results showed that 5-FU was effective in the first year after trabeculectomy in eyes at high-risk of failure and in eyes undergoing surgery for the first time in those who received post-operative injections. There was no difference in the number of eyes that did not heal after surgery in the low-dose post-op surgery group. However, in the high-dose surgery group, there was an increase in the risk of eyesight-threatening eye problems (such as cataract and macular oedema) and a decrease in the amount of pressure in the eye that the eye was able to reach the top of the cornea (intraocular pressure) at one year after surgery. None of the trials reported on the patients' views of care, which is a serious omission for an invasive treatment such as this. The quality of evidence varied between subgroups and outcomes, most of which was based on very low quality. The combined surgery subgroup had the largest number of patients and the low dose postoperative injections had the fewest.
We found 55 studies with over 16,000 people with COPD. Long-term use of inhaled steroids (more than six months) did not reduce the rate of decline in forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) in COPD patients, although one large, long-term study showed a decrease in FEV1 in the ICS group. There was no effect on the risk of death from any cause. The mean rate of flare-ups (exacerbations) of COPD was lower with ICS (0.26 per patient per year, 95% CI -0.37 to 0.14 per year) than with no ICS in those studies where pooling of data was possible. The rate of improvement in quality of life was similar in both ICS and no group in the long term. In the short-term, there was an increased risk of hoarseness and oropharyngeal (bronchial) candidiasis in patients who took ICS, but not in those who did not take ICS. The risk of a flare-up of pneumonia was increased in patients taking ICS compared to those who took placebo in the longer term. The number of people who developed bronchodilator-reversed bronchial blockage was not different in the two groups. The results of the studies that looked at bone effects did not show that ICS had a major effect on bone health over three years. Patients and clinicians should be aware that inhaled corticosteroids can cause side effects.
We included 80 randomised controlled trials (5820 women) in this review. They compared 20 different types of NSAIDs (18 non-selective and two COX-2-specific) versus placebo, paracetamol or each other. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2014. We found that women with dysmenorrhoea who took an NSAID had more pain relief than those who took a placebo (35 RCTs, 53,000 women). This means that if 18% of women taking placebo achieve moderate or good pain relief, between 45% and 53% of those taking NSAIDs will do so. However, there were more side effects (overall adverse effects: OR 1.29, 95% CI 1.11 to 1.51, 25 randomised trials, I2 = 0%, 25 women). The risk of side effects was higher in the non-steroidal groups (gastroesophageal (bowel) adverse events; gastrointestinal (e.g. nausea, diarrhoea, constipation) and neurological (neck pain, neck pain, tremors, numbness, tingling) than in the group of women who took placebo). The evidence suggests that if 10% of patients on placebo experience side effects, between 11% and 14% of the patients on an NSAIDs-like drug will do the same. NSAIDs compared with each other There was no clear advantage of any one type of NSAID over any other for pain relief or for side effects. There was also no evidence of a difference with regard to adverse effects, though data were very scanty. Most of the studies were conducted in the USA (59%), and most did not state their source of funding. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for most comparisons, mainly due to poor reporting of study methods.
We found that high levels of PEEP (compared with low levels) did not reduce the risk of death in the first few days after admission to the ICU, nor was there a reduction in the number of ventilator-free days. The risk of barotrauma was no greater in the high-PEEP group than in the low-pEEP group. Oxygenation was improved in participants in both groups, although data derived from the studies showed a large range of results. The subgroup of participants with ARDS showed a decrease in the death rate in the intensive care unit (ICU), although it must be noted that in two of the three studies, the authors used a protective ventilatory strategy involving a low volume and high level of PEP.
We found 42 studies (11,399 patients) comparing HES with other types of treatment for AKI and RRT in people with pre-renal or sepsis-associated AKI. The risk of AKI was 1.31 times more in the HES group and 1.22 times in the RRT group. The need for RRT was twice as high in patients with AKI treated with HES as in those who were treated with other fluids (19 studies, 9857 patients) and the number with author-disease (15 studies, 1361 patients) was 1% to 3% more in HES groups than in the other groups. There was no difference in the risk of RRT or RIFLE-I between the two groups. When urine output and creatinine based AKI risk was excluded from the analysis, the risk was in favour of HES solutions. However, when this was done as per study protocol, the other type of fluid was found to be more likely to cause AKI than HES. There were no differences in the number of people with RRT and RIFle-I in the two subgroups (sepsis and non-sepsise) for the AKI based outcomes, which may be due to the differing response of the kidneys to the use of fluids. Overall, the quality of the studies was good. All HES products increase the risk in AKI in all patients, and a safe volume of any HES solution has yet to be found. In most cases it is likely that these risks are likely to outweigh any benefits, and other fluids should be used.
We found nine randomised, double-blind, quasi-randomised, and quasi-blinded studies that compared Rheum officinale with no treatment and with captopril, an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACEi) inhibitor (a drug used to treat CKD). We included a total of 682 patients in these studies. Seven of the nine studies were conducted in the USA, one in the UK, and one each in Italy, France, Spain, and the UK. The mean age of participants ranged from 55 to 71 years old. All of the patients had CKD and were followed up for at least six months. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2015. The review found that Rheomorinale appears to be a safe and well-treatable treatment for patients with CKD. It has not been shown to be associated with any serious adverse events. No data were available on all-cause death or cost of treatment. The quality of evidence is low due to lack of data and imprecision of results.
We found that the IQCODE can be used to identify older adults in the general hospital setting who are at risk of dementia and who need to be assessed by a neuropsychiatrist, but that it is better in a 'general' (general) setting. The language of the tool did not affect its use, which supports its use in a wide range of settings. However, our findings are qualified by the lack of uniformity in the way that the studies were done, which may have led to imprecision in the results. There is a need for more research in this area.
We included three RCTs involving 91 adults with a mean age of over 60 years of age. All three studies were of 'low quality' and had a high risk of bias, which means that their results may be imprecise. There was 'low to very low quality' evidence that mCIMT, a form of movement therapy, improved upper limb function and spasticity up to six months after stroke, and there was'very low to low quality evidence that dynamic elbow splinting (splinting that allows the elbow to be put back in place) reduced elbow range of movement up to 14 weeks after stroke. However, there was no improvement in upper limb movement more than task practice therapy alone, only at 12 weeks. No trials looked at the effect of MD treatment on 'passive function' (caring for the affected limb), caregiver burden (e.g. carers' burden), or the individual's priority goals for treatment. No studies looked at interventions in children and those with stroke in the lower limb, or after other types of intramuscular (intra-arterial) treatments for spasia. At best, there is low-quality, low-risk-of-bias, moderate- to high-risk of bias evidence for the effectiveness of outpatient MD treatment following BoNT for upper limb spasia in adults with stroke. Further research is needed to build evidence in this area.
This review could not derive clear evidence from randomised trials for the use of long-term (at least 12 months) treatment with lamivudine and HBIg in patients with chronic HBV after liver transplantation for preventing recurrence of HBV infection.
This is an update of a review that was first carried out in 2004. Fifteen studies involving 1019 people with LADA were included in the review. All of the studies had a high risk of bias (risk of systematic error (i.e. play of chance) and of bias in the way they were designed and carried out). Sulphonylurea (a drug taken by mouth) with insulin was not better than insulin alone at three months (one study, n = 15) and at 12 months of treatment and follow-up. In addition, there was evidence that the use of this drug caused an increase in the proportion of patients who were dependent on insulin (30% in the insulin group compared to 5% in conventional care group at two years) and later on, 64% (insulin group) and 12.5% (su group) at four years. No effect was found on fasting C-peptide levels, but insulin was found to be better than su at one year. One study showed that GAD65 (glutamic acid decarboxylase, a drug made from aluminium hydroxide, which is used in the treatment of LADA) in a short term (three months) study (n = 74) using Chinese remedies did not show a benefit of this treatment compared to insulin alone. There was no information on health-related quality of life, complications of diabetes, cost or health service use, death from any cause and no adverse events.
We included 70 studies (44,958 participants) in the meta-analysis, and 63 of these studies (42,784 people) in our meta-meta-analysis. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2016. The results of this review show that social norms interventions do not appear to reduce the risk of binge drinking or other types of alcohol misuse in the short-term (four months or more) and do not reduce the amount of alcohol consumed or the number of days in a week. However, we found that there may be some small benefits in terms of reducing binge-drinkers' binge-time and drinking quantity. There was no effect found for the frequency of use of social norms in the first three months after the end of the intervention. There were no effects found for any of the other measures used in this review, such as GFF or MC, and no effects were found for typical BAC or GFF with IFF. Overall, we judged the quality of evidence to be moderate or low for most outcomes. This means that further research is likely to have an impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect and may change the estimate.
We included three studies with a total of 492 adults who had received 530 THA. One study (81 adults) looked at the number of hip dislocations in the first 12 months after receiving a THA and found no incidences in either group. The study did not measure pain, function, quality of life, re-operation rates or total adverse events. Another study (265 adults; 303 THAs) compared people who received hip precautions with and those who did not receive them to see if they had improved function at 12 months follow-up. There were no increative events or adverse events in both groups. Due to the very low quality of evidence, we are not sure if people were more or less likely to have a hip dislocation if they were not provided with hip precautions compared to those who were provided with them. The third study (146 adults; 146 THA) compared the provision of an 'enhanced postoperative' (e.g. with and without the use of postoperative equipment and restrictions) rehabilitation programme to promote functional ADL after hospital discharge. There was no improvement in function or pain at four weeks or six months in those who received this programme compared to people who were not. The quality of the evidence was very low and we were not able to draw any conclusion from this study. One of the studies was of high risk of bias due to the way it was run and reported. The other study was of very low or low quality and did not assess the effect of different types of therapy. We are uncertain if hip precautions are effective in the short and long-term for those who have had a thoracoscopy for thoracostomies. There is not enough evidence to support or refute the adoption of a postoperative rehabilitation programme based on functional outcomes. More high-quality research is needed to assess the impact of such interventions on pain and restriction on personal ADL, EADL and instrumental ADL rather than just hip precautions, and restrictions.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing LNG-IUD use after surgery for endometriosis with no surgery. The evidence is up to date as of March 2014. Two of the three RCTs showed that the recurrences of painful periods were less in the group of women who had an IUD after surgery compared with those who had not had surgery. There was no difference between the groups in terms of the proportion of participants who were satisfied with their treatment. The third RCT did not show a difference in the recurrence of pain after surgery but did not have a high risk of bias. In one of the trials, pain scores were lower in the IUD group compared with the group that received gonadotrophin-releasing hormone agonists but this did not reach a clear result. The number of women reporting a change in menstruation was greater in the LNG group but not in the other two groups. The trial did not report on the number of patients who dropped out of the treatment groups. Overall, the strength of evidence was rated as moderate for the reduction in painful periods after surgery and low for the change in periods.
We searched for evidence in July 2017 and found 24 randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, cross-over studies (studies in which people are put in groups at random to receive one or the other of two or more treatment groups) that looked at interventions to change the way in which snack foods or drinks were placed in relation to each other (e.g. on a table, in a box, on a wall or in a table top) or to other foods. All of the studies were in high-income countries (USA, UK, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Switzerland and the USA) and all were conducted in the USA. Most studies (14/24) looked at the amount of healthy (healthy) foods and drinks that were available to eat, and how many less-healthy (healthier) or more-healthy foods were available. Six studies changed the number of foods that were on the shelves, and four changed the order of foods encountered along a line. Most (4/6) changed the distance at which a snack food or drink was placed from the participants. Eighteen of the 24 studies investigated the effect of placing foods close to one-to-one (i.e. just a few feet away) from the participant, and 18 changed the distances at which foods were placed further away from the people in the study. The majority of these changes were made to foods that people could eat in the same way as they would eat in their own homes, such as fruit, vegetables, meat, fish, meat-based foods, cereals and cereals. Most of the other changes were to the order in which the food was placed in. We found that people who were put in a group that had less choice of the foods they were offered, and were more likely to eat those foods. We also found that those who were placed close to a food that was placed far away from them were more than twice as likely to consume those foods, and that those placed farther away were about half as sure to eat them as those placed far from the group that was put close to them. However, we found that this effect was greater the farther away the product was placed; when only the targeted product(s) was available; when participants were of low deprivation status; and when the study was at high risk of bias (high risk of systematic error, which means there was potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way that the research was carried out). We are not sure that these changes would have an effect on the risk of death from any cause. We are also not sure if they would have the same effect if they were done in a real-world setting. We rated the certainty of the evidence as low or very low for all outcomes. This means that we are very uncertain about the results.
We searched for studies that compared PEP with other antiretroviral drugs to see if it was safe and whether it reduced the risk of HIV seroconversion. We did not find any studies that looked at the use of PEP to treat people who had been exposed to HIV in the workplace. We found that PEP is safe, but that it is not 100% safe. The use of occupational PEP for treating people who have been in contact with HIV is based on evidence from a one-time dose of zidovudine taken four weeks after exposure to HIV. However, it is unlikely that such a trial will ever be done, so a four-week dose should be used as soon as possible after exposure, depending on the risks of HIV infection. There is no evidence to support using a three-drug regimen for PEP, especially one that includes indinavir. Due to the success of combination drugs in the treatment of HIV-infected patients, a three or four-drug dose should also be used for occupational treatment. More rigorous evaluation of side effects, especially in the developing world, are required.
The aim of this review was to assess the effectiveness of CBT for the management of chronic pain. CBT is a form of cognitive-behavioural therapy (CBT) that aims to change the way people think, feel, behave and think about the world around them. The aim was to find out if CBT could help people with chronic pain to cope with their pain and to reduce the severity of their pain. The review found that CBT had no effect on mood or pain immediately after the end of treatment, but there was some improvement in mood and pain at six months after treatment. There was no improvement in pain, pain, mood, mood and catastrophising immediately after treatment when compared with treatment as usual/waiting list, but all of these effects had disappeared by the time of follow-up. Behaviour therapy has weak effects in improving pain, but only in the short term (up to six months) and when comparing CBT to a waiting list. There is some benefit from CBT but not behaviour therapy for people with a long-term condition (more than six months). CBT has some effect on people's mood and mood, but not on pain or mood, and there is some evidence that this is maintained after six months. The quality of the studies has improved over time but the quality of treatments has not.
We searched for studies that had been carried out in any country in the world up to July 2016. We found 15 national initiatives, including more than 260,000 people, that met our criteria. None of the studies were from low- or middle-income or low-income countries. Ten of these had a large enough sample size (more than 64,000 participants) for us to be able to analyse their impact. Five of these showed a reduction in salt intake per person from pre-intervention to post-treatment, ranging from 1.15 grams/day less (Finland) to 0.35 grams per day less (Ireland). The other five showed an increase in salt (1.66 grams more and 0.80 grams more per person, both in the USA and in Switzerland), but in both of these, the results were from several years before the start of the intervention. The other three did not show a change. Seven of the 10 interventions had more than one component (e.g. food product reformulation, food procurement policy in a specific setting). Of those, four showed a decrease in salt in the range from Finland to Ireland, and one showed a change in salt from Switzerland to the USA. Nine of the 15 interventions provided results that could be used to compare salt intake by sex (men and women). For men, five interventions (Austria, China, Finland, France, UK, and USA) showed a drop in salt, four (Netherlands, Switzerland, USA, and UK) showed no change and one (Canada) showed an improvement in salt. For women, three interventions (Belgium, Italy, and France) had no change, three (Niederkorn, Austria, Netherlands, UK and USA), four (Switzerland, USA and UK), and two (Canada, United States) showed change. We did not find any change in mean salt consumption by other axes of equity, such as age, sex, education, and place of home. We identified no adverse effects of these interventions. We could not assess the quality of the evidence for the main measure of impact because of differences in the design of the randomised, quasi-randomised, cross-over studies (i.e. from one country to the other) that we found, as well as variation in the direction and size of the effect across the studies. We graded the quality as very low due to the risk of bias of the included studies and the wide range of results across them.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared any drug used to treat sleep bruxism in adults to a dummy drug (placebo) or to no treatment. We found only a few RCTs that had a small number of participants, ranging from seven to 16 people per study, and had a cross-over design. The drugs compared were amitriptyline, bromocriptine, clonidine, levodopa, propranolol, L-tryptophan and tryptophan. All drugs were compared with placebo (dummy drug). We did not find enough evidence to say whether any of the drugs were better than placebo for reducing the number of episodes with a loud noise, the intensity of the noise or the amount of time it took to get back to sleep. We also did not know if any drug was better than any other for the duration of sleep or for the pain intensity. The use of other drugs to reduce the number and duration of episodes of sleep was not found to be as good as the use of a medicine to stop the shaking and tingling of the hands and feet. Adverse events occurred often with the drugs, such as drowsiness, tiredness in the evening, sleepiness in the night and problems with waking up in the morning, insomnia or xerostomia. Clonidine caused low blood pressure in three of 16 people in the placebo group. There was not enough information to say if any medicine was better or worse than no medicine for the number or intensity of episodes or the time taken to go to bed. There is a need for more research in this area.
We included 10 studies with a total of 1015 adults with ARDS. All of the participants had ARDS and were in the ICU for at least 24 hours. We found that there may be little or no difference in all-cause death (death due to any cause) with the use of an immunonutrition enteral formula or additional supplements of omega-3 fatty acids and antioxidants. We are not sure whether the number of days spent on the ventilator or in ICU was increased with the addition of these fatty acids due to the very low quality of evidence. We also are not certain whether immunonutritons improved oxygenation (oxygenation is the amount of oxygen in the blood that comes from the lungs to the body) at day 4, or whether they increased side effects such as heart, gut, and gastrointestinal events. We assessed some of the studies as being at high risk of bias due to flaws in the way they were done. We rated the quality of the evidence as very low.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, multi-centre, cross-over, and quasi-composite controlled trials (RCTs) looking at the use of methods to ask people about their drug use in order to assess whether or not they had at least one AE. We found 33 RCTs comparing open questions with other types of questions (e.g. checklist-type questions or rating scales). We were able to combine the results of some of the trials in a meta-analysis, which showed that people who were asked specific questions led to more AEs than those who were only asked about their use of the drug. There was a risk that more severe, bothersome, or important AEs were reported when an initial open enquiry was used, while other AEs, such as those that are more severe or bothersome but that may be important to patients, were not reported when this method was used. However, the impact on the nature of the AE detected by different methods is not clear. The wide variety and low quality of the methods used in the trials to compare methods of asking the AEs of people in a RCT. This means that we were not able to draw conclusions about which method was the best to use.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, controlled, and quasi-experiments that assessed interventions to reduce the risk of SUDEP in adults with epilepsy. We found 582 records from databases and found 10 more by handsearching (searching). We found 364 records based on the title and abstract and assessed 17 full-text articles. We excluded 15 studies: eight of these did not assess interventions to prevent SUDEP; five of these used devices to detect GTCS but did not use them to prevent it; and two of these looked at risk factors for SUDEP but not interventions for preventing it. One study is still ongoing. We included one case-control study of 154 people with epilepsy who shared the same bedroom and 616 people who did not share the same room as each other. This study found that people who shared a bed with a supervising person had a lower risk of developing SUDEP when they did not have their own bed to sleep in at night and when special precautions, such as a listening device, were used to keep them awake at night. This effect was not found when the person supervising them was not in bed with them. The number of non-SUDEP deaths was not reported; changes to anxiety, depression, and quality of life were not assessed; and the number of people who were seen by a nurse during the day or in the night; and there was no information on the need for hospital admission. We judged the quality of the evidence to be very low for the use of night-time supervision to be a preventative treatment for people with seizures in the first 24 hours after the onset of the condition. Further research is needed to assess the effect of other interventions, for example seizure detection devices, safety pillows, antiepileptic drugs, anticonvulsant drugs, medication to reduce epileptic seizures, and sedatives, and educational programmes.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised, double blind, cross-over or quasi-blinded trials that compared autogenic drainage to any other recognised airway clearance technique in adults with cystic fibrosis. We included a total of 208 adults and children aged from seven to 63 years. The age of participants ranged between seven and 63 years with a wide range of age and severity of disease. The length of the studies ranged from four days to over two years. Six of the trials enrolled adults who were clinically stable, whilst one of them had a flare-up (exacerbation) that could have been due to an infection. All of the included trials were of different designs and had a range of participants. One study was of parallel design and the other six were of cross over (cross-over) in design. The number of people in each study ranged from 17 to 75 and the duration of the study was between four days and over a year. There was no evidence that any of the techniques used to clear the airway was better than any other. The most common outcome reported was the amount of air that was pumped out of the lungs in one second (known as forced expiratory volume in one (FEV1) which is a measure of lung function). Only three studies reported on quality of life and only one study reported on adverse events. One of the seven trials reported on the effects of exercise and described a drop in oxygen levels whilst performing an active cycle of breathing, which was not seen with autogenic drain but was not found to be associated with exercise. Six studies assessed sputum weight and six of these were measured as an outcome. There were no differences found in the outcomes of the different techniques used with respect to the outcomes, except that autogenic drains were described as being the preferred technique of the participants in one study over postural drainage and percussion. The studies were not large and were not designed to assess non-inferiority. The quality of the evidence was generally low or very low. The main reasons for downgrading the level of evidence were the frequent use of a cross over design, outcome reporting bias and the inability to blind people to the type of drainage they received.
This review found that CBT is effective in the short-term treatment of people with GAD. CBT was found to be more effective than other types of psychosocial therapy, such as non-CBT, in reducing the symptoms of GAD, and also in reducing anxiety, worry and depression. The body of evidence comparing CBT with other psychological therapy is small and heterogeneous, and so it is not possible to draw conclusions about which of these forms of therapy is better.
We included 12 trials (1,856 women) in this review. The trials were a mix of trials conducted in India, Jordan, UK, USA and Jordan. In five of the trials women had had three or more consecutive miscarriages and in the other trials, in the UK and USA, in women who had had two or more miscarriages. The duration of progestogen treatment varied across the trials. The majority of trials were at low risk of bias for most domains. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2016. The meta-analysis of all trials (1684 women) suggests that there may be a reduction in the number of miscarriages for women who have had a number of additional progestogens (progestogen) compared to placebo/controls (10 trials, 1684 women). However, we are uncertain about the effect on the rate of preterm birth (births that are less than 37 weeks of age) due to the very low quality of the evidence. There may be no clear benefit for live birth rate (i.e. the rate at which a baby is born alive and well) or low birthweight (weight less than or equal to less than 1500 g) and trials did not report on the secondary child outcomes of teratogenic effects or admission to a special care unit. No clear differences were seen for the other outcomes including neonatal death, birth defects or stillbirth. None of the randomised, quasi-randomised, placebo-controlled or non-placebo-controlled trials included in the analyses reported on any of the secondary maternal outcomes.
We found 14 randomised and quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs; a type of study in which people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 1298 women. Nine RCTs (704 women) compared the use of a psychosocial treatment to address drug use in mothers-to-be (CM) versus a control group, and five trials (594 women) assessed the effectiveness of the MIB approach. We did not find any studies that assessed other types of treatment. For the most part, we were not able to assess the risk of bias in the included studies as such information was not often reported. The included trials rarely looked at the health of the mother or her baby. For studies that did look at such outcomes, no difference was found in pre-term birth rates (pre-term births are births at less than 37 weeks of pregnancy), maternal toxicity at birth, or low birth weight (weight less than or equal to less than 1500 g at birth). However, the results did show that neonates stayed in hospital for longer days after birth in the CM group compared to the control group. There were no differences observed at the end of treatment in any of the studies in the rates of women who were still using drugs at the time of treatment, or in the rate of drug use. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. The evidence is up to date as of March 2016.
We identified 31 studies (44 reports) including 27,071 participants. The risk of bias in the studies was low or unclear for many aspects. Compared to the transfemoral approach, the transradial approach had a lower risk of short-term myocardial infarction (i.e. a heart event that occurred in the short term but not in the long term), heart death, death due to any cause, all-cause death, bleeding, and access site problems. Transradial treatment was associated with a greater number of patients who survived to complete the procedure, but had a greater risk of adverse events such as heart attack, stroke, and stroke-like events. There was no difference in the number of people who had a heart attack during the first month after the end of follow-up between the groups. There is not enough evidence to draw conclusions about long-term outcomes beyond 30 days of treatment.
We searched for evidence in July 2017 and found that there are very few high quality studies of palliative care interventions for people with advanced dementia. There are six ongoing studies and we expect to include these in future versions of this review. We did not pool data due to differences in the types of interventions and the settings in which they were carried out. Only one study (99 participants) looked at the effect of a paliferative care team for adults with advanced Alzheimer’s or other forms of dementia who were hospitalised for an acute illness. The palterative care plan was more likely to be developed for participants in the intervention group, but the plan was not used for all but two of the patients in the group while they were in hospital. We found no effect on the risk of death in hospital, decisions to forgo cardiopulmonary resuscitation in hospital or the clinical care provided during the time of admission, but for the former, event rates were low and for the latter, there was a lot of risk of bias. One study (256 participants) examined the impact of a decision aid on end-of-life feeding options on a group of people in a nursing home who were considered to be the'surrogate decision-makers' (i.e. those who do not have a formal role in the decision-making process but are considered a surrogate decision-maker) for the carer. In this group, intervention surrogates had lower scores for decisional conflict, and were more likely than those in the control group to discuss feeding options with a clinician, but imprecision meant that there was uncertainty about both results. Very little high quality work has been done in this area. There were only two studies in this review and both were at high risk of systematic error (ie, the study staff may have known which group the patient was in and this could have had an influence on the results). There is not enough high quality research in this field to draw any firm conclusions.
The aim of this review was to assess the effect of the use of RT or CT before RT for women with breast cancer in order to reduce the risk of recurrence and prolonging the life of women who have had surgery for breast cancer. Three well-conducted randomised trials (1166 randomised women) were included in this review. There were no differences in local recurrence-free, overall survival, relapse-free and metastasis-free survival based on the results of the trials. However, there was an increased risk of anaemia, telangiectasia and pigmentation in the RT group compared with the CT group. The risk of neutropenic sepsis was increased in women who had RT before CT compared with CT after RT, but other adverse events did not differ.
We included nine RCTs with a total of 622 adults (aged 18 years old and over) who were either overweight or obese. The trials compared CrP plus resistance or weight training with a dummy (fake) treatment (placebo), or CrP alone, or both. Three of the nine studies were carried out in the community and had a short- to medium-term follow up (up to 24 weeks). We found no evidence that one CrP dose was better than the other for body weight loss, body mass index (BMI) (a measure of body fat), body fat percentage, or change in waist size. No firm results were found for the effects of CrP on body weight, BMI, change in body fat, or waist height. Only three studies reported on side effects (adverse events) and we found that there were three serious side effects in 1000 µg CrP, one in 200 µg, and one in 400 µg. All three people had to stop taking CrP due to these side effects. No study reported on death from any cause, morbidity, health-related quality of life, or socioeconomic effects (such as changes in family income, employment, or health-based costs). The quality of evidence was low for all of the outcomes. The main reasons for this were imprecision and imprecise results.
We included 11 studies with a total of 886 participants in the review. These looked at a range of different antiseptic/antibiotic/anti-bacterial treatments compared with each other in a wide range of surgical wounds. Most studies were small and some did not use methods that could be analysed in a way that could help us to draw conclusions about the effectiveness of treatments. There was no evidence that any of the treatments was better than any other in terms of the time taken for wounds to heal or the length of time it took for them to heal. Where some information was found about the effects of treatments for wounds after surgery, it was based on only a few studies with small numbers of people. This means it is likely or very likely that further research will have an effect on our confidence in the results and may change these results.
We included five randomised studies with a total of 1049 women in this review. Three of the five studies evaluated the use of terbutaline tocolysis and one each of hexoprenaline, intramuscular progesterone and choice of high or low puncture sites for late 'blind' puncture site for CVS, each of which was evaluated in a single study. There was no clear evidence that any of these techniques were of benefit for any of them. Overall, the quality of evidence was not high enough to change current practice. In the absence of clear evidence, operators should continue to use methods and technique modifications with which they are most used.
We included 10 randomised and non-RCTs, non-randomised studies, and interrupted time series (ITS) (one study with a total of 2,242,438 participants). Six studies were from upper- and lower-middle-income countries (e.g. China, Mexico, South Africa), one was from a low- and middle-income country (Bangladesh), and three were from a high-income (i.e. in the USA, UK, and Canada) country. Seven studies compared wheat flour fortified with folic acid alone or with other micronutrients with unfortified flour. Three of these included maize flour. The duration of the interventions ranged from two weeks to 36 months, and the ITS studies included postfortified periods of up to seven years. None of the included RCTs assessed the risk of birth defects in the brain or in the spinal cord (anencephaly), and none of the non-rCTs looked at the number of babies with brain or spinal cord problems (neural tube defects). In one non-trial, wheat flour fortified with folate was found to be associated with a lower risk of total neural tube defects, spina bifida, and encephalocoele, but not anencephals. In the other non-study, serum folate levels were higher in the blood in the first three months of life in the women who had folate-fortified maize porridge compared to those who did not, but there was no effect on haemoglobin or anaemia (low levels of red blood cell count) in the children. Adults who had higher levels of erythrocyte folate and plasma folate in their blood compared to adults who had unfortify wheat flour. There was no clear effect of fortified wheat flour flatbread on the amount of anaemia in children. Most of the evidence was of very low- or low-certainty, which means that we are very uncertain about the results. The certainty of evidence ranged from very low to low. The evidence is up-to-date as of July 2018.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of screening in newborns with CF. We found six RCTs involving 1,124,483 neonates (210 with CF) with a follow-up of 17 years. We did not find any trials that compared screening with no screening. At age seven, 88% of screened and 75% of controls had lung function tests that were at least 89% predicted. Severe malnutrition was less in the screened group than in the control group. Over time, chest X-rays were worse in screened participants. Results were no longer clear when we adjusted for genotype, pancreatic status, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa-culture results. Screening seems to be less cost-effective than the use of a blood test.
We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a mean age of 4.5 years. A total of 7314 people with diabetes and high blood pressure were included in the five RCTs. Only one of the trials (ACCORD) compared 'lower' < 120 mmHg target with the'standard' target (which is based on clinical guidelines) in 4734 participants. The other four trials (ABCD-H, ABCD-N, HOT, and a subgroup of HOT) looked at the effect of lower target blood pressure for diastolic blood pressure (the top of the blood pressure range) in people with high blood blood pressure and diabetes. There was no difference in the risk of stroke (1.1%), myocardial infarction (0.5%), or heart failure (2.0%) in the group that achieved the lower blood pressure target, but there was a trend to lower non-cardiac deaths in the target group. The number of people who had a stroke was 1.1% in the lower target group compared with 0.5% for the standard target group, but the risk was 2.0% more than in the control group. People who achieved the 'lower' target had more serious adverse events than those who did not achieve the target. None of the other outcomes, such as end-stage renal failure or death from any cause, were reported in any of the studies. The quality of evidence was low for all of the outcomes. The risk of bias was high for all outcomes.
This review found that non-removable casts are more likely to heal plantar foot ulcers than removable casts, or dressages alone. When combined with an Achilles tendon lengthening cast, the use of a non-revolving cast was found to be more effective in the healing of ulcers.
We found five RCTs (involving 235 women with breast cancer who had received breast cancer surgery for any type of cancer. All five studies had a high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions due to the way that the study was run and the way in which participants were put into treatment groups) and were judged by the authors to be of low to very low quality. We were not able to pool data for our main outcome of interest, cognitive function, as there were too few studies to be able to do so. However, we found that people who received a type of training called 'compensation' who were on a 'wait-list' (a wait-list is a group that is put on a waiting list for treatment but does not receive treatment) for their cancer but did not seem to have a greater effect on their physical well-being or on their mental well-ness than those who did not receive the training. People who received the training also seemed to be more satisfied with their quality of life. We could not draw any conclusions about the effects of the other non-drug-based interventions described in this review. There is a need to conduct more research in other cancer groups, such as people with other types of cancer, in order to find out if any of these non-pharmacological treatments can help people with cancer to cope with life after cancer surgery.
We included five trials, all from the 1970s, randomising 343 people with schizophrenia, in this review. We excluded one trial due to poor reporting of the methods used in the trials. We found that chlorpromazine and piperacetazine appear to be similar in terms of effectiveness and side effects. There was no clear difference between the two drugs with regards to the number of people who were rated as 'good' or'very good' at the end of treatment. Chlorpromazine was no worse or better than Piperacetazine regarding side effects, with around 60% of people in both groups having at least one side effect. About 40% of participants in both treatment groups had some type of movement disorder. No clear difference was found between the drugs in the numbers of patients who dropped out of the study for any reason. No trial reported data for change in negative symptoms or economic costs. The quality of the evidence was very low and we were not able to draw any firm conclusions from such data. More high quality research is needed.
Five randomised trials were identified with a total of 207 participants, 102 to colorectal stent placement and 105 to emergency surgery. There was no difference in the 30-day death rate between the two groups. The 30 day mortality rate was similar, 2.3% in both groups. However, there was a higher success rate in the emergency surgery group. The average time of relief of blockage was 0.66 day in the colonic stent group and was 3.55 days in the other group. Injections of a stent were successful in 86.02% of attempted stent placements. The stent was removed in 2.13% of cases and the stent had to be re-inserted in 5.88% of the cases. The risk of stent perforation was 5.8% in the colic group and 2.2% in that of the group that had an open stent. The number of stents that were removed and returned to the body was 2.0% in emergency surgery and 1.7% in colonic group. There were no differences in complication rates between the groups. Overall, complication rate was 39.22% in hospitalised group and 45.71% in those who had an endoscopy. The mean length of time spent in hospital was 11.53 days in hospitalized group and 17.15 days in ambulance-based group, the mean procedure/operating time was 113.93 hours in the hospitalised and 143.85 minutes in the ambulant group and the mean blood loss was 350 ml. The use of colic stents seems to have no advantage over the use of emergency surgery in the malignancy of the colon. The results showed that emergency surgery was as safe and as safe as the stents.
We included nine RCTs (1867 women) in this review. The evidence was of very low to very low quality. The main limitations were imprecision, poor reporting of the methods used in the trials, and a lack of data on live birth rates. We found that the use of HES or HES, or mannitol, or both, may reduce rates of OHSS in women at high risk for OHSS. There was no evidence of an effect on pregnancy rates. However, there was evidence that human albumin and HES may reduce the risk of developing OHSS, and there was no effect on the number of pregnancies. Adverse events appeared to be uncommon, but were too poor to reach any firm conclusions and there were no reports of live birth. The use of these drugs should not be done in all women, as there are too few trials to be sure that they are safe and effective.
We found 10 studies involving 484 people with telangiectasias of the lower limbs. There was no evidence that any one sclerosant was better than any other, but there was some evidence that sclerotherapy was superior to placebo (sclerotherapy is a type of treatment in which the patient is put on a liquid that is not used to treat the sclerosis) and that patients were more satisfied with scleroscopy than with placebo. We found that polidocanol (an antifungal drug) was more likely to cause side effects than other drugs, and that sodium tetradecyl sulfate (a type of sclerose agent) caused more side-effects than other agents. We did not find that any of the drugs were better than placebo, but they were all better than normal saline. We also found that hypertonic saline (a drug that has a high concentration of sodium) causes more pain than the other drugs. However, we found that no one drug was worse than the others. The quality of the research was poor, and many of the results were imprecise. More research is needed to find the best agent(s) and the best dosing to achieve the best results.
We included a total of seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 241 adults (aged 18 years and over) with a mean age of over 60 years who had been diagnosed with hyperkalaemia due to high blood potassium levels in the blood. All of the patients were followed up for at least 60 hours. The main aim of the RCTs was to find out if any of the drugs used to treat the symptoms of high potassium levels were better than a fake drug (placebo) for preventing death or heart arrhythmias (joint pain and tingling in the hands and feet) or improving heart rate and blood pressure. We found that salbutamol via any route and insulin-dextrose appear to be the drugs that reduce the levels of low blood potassium. Intravenous (IV) and nebulised (injecting the drug via a nebulizer or a metered-dose (MDI) inhaler) treatment were found to be as effective as any other drug in reducing the level of low potassium. There was no evidence that any drug was better than any other in improving heart and lung function. None of the included studies evaluated the effect of IV calcium or potassium binding resins in the treatment of high blood levels of these drugs. The use of other drugs to treat high blood concentrations of potassium in the body has not been tested in randomised clinical trials.
We included 39 randomised, quasi-randomised, and quasi-experimental studies, enrolling 4216 patients in this review. The overall risk of bias was low or very low in most of the studies. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2018. Antibiotic and non-antibiotic lock solutions are used to seal the CVC to prevent blood clots in HD catheters. The risk of a blood clot in the catheter is low and the risk of thrombosis is low. Antimicrobiotic and combined (antibiotics and non antibiotics) lock solutions decreased the incidence of CRI compared to control lock solutions, but the effect on the number of clots is not clear. Other types of lock solutions have not been tested in this way. The safety of the use of these types of solutions is not known. We are not able to draw conclusions about their use in HD due to the lack of data. More research is needed to confirm the effectiveness and safety of these solutions.
We found 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing pre-emptive therapy with placebo (pretend treatment) or standard care in 1098 people who had received a liver or other organ transplant. Six of the 15 RCTs looked at treatment of CMV when CMV had occurred (standard care), eight looked at the use of antiviral prophylaxis (antiviral drugs to treat CMV) to prevent CMV, and one study looked at giving intravenous (into a vein) or oral (into the blood) preemptive treatment. Pre-emptives were found to be more likely to reduce the risk of developing CMV (6 out of 288 patients with CMV and 3 out of 176 with no CMV disease) but not acute rejection (3 out of 185 patients with no acute rejection or all-cause deaths) or death. There was no difference in the risks of graft loss (graft loss is when the organ fails to heal after a liver transplant) or infection other than CMV. The risk of leucopenia (scarring of the white blood cells) was significantly less with pre-etective therapy than with placebo. Other adverse events did not differ significantly or were not reported. There were no clear benefits or harms of pre-ets in terms of the number of patients who developed CMV-free liver transplants, graft loss, acute rejection, death from any cause or infection. The quality of the studies was moderate to high. Only one RCT was of high risk of bias, which means that participants and staff were not aware of whether they were in the study or not, and this may have had an influence on the results.
We included three RCTs with a total of 140 people with type 2 diabetes mellitus aged 18 years of age and older. All three studies were performed by the same trialist. The trials compared the use of sweet potato preparations with placebo (fake or no treatment) and lasted from six weeks to five months. The results showed that sweet potato was better than placebo in terms of glycosylated haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c - a type of protein in the blood that indicates the amount of glucose that can be passed from the blood to the body and which is thought to regulate blood sugar levels) at 3 to 5 months with 4 g/day sweet potato compared to placebo. No serious side-effects were reported. The risk of bias of these trials was unclear or high. Diabetic complications and morbidity, death from any cause, health-related quality of life, well-being, functional outcomes and costs were not investigated. Overall, there is not enough information to draw any firm conclusions about the effectiveness of sweet potatoes for the treatment of type 2 diabetics.
We included 19 studies with a total of 440 people with cystic fibrosis aged from six to 63 years of age. The age of the people in the studies ranged from six months to three years. Most of the studies were of short-term (one to three year) or cross-over (three months to one year) length of time, which means that we were not able to assess the effects of the intervention on quality of life, exercise tolerance, lung function, sputum weight, oxygen levels, or pulmonary flare-ups (flare-ups) as these were only measured in the short term. However, there were two long-term studies with follow up of one- to three-year duration that looked at the effect of the treatment on lung function and the number of pulmonary exacerbations. There was no difference between the active cycle of breathing technique alone or in conjunction with other airway-cleansing treatments such as autogenic drainage, airway oscillation devices, high-frequencies chest compression, and positive expiratory pressure. People’s preference for the type of treatment varied, and more people preferred autogenial drainage over the treatment with active breathing technique, but more people were found to be able to breathe out through the airways with the use of airways oscillating devices and more were able to do so with high-frequency (high-pitched) chest compression. Overall, there is not enough evidence to recommend or not to use active breathing techniques over any other type of airway clearance therapy for people with CF. Most studies did not report on key quality items, and therefore, have an unclear risk of bias in terms of the way they were done and were not blinded (i.e. participants and staff were not aware of which treatment was being used). However, most of the trials had adequate follow up, assessed compliance, and used an intention-to-treat analysis.
We found eight RCTs with 733 women in total that compared brief co-incubation of sperm and oocytes with the use of standard insemination. Live birth was not reported in any of the trials. The low quality of the evidence showed that there were 127 ongoing pregnancies in two trials including 426 women. Measuring the clinical pregnancy rate, there were 93 clinical pregnancies in three trials with 372 women in the short-term (less than 24 hours) and long-term trials (more than 48 hours) of incubation. There were six miscarriages in one trial with 167 women. This low quality evidence showed no difference in the odds of miscarriage between the brief-coubation method and the standard overnight insemination method. This review has shown that brief coubation may be an option for infertile women who are not able to have a baby on their own. More RCT studies are required to assess whether brief incubation would contribute to a higher live birth rate and a lower miscarriage rate.
This review found that babies born with a long IT have a greater risk of air leaks and death than those born with short ITs. Babies born with long ITs were more than twice as likely to die before the end of the first week of life. The risk of BPD (bronchodilator-procedure-discharge syndrome) was not reduced by the use of a short IT.
We found 33 randomised, quasi-randomised, controlled trials (RCTs) comparing TFU with no TFU in 5110 adults and children aged 18 years of age and older. The TFU was performed by health care providers in many patient groups. There is a large range of ways in which TFU has been carried out. Many different outcomes have been measured, but only a few were measured across more than one study. Overall, TFU does not seem to have an effect on many of the outcomes that we looked at. However, although some of the studies found that the TFU had favourable effects for some outcomes, overall the results show that TFU is no more or less effective than control groups. No side-effects of TFU were found in the RCTs.
We found 38 randomised, quasi-randomised and quasi-blind controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at ways to improve the number of people who came back to the trial sites for trial follow-up. Most of the RCTs looked at whether people who were asked to complete a questionnaire were more or less likely to come back than those who were not asked to do so. We found that people who received a monetary incentive (e.g. a GBP20 or GBP10 voucher) were more than twice as likely to do as well as those who did not receive a reward for completing a questionnaire. There was no evidence that a telephone survey was better or worse than a questionnaire or a non-monetary incentive. We did not find evidence that any of the other ways to help people come back to trial sites were better than other ways of making sure that they did come back. Some of these are based on the results of a trial that was based on only one trial. For example, recorded delivery of questionnaires seemed to be more effective than telephone reminders and a 'package' of letters with reminder letters appeared to be a better way of doing it than a 'blind' (i.e. a study in which people are not aware of whether or not they have been asked to return to the study site) method. However, there was no good evidence that the use of charity donations, 'enhanced' letters, letters delivered by priority post, reminders to the site and when a questionnaire is sent, increased or decreased the amount of time that people took to complete the questionnaire compared with other methods. As our results are based only on one trial, it is not clear whether the effect on whether people came back or not is the same for all of the methods. There is no evidence to support for the idea that shorter questionnaires are better than longer questionnaires and the effect for questionnaires that are relevant to the patient’s condition was not clear.
We included eight RCTs that involved a total of 829 adults (416 in the pLMA and 413 in the Classic laryngeal mask airway group, and 829 in the cLMA group). We identified six cross-over (cross-over is a type of study in which participants are put into one of two or more treatments groups at the same time) studies that are still in progress. We are uncertain about the effects of either of the airway devices in terms of failure of oxygenation or ventilate because there were very few events. Data show no differences between the devices with regard to failure to insert the device, use of an alternate device, mucosal injury, sore throat, bronchospasm, gastric insufflation, regurgitation, coughing, and excessive leak. Data were not sufficient to allow us to draw conclusions about the risk of obstruction due to the device. None of the studies reported postoperative nausea and vomiting as an outcome. The quality of evidence for all outcomes, as assessed by the GRADE score, is low. This is due to issues related to blinding and imprecision.
We found 19 RCTs, published in 27 papers, with a total of 1453 children aged from four to 18 years from eight different countries. The mean age at the time of enrolment ranged from 6.3 years to 13.1 years. Girls outnumbered boys in most trials. Fourteen of the trials included children with RAP or RAP, and five of these included only children with irritable bowel syndrome (i.e. children who have symptoms that are not caused by a cause other than the cause of RAP). The other studies were of probiotics, fibre-based interventions, low FODMAP (fermentable oligosaccharide, disaccharides, monosacchides and polyols) diets, and fructose-restricted diets. We found that children treated with probiotics were more than twice as likely to have less pain at zero to three months after the end of treatment than those who were given a fake medicine (placebo) or placebo. However, we found that there was no improvement in pain at three to six months after treatment in the probiotics group compared to the placebo group. We judged the evidence for these outcomes to be of low quality due to a lack of data, imprecision, and differences in the design of the studies. We were not able to perform any meta-analyses for secondary outcomes such as school performance, quality of life, social or psychological functioning, or school-based outcomes. We also found that small numbers of children were included in the studies, which means that it was not possible to pool the results. We did find that probiotics given to children with a specific to RAP were more likely to improve their pain than those given a pretend medicine (fake medicine) at the same time point, but we judged the quality of evidence for this outcome to be low due to the lack of information. There was also no reduction in pain in children who received probiotics compared to those who received a fake medication. We could not draw any conclusions about the effects of other types of probiotic treatment, such as probiotics or fibre, as there were too few children in the included studies. There were no studies of low-FODMAP diets or of fructose-restrictive diets, which we could not combine in a meta-analysis. The evidence is up to date to May 2017.
We found 22 randomised, quasi-randomised trials (RCTs; a type of study in which people are assigned to a group by a method other than a random method) with 4490 participants. All were from middle- and low-income countries, and 19 of the 22 RCTs had results that could be used to analyse. Most of the studies had a high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way the trial was run and the way it was carried out). Findings from the five large trials (n = 1196) showed mixed results for the effect of mass media on the level of prejudice. The studies varied in terms of the type of intervention, the number of participants and the length of time that the interventions were in place. The results from the three large, well-conducted, long-term (12 months or more) trials (393 people) showed that mass media may have a small to medium effect in decreasing prejudice, and are equivalent to a range of levels of prejudice from that of schizophrenia to that of depression. Data on the cost of interventions were only available for three trials (416 people) and did not address the cost-effectiveness of interventions. Only two studies ( 802 and 802, both of which were from the USA) looked at the same types of interventions and found no evidence of an effect. Two studies (455 and 455, both from the UK) reported on side effects, and neither found any. Overall, the quality of the evidence was low to very low, which means that we are very uncertain about the effects of the interventions. There is a need for more research in this area. Such research should use robust methods, use good quality methods and be less reliant on people other than students.
We searched for studies that had been done in any language and took place in any country in the world up to May 2015. We found 85 relevant and well-conducted randomised, double-blind, cross-over, multicentre and cross-delivered studies. We included studies from 41 countries, including eight high-income, 18 middle-income and 15 low-income countries, in rural, urban and semi-urban settings. Forty-six studies looked at the views and experiences of healthy pregnant or post-pregnant women, 17 looked at women’s views and the views of healthcare providers, and 22 looked at views of both women and healthcare providers. The evidence is up-to-date as of April 2015. For women, whether they use ANC for the first time depends on a perception that doing so will be a ‘good’ experience. This is a result of good-quality local services that are not dependent on the payment of informal fees (e.g. informal fees are fees that can be paid by people who do not have a formal role in the health system) and that allow staff to take the time and resources needed to give the best care for the woman and her baby, as and when they need it. Whether they continue to use ANC or not also depends on their experience of ANC when they use it for the very first time. For healthcare providers to provide the kind of high-quality, relationship-based, community-based ANC that is likely to be good for women and good for the health of the baby, they need the resources and the time to do so, as well as the staff time and time to give a good service. They need to respect the kind, caring staff who make good links with the community, who can recognise and respond to complications when they arise, and who have the skills to do their job well, so that they do not need to ask for money from women and their families, to supplement their income, or to help them to pay for essential supplies. They also need to have the time, resources and staff to give women and staff the right kind of care, and to give them the information and safety that they need. This review has identified key barriers and facilitators to the uptake (or not) of ANC by women, and in the use of good quality ANC by health providers.
The aim of this review was to assess the benefit and harm of the use of these drugs in patients with aneurysmal SAH. Sixteen trials, involving 3361 patients, were included in the review; three of these trials used a drug called magnesium sulphate in addition to nimodipine. Calcium antagonists reduced the risk of poor outcome and secondary ischaemia in patients after SAH with a hole in the brain caused by a blood clot. The risk of death from any cause was less than half that of patients who did not receive the drugs. The results for 'poor outcome' are based on one large, well-designed, and well-travelled trial of a drug that is currently used as a first-line drug in the treatment of patients with SAH and is not available in other parts of the world. Intravenous administration of the drugs is not recommended on the basis of the evidence.
We found three RCTs with a total of 739 patients. The age cut-off point for the age of one year was used for pre-treatment risk stratification in all three of the studies. All three of these studies used myeloablative therapy in the treatment of patients with high-risk neuroblastoma. The results showed that myelosuppressive treatment was better than no treatment in terms of event-free survival (i.e. time to death from any cause) and overall survival in favour of myelotrophs over conventional chemotherapy or no further treatment. There was no evidence of an effect on survival when the results of follow-up of the patients were added to the analyses. No conclusion can be made regarding side-effects and quality of life, although higher levels of side effects should be kept in mind. All studies had some limitations in the way they were carried out. Therefore it is not possible to draw conclusions about the best treatment for patients with a high risk of this type of brain tumour. The best way to answer these questions is to conduct a large, well-designed, long-term trial.
We included eight trials with a total of 632 adults with unresectable hepatocellular carcinoma. The mean age of participants ranged from 16 years to 78 years. The proportion of men ranged from 60% to 75% and the percentage of people with stage II or stage III liver cancer ranged from 22% to 85%. Follow-up ranged from 2 months to 38 months. We found that TACE followed by 3-DCRT compared with TACE alone may reduce the risk of death from any cause at three years after the end of follow-up (low-certainty evidence). We also found that there may be fewer deaths due to any cause in the TACE group and more tumour shrinkage and growth of the tumour, despite the increased risk of bilirubin (a protein in the blood that indicates the presence of a tumour in the liver) and leukopenia (a drop in the number of white blood cells) and serum transaminases (transaminases are proteins that help the blood to clot) in TACE groups. We are uncertain about the effect of TACE on serious adverse events and quality of life due to the lack of available data. None of the trials reported any serious side-effects. The quality of evidence was low to very low. All eight trials were at high risk of bias (ie, there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions due to play of chance), and we rated the certainty of evidence as low or very low for all outcomes.
The aim of this Cochrane review was to assess the effects of increasing the amount of milk fed to preterm infants with CLD/BPD. The aim was to determine whether this would have an effect on the number of deaths and other important outcomes in this group of infants. No randomised controlled trials were found that looked at this topic. However, one study did find that infants who were fed a high amount of protein and minerals (parenteral nutrition) who were followed up for three months after the end of the intervention had improved growth. The other study looked at the effect of increasing milk feed and/or fluid volume. It showed that both groups were unable to achieve the pre-designated feed volumes and that there were no differences in growth, lung function, oedema (swelling) and diuretic (diuretic) requirements between the groups. To date, no randomised trials have been found that look at the effectiveness of increasing energy intake for preterm babies with (or with) CLD or BPD.
We included 13 studies with a total of 2341 patients in this review. Most of the studies were at high risk of bias, which means that their results may be imprecise. For the subclavian vein, we found that the risk of accidental puncture of the artery and of haematoma (blood clot) formation was reduced by the use of ultrasound, but there was no difference in the number of times the catheters had to be re-inserted or in the time it took to insert the catheter. There was no evidence of a difference in total or other adverse events, the overall risk of death, the need for a repeat catheter or for a second time, or the time taken to put the cathetter in place. The results for the femoral vein were less clear. We found that success on the first attempt was more likely with ultrasound, and that there was a small increase in the overall success rate. There were no data on death or on patient-reported outcomes. The quality of evidence was low or very low for most of the outcomes, and moderate for one outcome (femoral vein) and high at best for the other. The main reasons for this were imprecision and inconsistency.
Fifteen studies were included in this review. Four studies, 29 people, used an intravenous infusion; seven, 131 patients, used a conventional oral form; four, 1456 people, use a controlled-release form; and one study of 181 people used a verum skin patch. Intravenous infusion  There are no usable results from the trials of the intravenous treatment. There are also no data from the studies of the oral form, which is a form of the drug that is usually taken by mouth (e.g. by mouth only) and which has a short half-life (four to eight weeks). The results from these trials show no benefit of physostigmine compared with placebo. The best dose of this drug (33 mg/day) was found to be better than placebo at 12 weeks, but at the same dose (5.7mg/day), there were more people who dropped out of the trial due to adverse events and suffering at least one event of nausea, vomiting, diarrhoea, anorexia, dizziness, stomach pain, flatulence or sweating compared with the placebo group at 6 weeks. There were more participants in the fixed dose of 33 mg per day (24 weeks) and more participants who withdrew from the study due to side-effects and who were not able to take the drug at 24 weeks. When no attempt was made to find out if there was a group of people who responded to treatment with this drug in the pre-randomized trial, there was no difference in the number of patients who took the drug or the placebo in the same time period. There was no improvement on the ADAS-Cog score at 6, 12, or 24 weeks for any of the three types of treatment. In the controlled-dose form, the results from only apply to a small group of participants who had been included in the trial in a period before the start of treatment (prior to randomization) and were not known to have been treated with the drug before that time. The double dose (delivering mean dose 12 mg a day) was associated with significantly higher numbers of patients with a side-effect of vomiting, nausea, or abdominal cramps, and the lower dose (mean dose 5.7 mg daily) was linked to a higher rate of side-side-effect and to a greater risk of having a stomach cramp. Both the higher dose and lower dose of the same drug were linked to higher rates of side effects and to more side effects. The results of the trials comparing the two types of controlled-freeze-dissipation (where the drug is slowly released from the skin) did not show any benefit of this form of treatment for patients with Alzheimer's disease.
We included 13 trials involving a total of 16,112 participants. Eleven of the 13 trials included participants with a history of heart disease, and in one trial, participants had a mix of heart and stroke disease. We judged overall risk of bias to be moderate. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. The trials showed that fibrates can be effective in the secondary prevention of stroke, non-fatal heart attack, and vascular death. The risk of death from any cause was not reduced by the use of fibrate drugs. There was no increase in adverse events with fibranes compared to control. The use of clofibrate (a drug that was stopped in 2002 due to its unacceptably large side-effects) was not found to be an important risk factor for stroke or heart attack. The effect of the fibrine class on the risk of heart attack was similar in people with and out of the same age, with the same type of stroke and type of heart problems, and the same risk of all-cause deaths. The quality of the evidence was moderate.
We found 12 trials involving 3285 healthy women at low risk of excessive bleeding who had either a planned CS (nine trials, 2453 women) or a birth that was not planned (three trials, 832 women) and all of them had a healthy baby. All of the studies were of mixed quality. The risk of blood loss greater than 400 mL or 500 mL and more than 1000 mL was less in women who had had a CS but not in those who had given birth by caesarean section (two trials, 559 women). The effect of TA on blood loss of 500 mL or 400 mL was more pronounced in the group of women having a caesarian birth than in those having a CS. Mean blood loss (from the time of birth up to one hour after birth) was lower in the women who received TA compared with those who did not have TA (five trials, 1186 participants) and this effect was the same after birth and CS (five randomised, double-blind, placebo-based studies, 2093 women). There was no difference in the risk of needing to give blood transfusions. Mild side effects such as nausea, vomiting, dizziness and dizziness were more common with the use of TA. There is not enough evidence to draw conclusions about serious side effects, but there is an increase in the number of minor side effects with the addition of TA to uterotonics (such as dizziness, nausea, and abdominal pain). The effects of TA for the treatment of thromboembolic events such as well as its use in high-risk women should be investigated further.
We found 12 studies (2494 participants: 1586 children and 908 people over the age of 18 years of age, with a mean age of over 18 years. We found that amantadine was effective in preventing influenza A in all but one study (773 children) and reducing the risk of flu in children from 10 per 100 to less than one per 100. The risk in the control group was 38 per 100 and in the group of children with flu, 14 per 100; the corresponding risk was 7 per 100 in adults. There was no evidence of adverse effects caused by treatment with any of the drugs. We did not find any data on the use of the drug amantdine in the elderly. The quality of evidence was low and the quality of the results were imprecise. We were not able to draw any conclusions about the safety of the treatment because we did not know if the drug was well-treatable or not.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1512 women in this Cochrane review. Most of these women had not been able to get pregnant in the past and were in the early stages of IVF or IUI. In seven of the RCTs the women were undergoing IUI and in the other two trials the participants were trying to conceive via sex. Eight of the trials compared endometrial injury with no intervention or a'sham' (pretend) endometric surgery (placebo) or no surgery at all. One of these trials also compared an IUI cycle prior to IUI with the same one in which the IUI was done. One trial compared higher vs. a sham endometry. We are not able to say whether endometral injury improves live birth/ongoing pregnancy rates as the quality of the evidence has been assessed as very low (risk ratio (RR) 2.22, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.56 to 3.15; six trials, 950 women). When we restricted the analysis to studies at low risk of bias the effect was imprecise and the results remained of very low quality. Endometric injury may improve the chance of live birth and clinical pregnancy rates, however the evidence is of low or very low. When we compared hysteroscopy with endometrioscopy alone, there was no evidence of a difference in ongoing pregnancy rate or in the number of women who became pregnant. This study did not report the primary outcome of pain during the surgery. When endometria were cut in the same way in the cycle before IUI compared to the same period of time after IUI, no difference was found in the probability of pregnancy or in clinical pregnancy rate. Neither of these two trials reported the main outcomes of pain in the women. In all three of the comparisons there was evidence of no effect on the risk of miscarriage, ectopic (pregnant) pregnancy or multiple pregnancy. None of the studies reported whether or not there was any effect on bleeding after the endometrium was cut. It is not possible to draw any conclusions from these results as there were too few women in the included in the studies. Further well-conducted trials with large numbers of women are required to confirm or refute these findings. The quality of evidence was low or moderate for all outcomes. The main reasons we downgraded the evidence were most of the included studies were at a high risk of systematic error and had an overall low level of precision (i.e. there was a chance of arriving at wrong conclusions because of the way the study was done).
We included four RCTs with a total of 3905 adults (aged 18 years and over) who had been in a nursing home for at least six months. All four studies were at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way that the study was run and performed). The studies all looked at one comparison: professional oral care versus usual care. We did not pool the results from one study (N = 834 participants), which was stopped at the time of analysis due to lack of a clear difference between groups. We were not able to conclude whether or not professional care resulted in a lower rate of new episodes of pneumonia in nursing homes compared with usual care over an 18-month follow-up period. There was low-risk of death due to pneumonia due to any cause in the first 24 months after the end of the study, and we were uncertain about the risk of death from any cause when measured at 24 months. Only one study assessed the adverse effects of the interventions. The study found no serious events and 64 non-serious events, the most common of which were dental stains and tooth cavities. We found no high-risk-of-bias (a type of bias that can lead to overestimation of benefits and under-estimates of harms) in any of the four studies. We rated the quality of the evidence as low or very low for all outcomes. This means that further research is likely to have an effect on our confidence in the estimate of effect and may change the estimate.
We found five RCTs (149 patients) comparing budesonide (9 mg/day for 6 to 8 weeks) and mesalazine (2.4 g/day) with or without cholestyramine and beclometasone dipropionate (5 mg or 10 mg per day or both) versus placebo in patients with active lymphocytic colitis. Bismuth subsalicylate (nine 262 mg tablets daily for 8 weeks versus placebo) was compared with placebo in five out of the five patients in the study comparing bismuth to placebo. There were no differences between the two groups in terms of clinical or histological improvement at 8 weeks and 12 months of treatment. The only side effect reported was nausea, which was seen in one patient in the mesalazepine group. Adverse events reported in the budonide studies were nausea, vomiting, neck pain, abdominal pain, headache, rash and rash. Nausea and skin rash were reported as side effects in the mesalazine study. Side effect events in the other studies were sleepiness, dizziness and change of mood. No side effect events were found in the placebo group. The overall quality of evidence was low to very low due to lack of blinding (patients and their carers are not aware of whether or not they are in the treatment group or not) and a very small sample size.
We included 12 trials with a total of 3259 patients with type 2 diabetes who were randomised to self-monitoring of blood or urine blood glucose or both. The duration of the studies ranged from 6 months (26 weeks) to 12 months (52 weeks). Nine of the trials compared SMBG with usual care, one of them was a three-armed study, one was a one-armed trial comparing SMBG and SMUG with the usual care and one study was a two-armed, three-arm and a four-armed randomised trial, all of which had a low risk of bias (low risk of play of chance) for most of the outcomes. We found that patients with a duration of one year or more who are not on insulin for at least six months had a lower HbA1c at up to six months follow-up in the SMBG group compared to the control group, yet this effect was not seen after 12 months. We also found that there was no effect on overall well-being and quality of life. There were few data on the effects on other outcomes and these effects were not significant. None of the included trials looked at the risk of death from any cause. Quality of life was not reported in any of the 12 trials. We concluded that when the duration of self-medicine was over one year, there was a small effect of SMBG on glycaemic (blood sugar) control in the first six months after initiation and this effect subsides after one year. Based on a best-evidence synthesis, there is no evidence that SMBG affects patient satisfaction, general well-quality of life or general health-related (health-related) health.
We found 11 studies involving 471 adults with AsPD, although data were available from only five of these, with a total of 276 participants, for the main outcomes of this review (aggression, risk of re-offending, relapse, drug use, relapse and relapse). Most of the studies were of poor quality and had a high risk of bias, which means that their results may not be valid. There was not enough evidence to support the use of any treatment for adults with AsPD. Only three interventions (contingency management plus maintenance; CBT plus treatment as usual; and the ‘Driving Whilst Intoxicated’ program) were found to be effective in reducing the risk of relapse or reoffending in at least one study. Each of these interventions had been developed for people with substance use problems. No study found that any specific antisocial behaviour changed. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found 11 randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, cross-over, placebo-based clinical trials (RCTs) comparing the use of antibiotics for the common cold or for persisting acute purulent rhinitis in adults and all ages. Six RCTs contributed to one or more of the analyses in the meta-analysis, with up to 1047 adults and five trials in children. One RCT in adults contributed to data on adverse events and one in all ages, but it did not report any results that could be used in meta-analyses. There was no evidence of benefit from using antibiotics to treat the symptoms of common cold in adults. There is an increased risk of side-effects in adults when antibiotics are used for the treatment of fever and for persistence of symptoms in children or adults. Antibiotics are not safe for adults and for all ages when used to treat fever and persistency in the acute stage of the condition. Routine use of antibiotic drugs for these conditions is not recommended.
We included five trials (162 patients) in this review. The age range of participants ranged from 12 to 77 years; most of them were aged between 12 and 77 years. The mean PASI score at the end of treatment ranged from 5.7 (i.e. mild) to 23 points in four of the five trials. We did not perform a meta-analysis due to heterogeneity of participants' characteristics and interventions. None of the trials assessed our primary outcome, time-to-resolution, or risk of having at least one relapse at long-term follow-up. One three-armed trial assessed penicillin (50,000 international units (IU)/kg/day in three doses) versus erythromycin (250 mg four times per day) compared with no treatment (treatment for 14 days, with six-week treatment duration; no treatment). Adverse events and the proportion of participants achieving clear or clear skin were not assessed. One study assessed rifampicin (300 mg twice a day) versus placebo (14 days of treatment twice a week; six weeks of treatment) and none of the review outcomes were assessed. These trials did not measure the percentage of participants who achieved clear or almost clear skin. One trial assessed long-lasting azithromycin treatment (500 mg daily dose) versus a non-antibiotic treatment (vitamin C) (48 weeks); 10 out of 30 participants in the azithomycin group had nausea and mild stomach upset, but not in the vitamin C group. No adverse events were found in the other two groups. We are uncertain about the results due to imprecision (small number of events) and high risk of bias (participants and their carers were not aware of which group they were in).
We found 12 RCTs enrolling 933 adults with MS. Eleven of the 12 studies tested the use of vitamin D₃ in people with MS, and one study tested a form of the vitamin D mineral, which is a type of D-glucosamine (D-Glucose) 2 (D2) complex, which has been shown to reduce the risk of stroke and is a sign of MS. We found no clear effect of D2 on the number of people who had a relapse of MS at 52 weeks of follow-up in five of the studies, and on the severity of MS symptoms measured by the Expanded Disability Status Scale (EDSS) and MRI lesions. D2 did not seem to have an effect on the rate of relapse in the first six months after the end of the trial. We did not find any effect on quality of life, and we could not tell whether D2 had an impact on tiredness or pain. We also did not have any data on the time to first MS relapse, number of patients who needed to go to hospital due to the progression of the disease, or the proportion of participants who remained relapse-free. Vitamin D appears to be safe, although information on side effects was limited. We rated the quality of the evidence as very low to low.
We included 62 studies in this update of a Cochrane review, with 4241 people with cancer aged 18 years of age or over. Most of these people had cancer of any type, but a few had other types of cancer as well. We found that morphine is an effective pain medicine for cancer pain, and that it works well for short-term use (12 to 24 hours) and can be used for long-term pain relief. Morphine is effective for 12- or 24-hour dosing, depending on the form of the medicine used in the study. The dose range of morphine used in studies ranged from 25 mg to 2000 mg per day, and daily doses ranged from 100 mg to 250 mg. A small percentage of people are not able to take this medicine, and about 6% stop taking it altogether. Adverse events were common, predictable, and 6% of people had to stop treatment with morphine because of them. The quality of the evidence is poor. Most studies were old, often small, and were carried out for registration purposes and so were not designed to show that one medicine was better than any other. It was not clear if these trials were large or large enough to show whether there were any differences in the effect of one medicine over the other. Only a few reported how many people had good pain relief, but where it was reported, over 90% had no worse than mild pain in a short time. Pain was reported by 96% of participants in 17 studies, and in 63% of those who had good levels of pain relief in the first 24 hours after taking the medicine. This was the same for the medicine in the second 24 hours, and for the first 12 hours after the medicine was taken. Where results were reported for individual patients in 17 trials, 'no worse than severe pain' was achieved in 6 in 10 (64%) people, and this was equivalent to treatment success in 4 in 10 people (63%) who received this medicine. It is important to note that most of the people in the studies did not have adequate pain relief to be able to use the medicine for at least one day. A few were able to do this with morphine, but only a few were not. The results of this review show that there is a wide range of doses of this medicine and that some people are unable to take it. This is not surprising, as this medicine has been used for a long time and is one of the most widely used painkillers in the world.
We found 14 trials, with a total of 1260 people with a mean age of 16 to 88 years of age, and 1361 with a trigger finger. The age of participants included in the studies ranged from 16 to 86 years. The majority of participants were women (around 70%), and the duration of symptoms ranged from three to 15 months, and the follow-up after the treatment ranged from eight weeks to 23 months. The studies included nine types of comparisons: open surgery (two trials), percutaneous surgery (five trials), endoscopy (one trial) and three types of incision for open surgery. Most of the studies had flaws in the way they were done, which could have led to bias and imprecision in the results. We are not sure whether open surgery is more or less safe and whether it is better or worse than steroid injection. We also are not certain whether it increases the risk of adverse events (incidence of infection, tendon injury, flare, cutaneous pain and fat necrosis) or whether it has an effect on the length of time it takes for the trigger finger to heal. The evidence was of low to very low risk of bias and was based on only a few events (270 participants) from six up to 12 months of treatment. Evidence was downgraded due to study design flaws, lack of precision and inconsistency.
We found three RCTs, with 931 participants, that compared RT alone or RT plus PCV with RT alone. One study, the European Organisation for Research and Treatment of Cancer (EORTC) trial, showed that people with AO or AOA who had RT and PCV were more than three times more likely to live for at least three years than those who had the RT alone treatment. This result was reported 10 years after the end of the trial and was not found in the original 2008 Cochrane review. However, PCV can cause serious side effects, and whether temozolomide can be used instead of PCV in this group of patients is not clear. We also found that the use of biomarkers, such as codeletion of complete chromosome arms 1p and 19q and IDH-1 or -2 mutation, may be a prognostic factor for OS in two of the studies (RTOG and EORTC), and were also found to be prognostic for survival in one of the other studies. The third trial (NOA-04) evaluated these biomarkers in a prospective way and found them to be a risk-free marker for OS.
We included five studies with a total of 240 children aged one to 18 years with mild to moderate OSA (AHI 1 to 30 per hour). All studies were performed in specialised sleep medicine clinics at tertiary care centres. Follow-up time ranged from six weeks to four months. Three RCTs (n = 137) compared intranasal corticosteroids with placebo (a fake drug) and compared montelukast (an anticholinergic drug) to a fake drug (placebo) in children with OSA. We excluded one trial from the meta-analysis because the patients were not randomised and we had concerns about selective reporting in one of the other studies. We are not sure about the effect on AHI (a measure of the amount of oxygen in the blood that can be reached during sleep) and we are also not sure whether there is a benefit on other short-term outcomes (e.g. desaturation index, which is a sign of the body’s response to light and oxygen levels) due to imprecision of the estimates and heterogeneity in the results. We also are not certain about the impact on the number of apnoeas, shortness of breath, and respiratory arousals (flare-ups) that occur during sleep in the short term (i.e. in the first few hours of sleep) as the certainty of the results was moderate for these outcomes and was low for the rest of the outcomes. There was no difference between the two groups in terms for the quality of life, weight, height, or body mass index (which is a measure of body fat). Adverse events were assessed and reported in all trials and were rare, of a minor nature, and evenly distributed between study groups. No study looked at the risk of surgery for OSA as an outcome. There is not yet enough evidence to recommend the use of corticostoids for the treatment of OSA in children.
We found six studies (1291 adults and 1291 children) that investigated the use of antithrombin (AT), low-dose warfarin, cryoprecipitate and/or fresh frozen plasma (FFP) and fibrinogen (AT) to treat blood clots in patients with CVCs. We found no effect of any of these treatments on the risk of VTE, and there were no differences in adverse events (such as bleeding episodes, heparin-induced thrombocytopenia, platelet-rich plasma (PRP) deficiency, haemorrhagic stroke, death due to VTE or CVC infection or post-thrombotic syndrome (PTS), or removal of CVC to treat VTE) or to treat CVC-related infection or PTS. All of the studies had limitations in the way they were designed and performed, which may have led to imprecision of the results. In one study, we found that the addition of LMWH to AT supplementation resulted in a reduction in symptomatic VTE in the control group. We did not find that any of the interventions had an effect on the occurrence of other adverse events, such as haemoglobin-rich blood (hematopoietic platelet (HBP), which is a sign of blood clotting, but this could be a result of the low number of patients in the study, which could also be due to the low size of the study and the low quality of the evidence. We concluded that there is no benefit of any intervention in preventing VTE compared with no treatment in paediatric oncology patients with a CVC.
The aim of this review was to assess the role of CSFD in the treatment of spinal cord injury after thoracic and thoracoabdominal aneurysm surgery. Three trials with a total of 287 patients were included in the review. The first trial showed that CSFD reduced the risk of neurological deficit in the lower extremities by 80% compared to controls. There was no difference in the rate of ischaemic injury to the spinal cord between the CSFD group and the group that did not have CSFD. The second trial used CSFD and a drug called intrathecal papaverine and showed that the use of this drug was associated with an 80% reduction in the number of patients who had a serious brain injury after surgery. In the third trial TAAA repair was performed on 145 patients. CSFD was used during the surgery and continued for 48 hours afterwards. Paraplegia or paraparesis occurred in 12.2% of the patients in the control group and 12% in the group receiving CSFD compared to 2.7% in those who did not receive CSFD (P = 0.03). Overall, CSFD appears to be an effective treatment for the prevention of brain injury in patients who have had a thoracoscopy for spinal cord surgery.
We included 13 RCTs, with a total of 662 patients, in this review. We found that NB-UVB and PUVA are both safe and effective for treating people with CPP or GP. In one RCT of NB-UUVB compared with PUVA, there was no difference between the groups in terms of the number of people who reached the Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) 75, which is the most important outcome. In three other trials of CPP, the difference in PASI 75 was not clear in favour of the PUVA group. There was no clear difference in the numbers of participants who dropped out of the RCT due to side-effects between the two groups. In the other trials, the clear-up rate was not clearly different between the PUV and PUV groups. There were no clear-ups in the other comparisons, such as the left-right body group and the bath PUV group. In people with PPP, one study found there were no differences in the clearance rate (i.e. the percentage of patients who had not had any new skin growth after the end of treatment) between the NBUVB treated and the topical PUVA groups. One RCT in CPP and one in people with GP found no differences between NBUVBs and BB-UVBs for the two types of treatment. Two studies found that PUVA plus retinoid was as good as PUVA alone for the treatment of people with PCP or GP, and that re-NBUVB was just as effective as re-PUVA alone. We are not able to draw conclusions about the use of NB UVB for PPP due to the lack of good-quality, well-conducted, large-scale, long-term, and well-travelled studies. In practice, NB-uvB may be more convenient to use since exogenous photosensitiser is not required before phototherapy. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all comparisons. This means that we are uncertain about the accuracy of the results and that further research is likely to have an effect on our conclusions.
We found 21 studies with a total of 1525 people with faecal incontinence. We found some evidence that adding biofeedback to electrical stimulation was better than the use of electrical stimulation on its own. There was not enough evidence as to whether there was a difference in outcome for any method of treatment. One trial showed that the number of people who failed to achieve full continence was lower when the electrical treatment was added to biofeed back than when it was done alone. There were no clear results for any of the other treatments. There is no evidence that any method was more or less effective than an implanted sacral nerve stimulator. While there is a suggestion that some of the techniques used to improve the quality of life may have a therapeutic effect, this is not certain. Larger well-designed trials are needed to enable safe conclusions.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of catheters after surgery to see if there was a difference in the risk of recatheterising (removal of the catheter) or not. We found 39 RCTs that met our criteria, but only a few of them were of high quality. Most were small and of poor or very poor reporting of results, so we were not able to draw conclusions about whether or not to use a catheter after surgery. There were no clear results on whether a urethral catheter was used after surgery rather than a suprapubic one, or whether a clamp-and-release policy (where the catheter is placed in the urethra and then released when it is no longer needed) was used before or after surgery, or if the time taken for the cathetter to be removed was longer than three days. There was no clear result on whether the length of time it took to remove the catherter was longer or later. The risk of re-catheteration was higher if a cathinger was not used following surgery.
We included 10 studies in which aripiprazole was used to treat mania in people of any age, but mainly in adults. A high dropout rate from most trials (> 20% for each intervention in eight of the trials) may have had an impact on the results, which may have led to imprecision in the estimates of effectiveness. The overall risk of bias in the trials was unclear. We found that people who took ariplatin (an anticholinergic drug) at three and four weeks were more than twice as likely to be free of mania than those who took placebo (a fake drug) but not at six weeks. At three weeks after starting treatment, people were no more or less likely to have mania symptoms than those taking other drugs (e.g. valproate, lithium, haloperidol) or placebo. At 12 weeks after treatment, there was no difference in the number of people who had mania-like symptoms between those who received aripine and those who were treated with other drugs. However, at 12 weeks, halopentasone (a sedative drug) was found to be more likely to cause a range of symptoms, such as dizziness, drowsiness, nausea and constipation, and more children/adolescents had a prolactin (a protein in the blood that helps the blood to clot) level that was lower than normal. Ariplin is a drug that can be taken by mouth (lithium) or by mouth spray, and is used as a sedative in adults and children and adolescents. It is not known whether aripiperazole is better or worse than other drugs in treating mania. The evidence is up to date as of March 2015.
We found three RCTs and one CCT on the use of urokinase or ethanol lock treatment with concomitant systemic (antibiotics) and no RCT or CCTs on antibiotic lock treatment alone. We found no difference in the number of patients cured, the number recurrent CVC-related infections, the time to the first negative blood culture, the occurrence of CVCs that had to be removed, the need for an ICU admission and sepsis. No adverse events occurred in the five publications of cohort (a type of study in which people are put in a group and treated in the same way) studies (one of which was included in all analyses) assessing this outcome; CVC malfunctioning occurred in three out of five of these five publications. No evidence of a difference was found in the addition of antibiotics to the antibiotics. The included RCT and CCT were of low power or a too-short follow-up, which could be due to the short duration of the studies. The RCT was of high risk of bias and the CCT was not well-designed.
We found 15 randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, placebo-based randomised controlled trials (RCTs; a type of study in which participants are assigned to one of two or more treatment groups using a random method) that tested a range of interventions to help adults with whiplash-related neck pain. We found that an educational video on how to use a brace to reduce pain was more effective than no treatment for adults with neck pain at short-term (i.e. less than three weeks) follow-up, but not at long-term. There is low- to very low-risk of bias in most of the other interventions. Advice focusing on the body’s response to pain and stress was more helpful than no intervention for adults aged 18 years and older with acute to chronic neck pain, but there was no benefit for other types of neck pain or for a wide range of outcomes. Advice on pain & stress coping skills and workplace ergonomics was no better or worse than other treatments, and some interventions favoured exercise over other treatments. Self-care was not helpful for neck pain lasting more than three months, and self-care did not help with pain lasting longer than one month. With the exception of one trial, this review has not shown effectiveness for other interventions, such as advice to activate, advice on stress-coping skills, stress-relief skills, work-stress coping skills, workplace ergonomic skills and self care. Future research should be based on sound adult learning theory and skills.
We searched for randomised, quasi-randomised trials (RCTs) and quasi-experiments (experiments in which participants are put in a group and randomised to one of two or more treatment groups) that looked at the use of the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Cochrane Collaboration (Cochrane) approach to communication with people at risk of CJD or vCJD. We did not find any RCTs that met our criteria for inclusion in this Cochrane review. However, we did find 49 studies and pieces of literature that met the criteria for our thematic synthesis, which is a meta-analysing of the results of Cochrane Cochrane reviews. The results of the thematic syntheses can be used to help guide decisions about how best to reach out to those at risk and to support them when they are at risk, such as when they need help with accessing health care or when they have a heart attack or stroke.
We found one randomised trial (N = 304 randomised patients; 204 in the drug group and 276 in the placebo group) that compared opioids (prolonged release oxycodone/naloxone) with a dummy drug (placebo) for treating RLS. After 12 weeks, RLS symptoms had improved more in patients who received the drug than in those who took the dummy drug. More of the drug-treated patients were able to stop taking the drug and return to their usual sleep patterns. Quality of life scores also improved more with the use of the drugs than with the fake drug. Sleep was better in patients taking the drugs as well as in those taking the placebo. Side effects were reported in both groups, but the major side effects were stomach upsets, tiredness, and headache. Dropout rates were high and there was a high dropout rate, which means that many patients dropped out of the study before the end of the 12-week follow-up.
This Cochrane review found 15 trials, involving 1022 adults, that looked at the use of surgery to fix the fracture in the distal radius of the radius (distal radius) in adults. There was no evidence that surgery was better than plaster cast or no surgery in terms of function, but surgery was associated with a high risk of complications, such as pin-track infection, but many of these were minor and could have been avoided if a pin had been placed in the correct place using a technique other than the one used for pin insertion.
We found five studies (1127 patients) comparing early removal of ureteric stents with late removal of stents. It is uncertain whether there is a greater risk of MUC in the early removal group compared to the late removal group. The risk of UTI may be reduced in the group that had a stent removed before the end of the first week after transplantation. This may be achieved by the use of a blockage-free stent. There was no difference in the risk of developing a UTI if the stent was used to block blood flow from the kidney back to the bladder. However, if an externalised stent (PU stent) was used there was no discernible difference in UTI rates. Data on health economics and quality of life outcomes were not available.
We included five studies that evaluated three types of crowns: crowns, fillens and crowns. Four of the five studies used crowns with fillens; two of them used PMCs with open sandwich restorations; and one compared PMCs fitted with the Hall Technique with fillings. One of these included a third arm, which allowed the comparison of PMCs (fitted using the Hall technique) with non-restorative treatment (i.e. no crowns or fillens). There were no RCTs comparing crowns fitted with either a crown or fillen with crowns that were not used for restoration. All of the studies in this comparison used PMC. One study found that crowns placed on primary molar teeth with carious lesions, or after pulp treatment, are likely to reduce the risk of major failure or pain in the long term (more than 12 months after the crown has been placed) compared to fillens. There was a lower risk of pain associated with the crown than for fillens in the short term, and there was less risk of gingival (mouth) bleeding when using crowns rather than fillens, but we are not sure whether there is a benefit in terms of reduced risk of bleeding when crowns are used, or when fillens are used. Only one study (11 adults) looked at a type of crown called'stainless steel with white veneers'. It provided very low quality evidence so no conclusions could be drawn. There are no studies that have been done that have looked at crowns and fillens fitted in the same way, so we are uncertain about the effects of one method or the other. The quality of evidence was very low for all comparisons.
We included 28 studies (involving 788 adults and children with cystic fibroids (CF) aged from one month to 18 years of age. Most of these studies compared PEP to other methods of airway clearance, such as ACBT, autogenic drainage (AD), oral oscillating PEP devices, high-frequency chest wall oscillation (HFCWO) and BiPaP (bi-pneuplasty, a device that is placed inside the lung to help the airway to open up and open the airways) and exercise. We found that PEP was better than other techniques in terms of lung function when used with a mask for at least one year. We also found that there was a reduction in the number of lung flare-ups (exacerbations) in people who used PEP compared to other techniques. There was no difference in the severity of the flare-up when using PEP with a mouthpiece (a mouthpiece is a piece of mouthpiece that is used to help keep the mouth closed) and in favour of PEP. People who used a mask were more likely to have a cough, runny nose and runny breath when compared to people who did not use a mask (high-certainty evidence). There was very low- to low-quality evidence for the other outcomes we were looking at. Many studies had a risk of bias as they did not report how the randomisation was done or did not give details of how it was done. Most studies did not have a high-enough number of dropouts (patients who dropped out) to allow us to draw any conclusions about how well the treatments worked. The quality of evidence provided by this review is variable, but suggests that all techniques and devices described may have a place in the treatment of people with CF.
We included four studies involving 1485 adults with a mean age of 18 years of age with a range of moderate to severe Crohn's disease. Most patients were adults over 18 years old. The mean dose of CZP was 100 mg to 400 mg every 2 to 4 weeks for 4 weeks. One of the studies was identified as high risk of bias due to a non-identical placebo while the other three were judged to be at low risk of systematic errors (i.e. play of chance) due to the use of a drug that was not identical to the drug being tested in the other studies. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2016. The results of the four-week randomised, double-blind, quasi-randomised, placebo-free, and parallel-group (R-group) trials showed that CZp is more than twice as effective as a placebo for the induction of remission and improvement of symptoms in patients with active Crohn’s disease. The risk of serious side effects was 8.7% (73/835) and 6.2% (40/650) in the placebo groups, respectively. Serious side effect events were observed in 8.8% (30.9%) in the control groups and 6% (20.8%) in both groups. It is not clear whether the risk of a serious side effect is different in the two groups as the 95% CI (range 1.09 to 1.53) includes the possibility of a one- or two-fold (or more) increase in serious side events. The quality of the included in this meta-analysis ranged from moderate to high. This means that we are reasonably certain that the results are likely to be close to the truth.
We searched for all randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, placebo-based, and quasi-transfusion-based studies that assessed the effectiveness and safety of drugs to treat heart failure in adults with CKD. We found 112 studies that met our criteria. Of these, 31 studies (23,762 participants) with data on CKD patients met our requirements and were included in our meta-analysis. The risk of bias in all 112 studies was high or unclear. In total, 26 studies (19,612 participants) reported on at least one outcome of interest for our review and were used in our analyses. In acute heart failure, the effects of adenosine A1-receptors, dopamine, nesiritide, or serelaxin on death (any cause), the risk of admission to hospital, worsening heart failure or kidney function, low blood pressure, low heart rate, and low blood sugar were uncertain due to sparse data or were not included in the meta-analyses. Treatment with beta-blockers may decrease the number of people who die from any cause (low or very low certainty evidence). Treatment with ACEi or ARB, or aldosterone agonists had uncertain effects on hospitalisation for heart failure as results were not consistent with either benefit or harm. Aldosterone antagonists may be more likely to cause high blood pressure than placebo or no treatment. We were not able to estimate whether treatment with sinus-nodilators or sinus blockers is more or less likely to lead to high blood potassium levels (very low or low quality of life) as there were few studies. Renin inhibitors had uncertain risks of high potassium levels compared to no intervention. We could not estimate whether any of the drugs studied had an effect on hyperkalaemia in CKD due to the lack of data. The effects of anti-arrhythmic agents, digoxin, phosphodiesterase inhibitors, renin inhibitors, sinus node inhibitors, vasodilator, and vasopressin receptor antagonists were very uncertain, as we only found a limited number of studies. The quality of evidence was low to very low for all outcomes due to lack of precision and imprecision.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1945 women where oxytocin was used for induction or augmentation of labour. Overall, risk of bias across the three trials was mixed. The trials did not show that one form of tocodynamometry was better than the other for any of the following: Apgar score less than seven at five minutes, umbilical artery pH less than 7.15, caesarean section, ventouse and forceps extraction, or more than 48 hours in the neonatal intensive care unit. The pooled risk for instrumental delivery (e.g. forceps or ventouse extraction) was not different between the groups. Hyperstimulation was reported in one study (n = 489) but there was no difference between groups. The risk of death of the mother or her baby was not reported in any trial. There is not enough information to recommend one method of monitoring over the other.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in adults (18 years of age and older) with CVI. We included two RCTs with a total of 54 participants. Both of the studies were at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions due to the way that the study was run and conducted) and we were not able to assess the quality of the results due to imprecision (ie, there may have been bias) of the data. One study did not show that there was any difference between the exercise and control groups with regard to quality of life or ankle range of motion. One of the trials showed that muscle strength did not differ between the two groups in this study. However, muscle strength at fast speed was lower in the control group than in the exercise group. The other trial did not report the incidence of venous leg ulcers, incidence of surgery to treat symptoms and the amount of time it took for the leg to fill with blood. We judged both studies to be at high risks of bias; hence, these results should be viewed with caution. Due to the lack of information, we were unable to draw any conclusions about the effect of physical exercise in CVI and we judged the overall quality of evidence to be very low.
This is an update of a review that was first published in 2004. The aim of the review was to assess the effectiveness and safety of the HA class of products in the treatment of OA of the knee. Fifty-six randomised, double-blind, quasi-randomised and quasi-blinded (RCTs) trials were included in the review. The review found that hyaluronan/hylan viscosupplements are an effective and safe treatment for knee OA. There are few RCTs of other types of HA products and readers should be cautious, therefore, in drawing conclusions about the relative value of each of these products. The quality of the evidence was rated as moderate to large for some of the outcomes, such as pain, pain on weight bearing and function, and as low to very low for other outcomes. There were few adverse events in the HA group of products and no major adverse events were found.
We included 10 trials with a total of 4052 women in this review. Four trials (1881 women) compared the addition of misoprostol to uterotonics compared with a placebo (injecting a drug that looks and tastes like the drug but does not work as well as the drug) in women who had been on uterotonic drugs for at least 24 hours prior to the onset of PPH. We did not find any trials that looked at the use of other drugs to treat PPH, such as oxytocin. Two trials (1787 participants) compared 800 mcg sublingual (sublingual is a type of intravenous infusion of oxytocine) versus oxytocins as the first-line treatment for PPH; one of these trials was too small to assess impact on our primary outcomes. We found that giving the drug in the form of 600 to 1000 mcg did not improve the risk of death for the mother or the baby, or the number of women who were admitted to intensive care or who had a hysterectomy (removal of the uterus). The risk of serious complications for the baby was the same for both groups. Women who were given the drug were more than twice as likely to have a blood loss of at least 1000 mL, and they were more likely to be shivering and vomiting. Two other trials tried to test the effect of the drugs estrogen and tranexamic acid, but were too few to be able to make any meaningful comparisons of pre-specified outcomes. One trial looked at compression but was too large to assess the effects of this treatment on our main outcomes. None of the trials looked at surgery. The review did not identify any trials of other than the drugs that are commonly used for treating PPH in the first few days after uterotonic drugs have been stopped. The trials included in the current review were not large or large enough to measure the impact of the drug use on our outcomes. Compared with the drug, the first treatment to be used when PPH is given after uterotonical drugs have the same effect and causes fewer side effects when used as first-time treatment. When used in the second stage of treatment, the drugs worked similarly.
We found six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing short-term N-acetylcysteine supplementation with cysteine-free PN in preterm infants. Five of these RCTs were conducted in the USA, one in the UK, and one in Brazil. The majority of patients in these trials were preterm. The risk of death by 36 postmenstrual weeks, bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD), death or BPD, retinopathy of prematurity (ROP), severe ROP, necrotizing ulcerative colitis requiring surgery, periventricular leukomalacia (pulmonary haemorrhage), intraventricular hemorrhage (IVH), or severe IVH was not found in the five trials that assessed short- and long-term use of this drug in the neonatal phase of life. The one large RCT did not show that the risk of dying by 36 weeks of age was reduced by the use of N- acetylcyteine in these preterm babies. Nitrogen retention was increased by a dose of 1.8 mg/kg/day (range 1.2 mg to 8 mg/day) in four trials (95 preterm newborns, including 73 preterm neonates). There was no clear effect on growth in one RCT. There is not yet enough evidence to assess the risks of short-and-long-term treatment with N-aceleine in the first two weeks of life, which has been reported during the first week of treatment with this drug.
We included 77 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 6287 people with NAFLD. Forty-one of these RCTs (3829 participants) provided information for one or more outcomes. The follow-up in the trials ranged from one month to 24 months. Thirty-five of the 77 trials included only participants with non-alcohol related steatohepatitis (NASH) (based on biopsy confirmation). Five of the trials included participants with diabetes mellitus; 14 of the 37 trials had a low risk of bias. The source of funding was not reported in 39 trials. Antioxidants and thiazolidinediones were compared with no treatment. There was no risk of death in either group in the only trial comparing these drugs to no intervention. None of the people in the study who were treated with these drugs developed serious adverse events in the trial which reported the proportion of people with serious side-effects. No one in the group treated with thiazolicine or bile acids developed a serious side effect. None in the groups had health-related quality of life. Source of funding Twenty-six trials were partially- or fully-funded by the drug companies that would benefit, based on the results of the trial. Twelve trials did not receive any additional funding or were funded by parties with no vested interest in the results. The sources of funding were not provided in 39 studies. Due to the very low quality of the evidence, we are very uncertain about the effectiveness of drugs for NA FLD, and further well-designed, large-scale, well-conducted trials are required.
We included 15 randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, cross-over, multi-centre randomised and quasi-blinded studies in this review. We included a total of 1282 participants with MCI at baseline. Of these, 430 had been diagnosed with Alzheimer’s disease and 130 with other forms of dementia. The duration of follow-up ranged from less than one year to over four years for some, but in the majority of studies in the range one to three years. We found that the CSF t-tau test was better than the other tests at identifying Alzheimer's disease as the cause of cognitive impairment. The sensitivity of this test ranged from 51% to 90% and the specificity of the test from 48% to 88%. This means that if the test is found to be accurate, it might be able to rule out Alzheimer's or other types of dementia, as well as the risk of over-treatment. The same is true for the other biomarker tests, namely, the C-reinforced Tau and the ApoA test (both of which are used in the same way but have a range from 22% to 86% and a specificity of 86%, which means that the test can be used to diagnose any type of dementia). The CSF p-reinsurance test was also assessed in five of the 15 studies and had a sensitivity of 80% and specificity of 96%. These tests, like other biomarkers tests which have been subject to Cochrane DTA reviews, appear to be better than other tests for the diagnosis of Alzheimer's and therefore might be of greater use in this area. However, these tests may have limited clinical value until uncertainties have been addressed.
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 170 patients. All patients were male and were undergoing surgery for prostate cancer. The men were aged 50 to 75 years of age and were between 50 and 75 years old. We found that the use of propofol (tricyclic intravenous anaesthesia) did not reduce post-surgery pain in the short term (one to six hours after surgery) compared with inhalation of sevoflurane (deep inhalation). We found evidence showing no difference in postoperative pain between the two types of anaesthetics in a sample of 62 patients from one study. We also found low-quality evidence that propofot may prevent an increase in pressure in the eye (intra-ocular pressure (IOP) ) after pneumoperitoneum and steep Trendelenburg (neck of the womb) surgery. The risk of IOP was 3.9 times more in the first 30 minutes after surgery in the low-end of the TIVA group than in the high-end group. It is not clear whether avoiding an IOP is important as it is not known whether this translates to a reduced risk of eye problems during surgery. None of the three RCTs looked at the risk of death from any cause, all-cause deaths, heart, lung or circulatory problems, stroke, stroke-like symptoms, stroke complications, brain problems, cognitive problems, length of time spent in the hospital or costs. Overall the quality of evidence was low to very low, as all studies were small, single-centre trials with unclear descriptions of methods.
We included 14 studies, with 1,601,515 women. Most of these were from the USA, with a mean age of 36 to 42 weeks of age, and the mean duration of follow-up ranged from one month to 12 months. The women were followed up for at least one year. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2018. Most studies found no effect of the use of corticosteroids on the risk of low birth weight, preterm birth, foetal death, orofacial clefts or cleft lip and palate, or preterm or low Apgar score. There was a lower risk of the baby being born too soon or too large for its head to reach the top of the head (low birth weight) in women who took corticostoids of all potencies, but not in those who took the most potent (mild) or the most powerful (potent) of these drugs. Maternal use of mild to moderate doses of topical steroids was not linked with a decreased risk of death of the babies, but we did not see this effect when potent to very strong doses were used. We used the Grades of Recommendation, Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) method to rate the quality of the evidence. We found that the evidence was of low or very low quality for all outcomes. This was due to imprecision in the number of babies that were born too early or too small, and inconsistency in the numbers that died before or soon after birth.
We found four RCTs that met the criteria of this review. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, India, and South Africa. The largest trial was from the USA and was funded by the Steroids for Corneal Ulcers Trial (SCUT) and the other three were sponsored by the manufacturer of the corticosteroid used in the trial. The total number of participants was 611 (612 eyes), ranging from 30 to 500 participants per trial. All trials compared the treatment of people with bacterial keratitis with corticostomy and no topical corticoid and had a duration of follow-up of between one month and one year. One of the three smaller trials was a pilot study of the largest study: the SCUT. The other three trials were not large enough to be able to detect a difference in the time to re-epithelialization (the time from the start of treatment to the growth of new corneal cells). For side effects, none of the trials found any differences between the two groups. The trial in the largest trial reported that more patients in the control group had an increase in eye pressure (intra-ocular pressure (IOP) (i.e. pressure inside the eye that can lead to IOP). One trial reported quality of life and concluded that there was no difference between the groups (data not available). We did not find any reports on the cost of the treatments. Although the four trials were generally of good quality, all were too small and had too few participants to show an effect of corticogenic drugs compared with no corticogenoids. Further, three of the four studies were too few in size to show a treatment effect.
We included four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 450 adults with ischaemic stroke. Three of the RCTs were from the USA, one from the UK and one each from Australia, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, and the UK. We found no evidence from these trials that percutaneous (percutaneous) treatment was better than intravenous (intravenous) treatment. Percutaneous treatment did not improve the number of people who were able to walk, sit up, stand up, or sit up at the end of follow-up. There was no difference in the occurrence of haemorrhages (blood in the brain) between the intervention and the control group. The risk of death from any cause was similar in the two groups. We did not find any difference between the groups in terms of the risk of recanalisation (removal of blood clots in the artery that drains blood from the brain). Quality of evidence was low for all of the outcomes. The main limitation of the evidence was that the trials were not large and did not have a high risk of bias, which means that participants and their doctors did not know which group they were in.
We included in the review one study with a total of 120 families and 143 children aged from five to 18 years of age. The study compared day care in a day care centre with no day care (care at home) for children from low- and middle-income families in high-income countries. There was no evidence that centre-based day care, rather than no care at home, improved or worsened children's intellectual or psychosocial development, employment of parents, or the number of mothers in full-time or part-time work. Nor was there evidence that day care improved children's high-school completion or household income above £200 per week. This study did not report on long-term outcomes for children (high-school outcomes or income). The quality of evidence was very low. This is due to the small size of the study and to the fact that in the control group, 63% of participants had access to day care services that were not part of the day care. This means that there is a high risk of bias in the results.
The aim of this review was to determine the best histologic index to use in the diagnosis and management of ulcerative colitis. The objective was to assess the effect of a histologic score on the rate of healing of ulcers. The results of the search revealed that 11 of the 30 scoring indices have undergone some form of testing. The Nancy Index and the Robarts Histopathology Index have undergone the most testing in that they have been tested for the most aspects of their function. None of the other currently available histologic scores have been fully tested. In order to find the best score, more research is needed.
We included three trials with a total of 213 adults with a mean age of 41 to 44 years. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2015. The three trials were at high risk of bias, which means that we are uncertain about the accuracy of the results. There was no evidence that there was a difference in function or pain in favour of nailing, and no evidence of a benefit in the need for re-operations or risk of complications. There were no trials comparing surgery with non-surgical treatment. Overall, there is either no or insufficient evidence to draw a definitive conclusion on the use of surgery or the best surgery for distal tibial metaphyseal fractures in adults. The quality of evidence was rated as very low for all outcomes.
We included 11 studies with a total of 38,742 people with stroke or TIA. Eight studies (35,110 people) compared BPLDs with no treatment (placebo or no treatment), and three studies (3632 people) used a systolic blood pressure target (lowering blood pressure to less than 140/85 mmHg) to reduce the risk of a future stroke or stroke-like event. The risk of bias in the trials varied greatly. The pooled risk was 0.81 (range 0.70 to 0.93), and the risk ratio (RR) of the BPLD group for recurrent stroke 0.80 and 0.90, and for dementia 0.88. We found that participants who used an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor or a diuretic were at a lower risk of having a new stroke compared with those who did not use these drugs. We did not find a difference in the risk for other types of blood pressure-lowering drugs, such as diuretics or anticoagulants, but we did find that these drugs may reduce the number of strokes in people with TIA or stroke who do not have a stroke. The evidence is up to date as of March 2015.
We found four randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind, four- to 26-week trials of non-glucosidic B-sitosterols in men with prostate enlargement. Three of the four studies used a type of b-sitosteryl and one used a form of the drug that was not of the same type as the one used in the other studies. B-Sitosterols improved urinary symptoms and urine flow. There was no improvement in prostate size compared to placebo. Withdrawal rates for men treated with B- sitosterol and placebo were 7.8% and 8.0%, respectively. The long-term effects of these drugs are not known.
We found 26 trials comparing salmeterol to a fake drug (placebo) and eight compared with salbutamol (an inhaled corticosteroid). These included 62,815 adults and 2,599 children. In six trials (2,766 adults), no serious side effects could be obtained. There was no increase in the risk of death from any cause with the use of salmetamol compared to the fake drug, but there was an increased risk of non-fatal serious adverse events in the group of adults who were not on inhaled steroids. There is not yet enough evidence to assess whether the risk in children is higher or lower than in adults. We found no difference in the number of people who died from asthma in the two large surveillance trials (26,355 adults and 26,355 children) that looked at this topic. The risk of dying from asthma was higher with salmetemol than with placebo in these trials, but not by a large amount. In patients not taking inhaled steroid drugs, there was a clear increase in risk of asthma-related death compared to patients not using inhaled inhalers. We could not rule out an increase in death due to asthma in patients not on inhalers, but we cannot rule it out either in patients who were or were not taking an inhaled drug either. Although the increase in asthma--related deaths was less in the inhaled drugs group than in the control group, we could not be sure that the inhalers were the cause of death.
This Cochrane review found that there is no evidence that postnatal treatment with L-thyroxine (50 μg/day) or L-triiodothyronine 50 µg/day reduces the severity of RDS in preterm infants. There was no difference in the risk of death from any cause. Adverse effects were not found in use of the ventilator, length of time on the breathing tube, use of mechanical ventilators, air leak, lung damage at 28 days in survivors, patent ductus arteriosus, intraventricular haemorrhage or necrotising enterocolitis. The risk of brain damage was not reported.
We included 38 RCTs with a total of 1828 adults with hepatic encephalopathy. The trials compared non-absorbable disaccharides with a placebo or no intervention. Eight trials had a low risk of bias in the assessment of the risk of death. All studies had a high risk of systematic errors (bias) in the assessed risk of the other outcomes. We found that the use of these drugs may have a beneficial effect on death when we combined the data from all the trials (24 trials; 1487 adults) and in the eight trials with a low-risk of bias (705 adults). We also found that there may be a benefit of the drugs on the severity of hepatocellular haemorrhage (hepatitis C), which is a disease of the brain that can lead to confusion, confusion, and convulsions (hind-head aches, tingling, and numbness), as well as on quality of life (very low- to very low-quality evidence). We found no evidence that the drugs had an effect on the number of serious side-effects. None of the trials compared lactulose with lactitol (a type of milk fat) in terms of the effect on overall well-being. The quality of evidence was rated as very low for all outcomes.
We included 65 studies (involving 3598 participants) in this review. Treatments included bisphosphonate drugs, vitamin D compounds, teriparatide, denosumab, cinacalcet, parathyroid surgery, and calcitonin. The average age of participants ranged from 11 to 17 years old and the average follow-up period was 12 months. Most of the participants had kidney transplants in the first year of life and were followed-up for at least three years. Bisphosphoate drugs may reduce the risk of fracture and bone pain after kidney transplantation. It is uncertain whether any other drug class reduces fracture (low or very low certainty evidence). It was uncertain whether other drug groups had any effect on graft loss (very low or low certainty results) or all-cause or cardiovascular death (death from any cause), myocardial infarction or stroke, or graft loss in very low- or low-certainty results. It was very uncertain whether vitamin D drugs or other drugs had any impact on bone disease in children and adults after a kidney transplant. The effects of bone treatment for children and adolescents after kidney surgery are very uncertain. Risks of bias were generally high or unclear, leading to less certainty in the results. Evidence for the benefits and harms of all other treatments was of very low quality.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 317 people. Three of the four RCTs studied the use of intravenous (where the drug is passed through a vein) or intramusculous (through a vein in the arm) doses of the drug, and one RCT used the same dose of parenteral (given by a vein only) dose. Each of the trials had a high risk of bias in at least one aspect of the way it was carried out. We found no study that measured all of the outcomes that we set out to measure in this review. Only one of the studies measured the severity of seizure, delirium tremens or components of the CIA Withdrawal Assessment for Alcohol (CIWA) score. A study of the strength of the handgrip reported in three trials (113 people) showed no improvement in handgrips. There was no significant change in adverse events. There is not enough evidence to say whether or not there is a role for magnesium in the treatment or prevention of alcohol withdrawal syndrome.
We included 15 randomised, quasi-randomised, double-blind, placebo- or no-treatments (RCTs) trials involving 3057 adults and children with acute rhinosinusitis. Ten of the 15 trials were from our 2012 review, and five are from our 2013 review. We did not find any new RCTs for this update. Overall, risk of bias was low. Antibiotics can shorten time to cure, but only 5 to 11 more people per 100 will be cured faster if they are treated with antibiotics instead of placebo or no treatment. About 5% of people will not be cured after 1 week if they do not receive antibiotics, and about 5% after 14 days if they receive antibiotics. Cure rates were higher when a total oedema (a build-up of fluid in any sinus) was found on X-ray, but the risk of a brain abscess was one in a half (one out of 3057 people) in the control group. The risk of side effects was higher with the use of antibiotics compared to no treatment, and 13 more people had side effects with antibiotics. A disease-related complication (brain abscess) occurred in one patient (of 3057) one week after the end of treatment with open antibiotics. We could not draw conclusions about children, people with suppressed immune systems, and those with severe sinusitis, due to the lack of evidence, because these populations were not included in the available trials. The quality of the evidence was high for cure rates, but low for side effects.
We found eight RCTs (enrolling 2515 patients) comparing D2 to D1 lymphadenectomy in patients with a tumour of the stomach that had not spread to other parts of the body. Three trials (all of which were performed in Asia) compared D3 with D2 lymphadenoid surgery: OS and DFS were not different between these two types of surgery. Data for DFS was available from one trial and for no trial were DSS data available. Five trials (involving 5 European patients and 3 Asian patients) examined D2 and D1 surgery, and found that D2 surgery was better than D1 operation in terms of overall survival (OS) and time to death (DFS) but was associated with a greater risk of dying after surgery. The quality of the evidence was moderate.
Oral naltrexone is a non-steroidal, non-pharmacologic drug used to treat opioid dependence. The aim of this review was to assess the effect of this drug on the number of people who were re-incarcerated (re-arrested) during the study period. This is a measure of the proportion of patients who remain in treatment and is often used to assess whether a drug is safe and effective in the treatment of opioid use. This was done by analysing data from 13 randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled and quasi-randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1158 participants. The findings of this systematic review show that nalrexone was not found to be better than other drugs or other kinds of treatment in terms of retention and abstinence and side effect rates. The overall quality of the included RCTs was not high.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at the use of thickened fluids for people with dementia to help them to drink from a cup or cup of fluid. We did not find any RCTs looking at changes to food. We found one RCT that looked at the effect of changing the consistency of fluids. This was part of a large multicentre trial in which people with a wide range of ages and ages were randomised to a type of fluid or to a 'face up' or 'chin down' (head down) posture. The other RCT looked at changes in the type of fluids given. Both were part of the same large trial and were from the USA. The first study, which was a cross-over (cross-over) trial, looked at whether the change in the amount of fluid given during videofluoroscopy helped to get the fluid from the mouth to the stomach and back up using a tube and found that honey thick fluids had a greater effect on getting the fluid back up when the tube was placed in the mouth. Honey thick fluids were more consistent with other words for thickness, such as'spoon thick' and'very thick', but this consistency showed more adverse effects in the follow-up study. During the first three-month of the first RCT, there were more cases of pneumonia in the honey thick fluid group than in the nectar thick fluids group or in the group taking a chin down head posture. There were no deaths in either group. Neither study looked at quality of life. We are not sure about the long-term effects of the change to fluids for the patient as too few studies have been done. There may be differences in the grade of thickness of fluids and the order in which they were given in the first trial, which may have had an effect on how quickly the change was made. There is a high risk of bias in both of the studies, which means that the results may not be the same as they should be. Clinicians should be aware that while thickening fluids may have an short-term effect on the amount that can be swallowed, it may have a longer-term impact on the health of the patient.
We included six randomised controlled trials with a total of 788 women in this review. The largest of these trials included 396 women. The evidence is up to date as of July 2013. No evidence showed that there was a difference in live birth rates between the two groups in terms of rates of IVF and IVF treatment. However, there was evidence that for a woman with a 53% chance of live birth using IVF, the chance with IVF would range from 34% to 53%. There was no evidence of a difference between the groups in rates of OHSS (one study, 60 women, very low risk of bias), multiple pregnancy (two studies, 527 women, moderate quality of evidence), clinical pregnancy (four studies, 351 women, low quality of data), ongoing pregnancy (three studies, 485 women, and very low quality evidence), or cycle cancellations (two trials, 159 women, both very low to very low-risk of bias). One trial reported that the oocyte retrieval rate was higher in the IVF group. There were not enough data to draw any conclusions about rates of treatment cancellation. Findings on treatment costs were inconsistent and more data are awaited. The quality of the evidence was low or very low due to imprecision.
We included a total of 984 people with COPD. The age of participants ranged from 10 to 206, and mean age ranged from 61 to 74 years. Programmes lasted for six weeks to one year. We found that Tai Chi is safe to practise in all participants. People who took part in Tai Chi had a longer six-minute walk distance and better lung function (i.e. lung function is the amount of air that can be pumped out of the lungs in a single breath) than those who did not take part in the Tai Chi programme. Tai Chi did not improve symptoms of COPD nor did it improve quality of life. When Tai Chi was added to other interventions (e.g. breathing exercise or exercise) compared with other interventions, Tai Chi showed no improvement in symptoms nor on physical and psychosocial outcomes. No adverse events were found in people who did and did not do Tai Chi. We are not able to draw conclusions about the impact of Tai Chi on the number of times a day that a person can walk, or exercise capacity, balance and muscle strength in the short- and long-term. Data are not sufficient to assess the effect of Tai Chis on lung function, exercise capacity and strength. We judged the quality of evidence of the outcomes to be very low to moderate.
We included 72 studies that involved 2470 people with stroke who had been in hospital for at least six months. Most of these people had had their stroke more than six months prior to the start of the study. The main goal of the treatment was to improve the function of the upper limb (e.g. the arm and leg) and improve the speed of walking and the amount of time that people could do certain tasks. The other goals of the treatments were to improve quality of life, reduce pain, and to increase the time that patients could spend in bed. We found that the use of this type of intervention was not more likely to improve upper limb function than other types of therapy. However, when it was used as an add-on to usual care (providing a higher dose of therapy for those in the intervention group) there was a benefit. There was not enough evidence to reach a conclusion about the effect of this therapy method on gait speed, balance, participation, or the overall effect of therapy time. The risk of bias in many studies was unclear due to poor reporting. Thus, while there are a large number of studies, the quality of evidence was low to very low.
We found five RCTs (1330 adults and children) that compared fluoroquinolones with rifampicin and pyrazinamide in the first-line treatment for drug-sensitive TB. None of the included trials were of short duration (less than six months). A single trial added levofloxacin to the standard treatment regimen (174 adults) and added a second drug, isoniazid (tricyclic aminocaproic acid), to the treatment in this group of patients. There is not enough evidence to be clear whether the use of fluoroxacins in place of ethambutol (a drug used to treat TB in the treatment of drug-based TB) or isonizid in the regimen reduces death or relapse. For death, sputum conversion, and adverse events we are uncertain if there is an effect (very low quality evidence for all three outcomes). No trials have looked at treatment failure. For relapse we do not know if there was an effect. No trial has looked at whether the addition of a drug to the other drugs used as the first line of treatment has an effect on death or relapsing. No studies have been done in people who are drug-free or who do not respond to other drugs. Six trials are currently in progress testing shorter regimens of four months or less.
