This is a Cochrane review of 38 studies with a total of 7843 children. Children and their carers who are at high risk of having an exacerbation of their asthma can be helped to reduce the number of times they need to be taken to the emergency department or to hospital. They are also less likely to need to go back to the hospital. There is no evidence to suggest that this is a long-term effect on other markers of asthma morbidity such as quality of life, symptoms and lung function.
We found 130 studies with 8341 participants. Ketamine was given to 4588 participants and 3753 participants were given to 3753. We did not stratify the main analysis by type of surgery or any other factor, such as dose or timing of ketamine use, and used a non-stratified analysis. We found that ketamine reduced pain at rest at 24 hours and at 48 hours by 5/100 mm, and by 22% at 24 and 48 hours after surgery. Pain at rest was reduced by 5 mm on a scale of 0 to 100 mm, compared with 26 mm with placebo. Pain was also reduced by 6 mm at rest and by 16 mm after surgery compared with 42 mm with the same dose of placebo. We also found that people who took ketamine were less likely to use their painkillers after surgery than those who did not take ketamine. They were less than half as likely to need a dose of painkillers over 48 hours, and less than one-third as much as twice as many as those who took placebo. People who had ketamine did not have as many side effects as people who had no ketamine, and they did not need as many painkillers as they did with those who had placebo. There was no difference between groups when nitrous oxide was used, and we did not find any evidence that nitrous was better than nitrous with ketamine for reducing the amount of pain. We downgraded the quality of the evidence once if numbers of participants were large but small, or twice if numbers were large and small and we could not test them, or were not able to test them. The evidence is up to date as of May 2016.
We found five trials of MSP/RESA (combination B) vaccine in 217 children aged five to nine years in Papua New Guinea. The vaccine was well-travelled and showed promise as a way to reduce the severity of malaria episodes, but the effect of the vaccine is MSP2 variant-specific. The results show that blood-stage vaccines may play a role and merit further development.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of people with long bone fractures. We found four RCTs, with 125 participants. Three of the trials were conducted in the USA, one in the UK, and one in Australia. All studies were randomised, blinded, and had limitations in the way in which they were done. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The trials were of low to very low risk of bias, and were well-conducted, but had a number of flaws in their design. The studies were small and had a high risk of imprecision due to the way they were carried out. There was not much difference in the number of people who had a long bone fracture at a fixed time point, but there was a small increase in the proportion of fractures that had united at a time point. We did not find any evidence that any of the treatments had an effect on pain. One of the studies did not report any side-side-effects, and there were no side-effects in the other two studies. We concluded that there was not enough evidence to support the use of electromagnetic field stimulation in the treatment of long bone injuries. More well-designed, well-run, and well-balanced studies are needed to answer this question.
We found 12 trials with a total of 1831 adults with cholecystitis who were randomly put in one of two or more treatment groups. Nine of the 12 trials were of low risk of bias (low risk of being biased) and included 199 adults undergoing elective laparoscopy. One of the trials did not report on the number of people who died in the short-term or long-term. There was no difference between the drain group (1/840) and the 'no drain' group (2/841) (0.2%) (RR 0.41; 95% CI 0.04 to 4.37) in the death rate in the 10 trials with 1681 adults. There were no deaths in the drain groups (7/567) (adjusted proportion: 1.1%) and the ‘no drain’ group (3/576) ( 0.5%) in the proportion of patients who died (short-term) or in the length of time spent in the hospital (longer than three days) in any of the groups. The number of serious adverse events in each group (involving 1286 adults) was the same (1.5 events per 100 adults) (RR 2.12; 95.67 to 7.40) or (RR 1.5) in both groups in the eight trials with 1286 patients. The quality of life was not improved in any group (one study with 93 adults) or the other (one trial with 35 adults). The length of the operation was longer in the 'drain group' group than in the no-drip group (seven trials with 775 adults) and there was no change in the time taken to perform the operation (five trials with 449 adults). There was also no difference in the amount of time taken for patients to be discharged as day-procedure (day surgery) from the operating room (one small study with 68 adults) compared to the 'do not drain' groups (one large study with 1143 adults) in terms of adverse events or the time it took for the operation to be performed. There is currently no evidence to support the routine use of drain after laparopoiesis. Further well-designed trials are necessary.
Forty-nine randomised trials with 3639 participants were found. All trials were conducted and published in China. Thirty-eight herbal medicines were tested in these trials, including four herbs (extracts from a single herb), eight traditional Chinese patent medicines, and 26 self concocted Chinese herbal medicines. The results of the trials were of low quality. There was not much evidence to support the use of herbal medicines for the treatment of diabetic peripheral neuropathy. There were too few trials to be sure whether herbal medicines are safe or not, and there was not enough data to be able to draw conclusions about the safety of these medicines. Most of the studies were of very low risk of bias.
We found five trials with 1382 men with advanced (T3 or T4) prostate cancer. All the trials were of short duration, had a low risk of bias, and did not assess the effect of IAS compared to CAS. Only one study (77 men with T3/T4 prostate cancer) compared IAS with CAS, and this was of short length. We found no evidence that IAS was as good as CAS for prolonging the life of patients with advanced prostate cancer, but we did find that it was as effective as CAS in terms of potency. We did not find any differences between IAS and CAS in the number of deaths, or in the amount of time patients had to live with the disease. We also found no difference in the risk of side effects (gastrointestinal, gynecomastia and asthenia), with the exception of impotence, which was significantly lower in the IAS group (RR 0.72, 95% CI 0.56 to 0.92, P = 0.008). Data from RCTs comparing IAS to CAS are limited by small sample size and short duration.
We found 12 trials with a total of 7,119 women. Five trials randomised women to use an IUD or to use a different type of IUD. One of them compared the use of the Copper 7 IUD versus the Lippes Loop IUD and found that women who used it were more than twice as likely to be able to get out of the IUD than those who did not use it. One study showed that the use and use of levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system or CuT380A IUD was more likely for women who were able to use it compared to those who were not able to do so. The other study found that if the woman was able to go to work, she was more than three times more likely to get back to work than if she did not. The evidence is up to date as of May 2016. The quality of the evidence was rated as being of low to very low. We found that insertion of an Iud immediately after an abortion is safe and practical. However, at six months postabortion, IUD use is higher in women who have used their IUD for at least six months compared to women who had used it for less than six months.
We searched for evidence up to May 2016. We found only one randomised controlled study that looked at the effects of meditation in people with leukaemia. Ninety-one adults with acute leukaemic malignancies were randomly put into one of two groups: one group was followed up for six months, and the other group was not. There was a high risk of bias due to the way in which the study was done and the way it was done. We did not find any data on the quality of life of the people in the group in which they were compared to those in the usual care group, and we did not know how long they had been in the treatment group, or how many days they had spent in hospital. We also did not see any data about the average age and sex of the patients in the study. We judged the overall quality of the evidence for all outcomes as'very low' due to a lack of data and the small size of the trial.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in September 2016. We found three RCTs with 110 healthy children who were siblings of people who had been in contact with a case of varicella. The children were followed up for at least three days after they had been exposed to the case of the virus. We did not find any studies that looked at the effects of the vaccine given to children who had not been vaccinated. We also did not identify any RCT for adults. Overall, 13 out of 56 (23%) of the children who received the PEP vaccine (involving 56 children) developed varicellitis compared with 42 out of 54 (78%) of those who did not receive PEP. Of those who received PEP, the majority only had mild disease (with fewer than 50 skin lesions). In the three trials, most of the people who were given PEP were vaccinated within three days of exposure; too few were vaccinated four to five days post-exposure to be able to assess the effect of PEP given more than three days. No studies looked at adverse events following PEP or other types of vaccine. We were not able to combine the results of the three studies as they were too few in size and had some flaws in the way they were done.
We found 12 RCTs, with 4704 participants, in this review. Eleven of the trials were at high risk of bias. There was no evidence that MRSA was tested or eradicated prior to surgery; nor does it appear that there was high prevalence of MRSA carrier status in the people undergoing surgery. There were no differences in the risk of death or serious adverse events in any of the 561 people randomised to the seven different antibiotic regimens in four trials (three trials that reported death and one other trial). None of the studies measured quality of life, the length of time spent in hospital, or the use of healthcare resources. In the 15 comparisons that compared one of the treatments with the other, there were no changes in the number of people who had MRSA infections. In one trial that compared an antibiotic regimen with a placebo, the rate of people with MRSA infection was lower in the group that received antibiotic prophylaxis with co-amoxiclav (or cefotaxime if allergic to penicillin) compared with the group with placebo (all SSI: RR 0.26; 95% CI 0.11 to 0.65; MRSA SSI RR 0,05; 95%) compared with placebo. Prophylactics were compared with no antibiotics in one trial. The number of deaths was 14/1401 (1.0%) and there was no difference between the groups in each of the individual comparisons. The overall all-cause mortality in four of the four trials that measured death was 1.0% and there were not any differences between the intervention and the control groups. Overall, 221/4032 (5.5%) people developed SSIs due to all organisms, and 46/4704 (1% of the total) people were affected by MRSA due to MRSA. In two trials that assessed MRSA in people with any body site other than SSI, 19/478 (4.5% of people) were infected with a MRSA-infected infection, and in the other trials, there was not a difference in the proportion of patients with any other infections. There is no evidence to suggest that using a combination of antibiotics or a longer course of antibiotics for an increased duration is of benefit to people who have had surgery in terms of reducing MRSA, although this may be due to a decrease in the amount of infection in the wound.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of women with PPROM who were to be followed up for at least 48 to 72 hours to see if they were at risk of having a caesarean birth. We found two RCTs (116 women) that compared planned home care with hospital care. Both trials were small and did not have a high risk of bias. There was not enough data to be sure whether there were any differences between the groups in terms of the number of women who died or were admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU). There was no evidence of differences between groups for serious neonatal morbidity, chorioamnionitis, gestational age at birth, birthweight and admission to neonatal inpatients' intensive care. Women who were managed at home were more than twice as likely to have their babies born alive and were more satisfied with their care. Home care was associated with less time spent in hospital and reduced costs. We did not find evidence that home care was better or worse than hospital care, but we did find some evidence that women who were given home care were more likely to be more than half as safe and less likely to need to have a caeasarean section. The evidence is up to date as of May 2016.
In this review, we looked at how the skin should be closed after caesarean section. We looked at the results of trials that compared the use of non-absorbable staples versus absorbable sutures. We found that staples are similar in terms of wound infection, pain and cosmesis, and these two are the most commonly used methods for skin closure after caearean surgery. However, it is important to note, that for both of these outcomes (wound infection and wound complication), the type of skin incision, i.e., Pfannenstiel or vertical incisions, may have a different effect. We also found that if staples are removed on day three, there is an increased risk of skin separation and the need for reclosure.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of green tea or black tea on the risk of CVD. We found 11 RCTs with a total of 821 participants. Seven of the trials examined a green tea intervention and four examined a black tea intervention. Dosage and form of both green and black tea differed between trials. The results showed that green tea was found to be more effective than black tea in lowering blood cholesterol and lowering systolic and diastolic blood pressure over six months. Green tea was also found to have a lower risk of high blood pressure and a higher risk of heart attack and stroke compared to black tea. When both tea types were analysed together they showed favourable effects on low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and blood pressure, but only a small number of studies were at risk of bias and the results were not stable to analysis. There were no adverse events in any of the studies. There are very few long-term studies to date that have looked at green or black teas for CVD prevention. The evidence is up to date as of May 2016.
This is an update of a review published in 2007. We searched for evidence in August 2010 and found no new trials. We found only one small study with 23 adults with asthma who had been treated with azathioprine for at least six months. Most of the people in the study had asthma and may have been suffering from comorbid lung disease. The results of the study did not support the use of azathiprine in the treatment of people with chronic asthma. There was a clear lack of evidence to show that this drug is safe and effective in people with asthma. Large, long-term studies with pre-defined ways of reducing the amount of the drug in the body are required before any conclusions can be made.
This is an update of a review that was first published in 2007. We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and found 56 RCTs with a total of 4068 adults with cancer. The majority of studies were carried out in people with breast cancer (28 studies). We found that exercise can be beneficial for people with cancer-related fatigue during and post-cancer treatment. We also found that people with solid tumours (such as breast and prostate cancer) were more than twice as likely to be able to cope with the effects of exercise compared to those with haematological malignancies. We did not find any studies that looked at people with other types of cancer (e.g. prostate cancer, lung cancer, liver cancer, skin cancer). We also did not identify any studies which looked at other forms of exercise. We were able to combine data for 1461 people who received an exercise intervention and 1187 people who did not. We found no differences between the two groups in terms of fatigue at the end of the two-year follow-up. However, we did find that people who had exercised for at least one week were more tired than those who had not exercised. We could not be sure whether this was due to the fact that they had not been able to exercise for a long time, or whether it was because of the way in which they had been treated. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016.
We found five trials with 3427 adults (16 to 65 years of age) who were followed up for at least five years. All five trials were conducted in the USA, Germany, Italy, the UK, the USA and the UK. One of the trials (EORTC 20012) was carried out in the UK and the other three were done in the Netherlands. We found that people with HL who received a high dose of BEACOPP were more than twice as likely to live five years longer than those who did not receive the same dose. This means that only 90 (70 to 117) patients will die after five years compared to 120 (120 to 120) in the ABVD arm. We are very uncertain how many women will be infertile due to chemotherapy and which arm might be favoured (very low-quality evidence). This is a very small sample, and the age of the patients was not detailed. We did not find any differences between the treatment regimens in terms of the number of deaths, recurrences or the occurrence of other types of malignancies. There was no difference in the risk of death from any cause, but there was a higher risk of recurrance and recurriation in people who received the higher dose of beacaprofloxacin compared to those who took the low dose. The quality of evidence was high for overall survival, but was low or very low for other outcomes. The overall risk of bias was low due to the way in which the trials were done and the way they were carried out.
We found 15 studies with a total of 1835 people with cancer. Most studies were conducted in high-income countries and most of them were aimed at breast cancer patients (seven trials) or men with prostate cancer (two trials). We did not find any studies on other types of cancer. We found low to low quality evidence that there is no difference in the effect of psycho-educations compared to care as usual on quality of life. We also found that there was no difference between the two groups in terms of the amount of time patients spent in hospital and in the number of days they spent in the intensive care unit (ICU). We found no evidence that any of the interventions were more or less effective than the other interventions. We were able to combine the results of five RCTs in which participants were followed up for at least six months after the end of the study. These studies compared the effects of a different type of treatment compared with the same type of care. The results showed that multidisciplinary interventions, such as the use of psychosocial, vocational and/or vocational components, led to higher rates of RTW than care as normal. We judged six of the studies to be at a high risk of bias and nine to have a low chance of bias. The evidence is up to date as of May 2016.
We found four trials with more than 13,000 women who were in labour. Three trials were funded by the hospitals where the trials took place and one was done in the UK and one in Scotland. We found that women who had CTG in labour were more likely to have a caesarean birth than those who did not have CTG. There was no clear difference in the number of deaths in the birth or in the length of time the baby was in the womb, but there was an increase in the chance of death in the first week after birth and in the second week of life. There were no differences between groups in other outcomes, such as the risk of hypoxic ischaemic encephalopathy (a condition in which the brain is not able to pump blood to the brain) and seizures in the neonatal period. The evidence is up to date as of May 2013. We did not find any evidence that CTG was better or worse than auscultation in women with low-risk of labouring or who were at high risk of having a stroke. Women who received CTG were more than twice as likely to be in labour for at least an hour longer than women who received intermittent CTG, and more than three times as many times as those who were not in labour at all. Women with low risk of a stroke were less likely to need CTG compared to those who received auscullation, and were more at risk of seizures in their newborn babies. The use of CTG should not be used for women who are at low risk on admission to the labour ward. Women should be informed that admission CTG is likely to lead to an increased risk of caesaropulmonary ventilator (CTG) in labour, and that the CTG may increase the chance that their baby will be born alive.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in May 2016. We found 32 RCTs with a total of 3666 women. Seventeen studies randomised women (total 3666), three randomised cycles (total 1018) and twelve randomised oocytes (over 15,230). It was not possible to pool any of the data because each study used a different culture medium. We did not find any studies that compared the same culture media and none of them found any evidence of a difference between the culture media used. Four of these studies found no differences between the media compared, for either day three or day five embryo transfer. The data from the fifth study did not appear to be reliable. One of these found a difference in the media used, suggesting that for cleavage-stage embryo transfer, Quinn's Advantage was associated with higher clinical pregnancy rates than G5 (odds ratio (OR) 1.56; 95% CI 1.12 to 2.16; 692 women). This study was available only as an abstract and the quality of the evidence was low. None of the studies found any differences in adverse effects, but six of them did not report on the number of women who had a miscarriage. We conclude that there is not enough evidence to support or refute the use of any specific culture medium in this area.
This is an update of an earlier search for this review. The search was done in May 2014. We identified 2847 citations. We did not find any randomised trials of methods of communicating a diagnosis of breast cancer to women. There were no randomised controlled trials of ways of communicating breast cancer diagnosis to women and we have not been able to draw any conclusions about the use of these methods. We have considered that it is perhaps unethical to randomise women at such a vulnerable time such as waiting for a diagnosis. As some of the papers reviewed by the authors related to the first consultation visit, where treatment options are discussed, perhaps a review which focused on the methods of communication at the first consultative visit would provide more reliable evidence for the effectiveness of these ways of communication and overcome the ethical dilemmas.
We found 17 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 1006 adults with NSCP who were randomly put into one of three or more treatment groups. All studies had a high risk of bias due to the way in which they were done and the way they were carried out. We found that there was a small amount of variation in the results of the RCTs in terms of how they were designed and how the results were measured. We also found that the number of days that people had no chest pain in the first three months after the treatment was compared with those days that they did not have chest pain. There was also a reduction in the frequency of chest pain up to three months, but there was no effect on the severity of the pain. We did not find evidence of an effect of the treatment on the occurrence of any of the other measures we looked at. We could not tell whether or not the people in the treatment group knew which group they were in because it was impossible to blind the therapists as to whether they were taking part in the intervention or not. In addition, in three studies the blinding of the therapists was not allowed because of the way the study was done. For this reason, we were not able to draw any conclusions about the effects of the interventions. We concluded that there is some evidence to suggest that there may be a modest to moderate benefit for people with NSCs who have been treated with a cognitive-behavioural framework, but this was limited to the first few weeks after the intervention. There is a need for longer-term studies with at least 12 months of follow-up. Hypnotherapy is also a treatment option.
We found 30 trials with a total of 4344 participants, with 17 different drugs or treatments. We found that topical antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers reduce symptoms and signs of allergic conjunctivitis in the short term when compared with placebo, but there is no long-term data on their effects. There were no serious side effects. We did not find evidence that any of the drugs were more or less safe and well-travelled than placebo. The quality of the trials was variable, but overall the risk of bias was low.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in May 2016. We found three RCTs (1505 participants in total) with a total of 2,500 Indigenous youth aged 12 to 18 years of age. The studies were based in the USA, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, and New Zealand. The evidence is up to date as of May 2017. The results of this review are up-to-date as of April 2017. We identified one RCT in the US and one in the UK. The RCT was funded by the US Department of Health and the other by the Australian Aboriginal Health and Resilience Council (AICRC). Both studies were of high risk of bias, which means that we are not able to be sure whether or not they were carried out in a way that would have an effect on the results of the RCT. There was no difference between the groups in terms of weekly use of smokeless and smokeless tobacco use at 42 weeks follow-up in the one study, but there was a difference in weekly use at six months after the end of the study. The other RCT did not show a significant change in the number of children who used smokeless or smokeless cigarettes at six month after the study was done, but this was not observed in the other study. We judged the quality of the studies to be low or very low because of the way in which they were done and the way they were run. We also found that both studies were at high or low risk of being at risk of imprecision, which meant that we could not be sure if they were conducted in the same way.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of women with sickle cell anaemia (HbSC and HbSβThal). We found one RCT with 72 women with HbSS. The trial was at unclear risk of bias. There were few events for most of the outcomes and the results were generally imprecise. We found that there were no deaths in the women who received prophylactic blood transfusion compared with those who did not. There was no difference between the groups in terms of the number of deaths, perinatal mortality, or markers of severe maternal morbidity (pulmonary embolism (no events), congestive heart failure (very low-risk) and acute chest syndrome (very-low-risk), and haemolytic crises (low- risk of blood clotting in the blood) between the treatment groups (prophylacic blood transfusions). Low- and very low-quality evidence from one small RCT of very low to very low quality showed no clear differences in the risk of death in the mothers or in the babies in the two groups of women who were compared. We did not find any evidence that there was a difference in the amount of blood that was transfused in the infants in the group that did not have HbSC/HbS βThal. We were not able to combine the results of this RCT because of the small size of the RCT and the way in which it was done. We are unable to draw any conclusions about the best way of giving blood to pregnant women with other types of sickle cells (i.e. Hb SC and HBSC).
We found 67 randomised trials with a total of 6197 people. A total of 5771 participants from 64 trials were assessed for one or more outcomes in this review. Most of the trials were at high risk of bias. There was no difference in most of the comparisons, and where there was, these were in single trials, mostly of small sample size. We summarised only the evidence that was available in more than one trial below. We found no differences in the number of adverse events (complications) with radiofibre sealer compared with the clamp-crush method, but we did find more adverse events with fibrin sealant. We also found that blood transfusion (proportion) was higher in the low venous pressure group than in the acute normovolemic haemodilution plus low central venous blood pressure group; blood transfusions (number of red blood cells) were lower in the high-pressure group than the low-penetration group; and blood loss, time spent in the hospital, and operating time were lower with low-pressure groups than with high-enrichment groups. We did not find any differences in quality of life or time needed to return to work. For the other comparisons, the evidence was based on only a few trials, and most of them were of very low or very low quality. We could not assess whether there were any differences between the two groups in terms of the amount of blood lost, blood transfused, or the length of time in hospital. We were unable to assess whether any of the studies were of high or low quality, and we could not tell whether there was any difference between the groups for any of our main outcomes. We rated the quality of the evidence as very low for all of the outcomes we looked at. The evidence is up to date as of May 2016.
Twenty-three trials with 724 people were found. There is evidence to show that the use of retinoids (retinoids combined with PUVA and retinoid alone) is better than the individual treatments. The use of topical steroid under hydrocolloid occlusion is beneficial. It would also appear that low dose ciclosporin, tetracycline antibiotics and Grenz Ray Therapy may be useful in treating PPP. Colchicine has a lot of side effects and it is not clear if it is effective and neither was topical PUVA. There was no evidence to suggest that short-term treatment with hydroxycarbamide (hydroxyurea) is effective. Many of the treatments used to treat PPP were reported to be effective, but there is no standardised method for assessing response to treatment, and reductions in pustule counts or other measures may be of little relevance to the patient.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of loop diuretic drugs in adults with high blood pressure. We found nine RCTs with 460 adults with a blood pressure of 162/103 mmHg for a mean duration of 8.8 weeks. The drugs were furosemide 40 mg to 60 mg, cicletanine 100 mg to 150 mg, piretanide 3 mg to 6 mg, indacrinone enantiomer -2.5 mg to -10.0/+80 mg, and etozolin 200 mg. We did not find any studies that looked at the dose of the drugs used to lower blood pressure, or the dose at which the drugs were used. We also did not look at the effect of the drug on the risk of adverse events. The quality of evidence for both systolic and diastolic blood pressure levels was low due to the high risk of bias of the trials and the high likelihood of publication bias.
We found 58 randomised trials with 2849 adults who had elective laparoscopic cholecystectomy. Most of the trials were at high risk of bias. Most trials included only low anaesthetised adults who were at low risk of having a gallbladder removed by laparoscopy. There was no death in either group in the eight trials that reported death (0/236 (0%) in the local anaesthetic group versus 0/210 (0% in the control group; very low) and one death in the other group (446 (0.4%) out of 446) in the treatment group). There were no deaths in the two groups in the four trials that did not report death. There were also no deaths or serious side-effects in any of the 715 adults who received local anaesthesia. None of the studies assessed the effect of the use of the different types of local anaesthetics, the location of the operation (subdiaphragm, gallbladders bed, or both), and timing (before or after the removal of the gallblad) of the surgery. The quality of the evidence was very low. The number of people who were discharged as day surgery was imprecise and there was no difference between the groups (three trials; 242 participants; 89/160 (adjusted proportion 61.0%) and 40/82 (48.8%) in control group). The length of time spent in hospital was similar (five trials; 335 participants; low) in both groups. The pain scores as measured by the visual analogue scale (VAS) were lower in the people who had been given the injection than those who had not received the injection (very low) at four to eight hours, and at nine to 24 hours (low) and at five days (high) and six days (very high) and nine days (low, very low, and high) after the operation. The duration of hospital stay was the same (five studies; 335 people; low, low, or very high) in each group (five, high, or high). There was little or no difference in the amount of time people had to spend in the hospital after the surgery (five and high, low or high) or the length of the time they had to be in hospital (low or high, very high or very low). The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The evidence is current to May 2017.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of antigens in people with P. falciparum. We found 74 RCTs, which are tests that use antibodies to test for a specific antigen (such as pLDH) in the blood. We compared the results of these tests with each other or with microscopy. We also looked at how well the tests worked, and how well they worked together. We did not find any evidence that any of the tests were more or less accurate than the other tests, but we did find evidence that some of them worked better than others. We were able to combine the findings of the studies to find out which tests worked best, and we did not have enough data to be sure that they worked as well as they should. We could not be sure if any of them were as good as we would have liked, or if they were as poor as we thought they were. We are not sure whether the tests are as good or worse than they should be, or whether they are as accurate as we think they are.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of short-term changes in the amount of time doctors spent with patients. We found five RCTs. All were conducted in the UK, and all were of low to very low risk of bias. We did not find evidence to support or refute a change in the length of the time doctors spend with a patient. We are not able to draw any conclusions about the benefits or harms of this change in practice. It is possible that these findings may change if high-quality trials are reported in the future.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of high dose versus low dose stavudine in adults with HIV/AIDS. We found three RCTs with 157 adults aged 18 years or over. All three trials were conducted in the USA, UK, France, Germany and Italy. The trials were at a high risk of bias due to the way in which they were done and the way they were carried out. There was no difference between the high dose and low dose groups in virologic suppression and there was no clear difference in the number of people who had a low or high dose of the drug at the end of treatment. There were also no differences between the groups in the amount of blood in the blood or body mass in the body. The studies did not show that any of the studies had any serious side effects. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of the dose of stvudine compared to low dose. The results of the trials were imprecise and we do not know if there is a clear difference between low dose and high dose. We are not able to draw any conclusions from the results of these trials as they were all done in developed countries and none of them were done in the developing world.
We found 10 trials with a total of 1658 adults with ARDS. Six of the trials (1370 and 1508 adults) were randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in which participants were randomly put into one of two or more groups. Six trials (1450 and 1313 adults) took place in the intensive care unit (ICU) and four RCTs (1313 and 1450 adults) in the out-of-hospital (in-hospital) setting. The other five (1350 and 1413 participants) were in the control group (involving the same number of adults). We found five trials to be at low risk of bias, and five were at high risk. We found no differences in the risk of death in the ICU or in the in-hospital. We also found no difference in risk of barotrauma. We downgraded the quality of the evidence to low, as most of the studies had co-interventions as part of an open lung ventilation strategy, and this might have influenced results of the outcome.
Fifteen studies, with a total of 687 adults, were included in the review. The quality of the studies was poor and the number of participants was too small to be sure of the results. We were unable to draw firm conclusions for the role of these techniques in the treatment of adults with asthma due to the lack of evidence. The use of 'as needed' medications was reduced in two studies, (47 patients), by the use of relaxation therapy. There was no difference in FEV1 in four studies of 150 patients, (SMD -0.01, CI 0.41 to 0.40). Quality of life, measured using the Asthma Quality of Life Questionnaire in two trials, (48 patients), showed a positive effect in favour of CBT (WMD 0.71,CI 0.23 to 1.19). Peak Expiratory Flow (PFEV1) data in the same group of 50 adults, (51 patients) showed a significant improvement in the amount of air they were able to breathe, but there was no change in the level of depression. There were no differences between the different types of interventions used and the studies were not well-conducted.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in which people were randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups (antidepressant or benzodiazepine). We found 35 RCTs, with a total of 6785 participants. We found low- to very low-quality evidence that there was no difference in the number of people who dropped out of the treatment group due to any cause. Very low-to-very low-risk of side effects was very low. We did not find any difference between the two drugs in terms of adverse effects, but we did find some evidence that SSRIs are better tolerated than TCAs (when looking at the risk of side-effects). We could not find evidence of a difference in side-side effects between the drugs used in the studies. Most of the studies did not report details on how they were done, so it is not clear if there was any bias in the way they were carried out. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The evidence is current to May 2017.
Twenty-nine trials, with over 1,700 patients with pancreatic carcinoma, were found. Three trials compared plastic stents to surgery. One study compared metal stent to surgery and found that the use of metal stents reduced the risk of death at the end of the operation. There was a trend towards a lower risk of 30-day death with plastic stent compared with surgery. However, there was no difference in risk of technical failure, adverse events or death at 30 days. The use of an anti-reflux valve improved the patency of Teflon stents. When different types of stents were compared to polyethylene stents, only perflouro alkoxy (Teflon) stents had a better patency in one study.
We searched for evidence in May 2016. We found five RCTs with 444 arterial catheters in paediatric patients. Four studies compared the use of ultrasound with palpation, and one compared ultrasound with Doppler auditory assistance. We did not find any studies that looked at the rate of adverse events, such as haematoma (blood clotting) or blood clotting in the arterial line. We also did not identify any randomised controlled trials that compared ultrasound guidance with other types of guidance. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2017. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2017. We included five studies with a mean age of five years. The number of children in each study ranged from three to 12 years. We compared the results of the trials with each other, and we found that the results were similar across the five studies. We were able to combine the results from four of the studies, but we could not be sure whether this was due to the way in which the study was done, or the way it was done. The quality of the evidence was moderate, which means that we are able to be more certain about the results. We rated the quality of evidence for all outcomes as moderate owing to imprecision due to wide risk of bias, small numbers of events, and small sample sizes.
We searched for evidence up to May 2015. We found one study (80 men aged 18 years or over) and three other studies (80 male students aged 18 to 25 years) in the UK, USA, and Canada. One of the studies was from the UK and the other two were from the USA and the third was from Canada. The results from the three studies were inconsistent. One study compared the use of a total ban on all forms of alcohol advertising to a partial ban on spirits advertising only, which used an Abrupt Auto-regressive (A-regressive) model. The other two studies were from Canada and the USA. None of the trials were funded by the alcohol or advertising industry. The evidence is up-to-date as of April 2015. There is a lack of evidence to show whether or not there is a difference in the amount of people who drink or do not drink, or whether there is an increase or a decrease in the number of drinks consumed, or if there is any difference between men and women in terms of how much or how little they drink. We judged the quality of the evidence to be very low due to serious risk of bias and imprecision in the results.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing high MCT with low MCT in the short-term and long-term growth of infants. We found eight RCTs with 182 infants. There was no difference between the two types of MCTs in terms of growth, weight gain, length gain, head circumference gain, or adverse effects. There were no differences between the types of formula used in the long term growth of the infants, and there was no evidence of difference in the number of infants who developed necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC). There were conflicting results as to whether or not infants were more or less able to drink their own formula, and whether they were able to eat their own food. We did not find any differences in the risk of death from any of the different types of the MCT formula. We also found no differences in adverse effects between the high and low-MCT type of formula. There is not enough data to be able to draw any conclusions about the effects of either formula type on the growth and development of the infant. We concluded that there was not enough evidence to conclude that either formula was better or worse than the other for short- term growth or adverse events.
We searched for trials up to May 2016. We found one study with 34 women who had chorioamnionitis. All women received amnioinfusion with saline (at room temperature) for 60 minutes, then 3 mL per minute for the rest of the day up to the time of birth. They were followed up for at least 24 hours after birth. We did not find any trials that used transabdominopancreas. The study was at a high risk of bias due to the small number of women in the study and the way it was done. There was no clear difference between the groups in terms of the occurrence of postpartum endometritis, neonatal infection, or caesarean birth. There were no clear differences in the length of time the babies were in the neonatal intensive care unit (ICU) or in the amount of time they spent in intensive care. The number of babies who had a low Apgar score at five minutes after birth was not reported in the trial. The trial did not report on this review's other outcomes, such as how many babies had a lower temperature at birth, or how long they were in hospital, but this outcome was not pre-specified in the protocol for this review. The evidence is up to date as of May 2015. There is not enough evidence to fully evaluate the use of transcervical amniol in the treatment of chorioaminionitis and to assess the safety of this intervention or women’s satisfaction.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing the Mini-Cog with other short-term tests in adults with mild to moderate cognitive impairment. We found three RCTs, with a total of 1620 adults, that met our inclusion criteria. There was too much variation in the way in which the studies were done to be able to combine the results of the studies. There were too few studies to be sure whether or not the test was as good as it could be, and there were too many problems with the way that the RCT was done. We did not find any evidence to show that the test worked as well as we would have liked, or that it was as accurate as we thought it was.
We found 19 randomised studies with 2521 adults with ADHD. Most were middle-aged (35.3 years), and most were Caucasian males (57.2%), with a combined type of ADHD (78.8%). Eighteen studies were conducted in the USA, and one was done in both Canada and the USA. We found no studies that had low risk of bias in all domains of the Cochrane 'Risk of bias’ tool, mainly because amphetamines have powerful subjective effects that may reveal the assigned treatment, but also because we could not rule out the possibility of a carry-over effect in studies that used a cross-over design. Most studies had short-term follow-up and a mean study length of 5.3 weeks. We did not find any evidence that any of the three types of amphetamine were more or less effective than the other, but we did find that all three were more effective than placebo. We also found that all of the drugs were safe and well-taken, and that they were not as harmful as the other drugs. However, we found that some of these drugs were more harmful than others, and we did not have enough data to be able to say whether any of them were better or worse than the others.
This is an update of a review that was first published in 2012. We found 10 studies with a total of 811 adults with a range of chronic pain. The evidence is up to date as of May 2017. We included six new studies (517 participants) in this update, bringing the number of trials to 10. The studies were heterogeneous with regard to the type of pain, the chronic pain that was investigated, the dose of vitamin D given, co-interventions, and the outcome measures reported. Only two of the studies measured the pain of people who were treated with or not. The other three studies measured pain of those who were not treated. Overall, there was no difference in the amount of pain experienced by people who received or did not take part in any of the trials compared with those who did not. Adverse events and withdrawals were relatively infrequent, and there was little or no difference between those who took part in the studies and those not. Based on this evidence, we do not think that there is a large beneficial effect of the use of the vitamin D in people with chronic pain, but we are not sure whether this is true for people with other types of pain.
Forty-one randomised controlled trials (RCTs) were included in this review. Twenty-seven studies were RCTs, 12 were CBAs, and two were ITS. The studies were heterogeneous in terms of interventions, participants, settings and outcomes. In all studies the intervention strategy was multifaceted. In 12 studies the interventions were targeted at health professionals, in nine they were focused on the organisation of care, and in 20 they were aimed at both. In 15 of the studies the role of the nurse was added to the interventions. The quality of the trials was often poor and the methods were often poor. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The evidence is up-to-date to May 2017.
We found five trials with a total of 1503 women aged 25 years and over. The trials compared the use of the LNG-IUS versus a transdermal contraceptive patch, vaginal contraceptive ring, or levonorgestrel intrauterine system 20 µg/day. The women were followed for at least six months after the end of the trial. We found no evidence that any of the methods were more or less effective than the other methods. There was no difference in the number of women who dropped out of the study for 'other personal reasons' compared with those who were in the group that was in the COC group. We did not find any differences between the methods in terms of whether or not the women were able to continue to use the method for longer than six months. However, we did find that women who received LNGs were at least as good as those who did not. We also found that a LNG was as good or better than a COC for women who stopped using it for other reasons, but we could not tell whether this was due to the fact that we did not know which method they were using. We considered the overall quality of the evidence to be moderate to low. Limitations were due to trial design or small sample sizes.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of people with asthma who were at high risk of developing anaphylaxis. We found 88 RCTs with a mean age of 18 years or over. There were 42 trials for house mites, 27 for pollen, 10 for animal dander, and six each for Cladosporium mould, two for latex and six for other types of allergen. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of inhaled inhaled steroids. We were able to combine data from 16 of the trials and found that there was a significant reduction in the number of patients who had an allergic flare-up. There was no difference in the severity of the flare-ups, but there was improvement in symptoms and use of inhalers. We could not be sure whether this was due to the way in which the trials were done, or whether it was because of the way they were done.
This is an update of a Cochrane review published in 2012. We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in which people with acute lung injury were put on a ventilator for at least one day to help them to breathe. We did not find any new RCTs. We found six trials with 1297 patients. The results showed that lung-protective ventilators reduced the risk of death at day 28 and at the end of the hospital stay. There was not enough evidence to say whether this had an effect on long-term death. The quality of the evidence was poor, and we could not be sure whether there was any difference between the two groups in terms of the number of deaths or the amount of time patients spent in the hospital. We were not able to combine the results of the trials because of differences in the way they were done and the way in which they were carried out.
We found 15 studies with 1833 patients. We found that the use of isoflurane is comparable with the inhalation of propofol to help patients to come out of anaesthesia. However, we did not find any studies that were of high quality. We also found that there was no difference in the risk of adverse events between the two drugs. We were able to combine the results from two trials to show that the time it took for a patient to come to the end of anaesthetism was longer with isofLurane (3.29 hours) than with propofolic acid (2.18 hours) and time to emerge from anaesthesia was not more than 0.28 hours longer with sevoflulane (4.12 hours). We found no differences between the drugs in terms of side effects, but we did find that there were more side effects with prop ofol (1.07 points on a 100-point scale) and greater risk of haemodialysis (changes in blood flow to the brain) with proporol (0.85 points). We did not see any differences in the risks of shivering or pain. We concluded that the results of this review are of low quality, and that more randomised controlled trials are needed.
We found four trials with a total of 15,936 adults with a mean age of 75.4 years. Mean blood pressure at the time of study was 171/86 mmHg. The results of the trials showed that there was no evidence that lowering blood pressure in late-life reduced the risk of dementia or cognitive impairment in people with high blood pressure who had not had cerebrovascular disease. However, the results from the three trials that looked at the effect of lowering blood levels in the brain did not show a difference in the number of people who had a change in the way they felt, or were able to do their daily activities of life. There was also no difference between those who took the drug and those who did not take the drug. Three of the four trials did not look at the effects of lowering the blood levels of the brain in the blood in the long-term. There were no differences between the trials in terms of quality of life, but there was some variation in the results between the studies. There is no evidence from the trials to show that blood pressure lowering in the last year of life prevents the development of dementia in high-blood pressure patients with no known brain damage. Quality of life data could not be analysed in the four studies. The quality of the studies was poor due to the fact that many of the participants had high blood pressures at the start of the study. In most cases the study became a comparison between the study drug and a usual antihypertensive regimen.
We found 12 randomised studies with 3474 patients. We found that PTCRA/PTCA did not result in an increase in the risk of major adverse events (myocardial infarction (MI), emergency heart surgery or death) during the in-hospital period (RR 1.27; 95% CI 0.86 to 1.90). Compared to angioplasty alone, the use of PTCra did not lead to a higher incidence of major side effects, but there was a greater risk of a perforation of the vessel (perforation) and about twice the chance of a vessel occlusion (occlusion of a blood clot in the vessel). There was no difference in the rate of re-stent re-stenosis between those who were treated with PTCA and those who did not. We did not find any differences in the number of patients who had to be re-vascularised in the first year after the procedure was done. There was also no difference between those treated with the same type of balloon angiopulmonary valve (PTCRA) compared to those who had not been treated with a balloon. There were no differences between the groups in terms of length of stay in the hospital or in the length of time it took for the balloon to be removed. The quality of the evidence was not high. We judged that most of the studies were at high risk of bias due to a lack of evidence.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of nebulised rhDNase in children under 24 months of age with acute bronchiolitis. We found three RCTs with 333 children. One of the studies was from the USA and the other was from Italy. All three studies used 2.5 mL (1 mg/mL) of nebulised rh DNase compared with a placebo (a drug that does not contain any active drug). All three were multicentre studies with a total of 333 participants. The other study was from a hospital in Italy and the third was from an Australian hospital. The results of the three studies did not show a difference in the length of time spent in the intensive care unit (ICU) or in the number of days in the ICU. There was no difference between the two treatment groups in terms of the amount of time children spent in intensive care. The largest RCT showed no effect on the use or use of supplemental oxygen. In one RCT, four out of 11 children in the treatment group had atelectasis. Two of these patients showed a marked improvement in their symptoms after nebulise. There were no differences between the groups in adverse events. These were shortness of breath, coughs, nasal rash, hoarseness, dyspnoea and bad taste. We did not find any evidence that nebulises were better than placebo in children with atelectitis. It might have a role in people with severe cases of atelectisia, but more studies would need to be done.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the use of the percutaneous approach with the cut-down femoral artery approach. We found two RCTs with a total of 181 participants. One RCT had a small sample size and did not report how it was done. The other RCT was a larger RCT with few sources of bias and good methodology. We did not find any evidence that there was a difference in the risk of death, aneurysm (hole in the wall of the heart) or major complications. There was no difference between the groups in the number of people who died, the length of time they spent in the intensive care unit (ICU) or the time they were in hospital. There were no deaths in the group that was not in the ICU or in the hospital, and there was no change in the amount of time spent in intensive care. We also found no differences in the percentage of patients who had a wound infection. We were able to combine the results from one RCT and found that there were no differences between the two groups in terms of length of stay in the ICT unit or in length of hospital stay, but there was an increase in the time it took to perform surgery. We rated the quality of the RCT evidence as being of low to very low due to the small number of studies and imprecision in the results. We downgraded the quality to moderate due to imprecise results, low event numbers and low risk of bias.
In this review, we found that spermicides were less effective than the diaphragm in the use of the sponge in preventing pregnancy. We found that the sponge was less than twice as good as the diapragm at the end of 12 months of use, and that women who used the sponge were more likely to have adverse effects. We did not find any new trials.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in September 2016. We found six RCTs that looked at the use of drugs (drugs) to help people with brain tumours to prevent or ameliorate the effects of the tumour in adults with brain metastasies. We did not find any studies that compared drugs with placebo (a fake drug) or with other drugs (such as modafinil, methylphenidate, d-threo-methylphenidate HCL, and donepezil). We also found no RCT or RCT for the treatment of people with other types of brain tumour. There were a number of limitations in the way the studies were done, so we were not able to combine the results of the studies. There was also a lack of evidence to show whether any of the drugs used in the RCT were effective in the prevention of cognitive loss, or whether any other drugs or other drugs were helpful in the amelion of the effects. There is no strong evidence to support any non-pharmaceutical drugs or drugs for the prevention or amlioration of the cognitive loss in adults who have been treated with cranial irradiation. The quality of the evidence was low or very low because of the small number of people in the studies and the way in which they were done.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to May 2016. We found two RCTs, with 26 adults aged 17 to 55 years. Both were at high risk of bias. One was from the USA, and the other from the UK. Both trials investigated the effect of low-level laser treatment compared to the use of a placebo (dilute laser) for the treatment of people with inferior alveolar and lingual nerve injuries. The age range of the people in the studies was between 17 and 55 years, with a mean age of 65 years. In one of the studies, there was some improvement in the quality of the results, but the results were imprecise. In the other, there were problems with the way the study was carried out and the way it was done, which may have led to bias in the results. There was no difference between the groups in terms of the number of patients who dropped out of the treatment group and those who did not take part in the trial. The other study did not report on the effects of the laser treatment on pain, pain, or taste. No studies looked at the effect on the other main outcomes of pain, such as whether or not people were able to eat or speak, or whether they had any side effects. There is a need for randomised clinical trials to investigate the effectiveness of surgical, medical and psychological treatments for iatrogenic (alveolal) and lingal (lungal) nerve injuries in people with this type of injury. These trials should look at the impact of these treatments have on patient-focused outcomes such as pain, quality of life and side effects, as well as how long it takes to recover from the injury.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the use of combined oestrogen and progestogen with no oestrogens or progestogens in women who were at high risk of miscarriage or preterm birth (less than 34 weeks of age). We found two RCTs (281 pregnancies and 282 fetuses) that met our criteria. One study (involving 161 pregnancies) was based on women with a history of diabetes. It showed no difference in the rate of miscarriage, perinatal death or rates of preterm births between the treatment group and the no-treatment group. The other RCT (based on pregnant women who had undergone in-vitro fertilisation (IVF)) showed no differences in the number of miscarriages between the group of women who received oestrogestogen and the group that did not. There was no difference between the groups in terms of the risk of cancer other than that of the reproductive system in the mothers, but there were no differences between groups for other outcomes, such as low birthweight of less than 2500 g, abnormalities in the offspring, abnormalities other than the genital tract in the children, or cancer in the body other than of the womb in the child. The study did not report on this review's other main outcomes (perinatal deaths or rates in the birth or death of the baby), nor on any of our other outcomes. There is not enough evidence from randomised trials to assess whether the combination of oestrodilator and progesterone is effective in preventing miscarriages. We strongly recommend that more randomised studies are done in this area.
This is a Cochrane review of 14 studies with a total of 1364 people. Ten of these were from the USA, one was from the UK, and the other three were from Australia. The studies were of short duration, with a mean follow-up of 6-8 weeks. The number of participants in the treatment groups was 1364 and in the placebo groups 919. We found that both TCAs and SSRIs are safe and well-taken, and both are effective in the short term for people with mild to moderate levels of depression.
This is an update of a Cochrane Cochrane review that looked at ibuprofen for the treatment of migraines. We found nine studies with a total of 5223 people with mild to severe migraine headaches. All of the people in the studies were adults, and most of them were male. All but one of them was male, and the other three were women. The average age of the patients ranged from 18 years to 65 years. Ibuproen 400 mg was better than 200 mg for 2-hour and 24-hour pain-free and headache-relief. The higher dose was also better than the lower dose for 1-hour, but not 2- hour, headache relief. Soluble formulations of the drug were better than standard tablets, but they were not as good for longer-term pain relief. Adverse events were mostly mild and transient, occurring at the same rate as with placebo. We did not find any data on side effects.
We included 43 randomized controlled trials (3497 adults with dry eye). We found that, in general, there was uncertainty whether any of the different types of OTC artificial tears were more or less effective than each other when compared with each other or placebo. However, we found that 0.2% and 1.4% polyacrylic acid-based ointments were more effective than polyvinyl alcohol-based OTC ointment at relieving dry eye. We also found that OTC OTC tears may be safe, but not without adverse events. We did not find any data on the use of other types of artificial tears. We found 18 trials that did not report their results. These trials did not have enough data to be able to draw conclusions about the effectiveness of individual OTC tear formulations. Overall, we assessed the quality of evidence as low due to high risks of bias in the way the trials were designed and the way they were done.
This is an update of a review published in 2013. We found one randomised trial in 136 people with HIV who had failed first-line antiretroviral (ART) regimens. There was no difference between those who took lamivudine in second-line regimens and those who did not in their subsequent regimens after six months and time to HIV-1 RNA suppression. We did not find any studies comparing boosted protease inhibitors (PIs) or nucleoside-based regimens with non-thymidine analogs. There were no trials that looked at the use of boosted PIs in people who had not been on the first antiviral regimens recommended by the World Health Organization (WHO). There were also no randomised trials that tested the effect of PIs compared with other types of drugs. We concluded that there is a need for more research in this area.
We included 133 studies with a total of 844,206 adults. We found that all of the tests were of low or very low risk of bias. We also found that there was a high chance of bias in the way they were done, and that the results were not always the same across the studies. We did not find any studies that looked at the same tests in the same way, so we could not be sure whether the same test was used in all of them. We were able to combine the results of the different tests to find out which tests were the best to test for different types of airway problems in adults. For the tests we looked at, we found that the upper lip bite test was the best test for testing for difficult tracheal intubation. For difficult laryngoscopy, the results ranged from 0.22 (95% CI 0.13 to 0.33; mouth opening test) to 067 (95%) and 0.95 (95%). For the other tests, we did not have enough data to be able to say whether they were as good as they could be. We could not tell whether the tests worked as well as we would have liked, or if they were any more or less good than we thought they were. The tests we found were of very low to very low sensitivity, and we were not able to be sure that they worked as they were designed to do so. We do not know if they are as good or worse than we would like them to be, but we do not think they are any worse than they used to be.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in September 2016. We found 63 RCTs with a total of 8014 participants. Of these, 56 trials were done in infants and young children. The trials were undertaken in a wide range of different settings and varied greatly in the type of probiotics tested, dosage, and participants' characteristics. Probiotics reduced the duration of diarrhoea, although the size of the effect was variable. The average of the effects was 24.76 hours, with a mean of 24.6 hours, and a mean duration of 4.6 days. The number of days that the children had diarrhoeas ranged from 0.5 days to 4.4 days, and the number of times they had to go to the toilet ranged from 1.5 to 3.5 times per day. No adverse events were found. The quality of the trials varied in the way in which they were done and the way they were carried out, as well as in the risk of bias. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2017.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of this new form of treatment. We found one RCT with 52 adults with a range of ages from 18 to 65 years of age. It compared the short-term (up to six months) and medium-term effects of nidotherapy-enhanced standard care with standard care alone. The study was of low to very low risk of bias due to the way it was done and the fact that it was a 'pilot' study. We did not find any other RCTs of this type. The results of the RCT showed that people who received nidosurgery compared with those who did not received it were more likely to be able to cope with their day-to-day life and to engage with non-inpatient services in both the short term and in the long-term. However, we were not able to tell whether this was true in the short or the long term. We also did not see evidence of a difference between the two groups in terms of the number of deaths or adverse events. We judged the quality of the study to be very low, which means that we are very uncertain about the results.
We found eight studies with a total of 3283 participants. Five (3283 participants) were randomised to pregabalin (150, 300, 450, or 600 mg daily) or placebo, with assessment after 8 to 13 weeks of stable treatment. Two studies (1492 and 687 participants) had an EERW design in which those with good pain relief after titration were given a dose of 300 to 600 mg or a short down-titration to placebo for 13 or 26 weeks. One (177 participants) compared a daily dose of 600 mg with twice-a-day dose, and concluded there was no difference in effect. The other (177 patients) did not find a difference between the daily dose and the twice-daily dose. We found that people who had good pain reduction after titratation were more than twice as likely to be able to live with their pain over 12 to 26 weeks compared to those who did not have good pain control. Pregabalin increased the number of people who were able to take their painkillers for at least 12 or 13 weeks compared with those who were not able to do so. We also found that the quality of the evidence was high for most of the main outcomes, and very low for some of them. Withdrawals due to adverse events were about 10% more common with the 600 mg dose than with the 300 mg dose, but withdrawals due to lack of effect were about 6% less. Serious adverse events did not differ between the two groups. The quality of evidence ranged from very low to high for all of the outcomes. The main results were that people with mild to very low pain were more likely to have a low pain level when they took their painkiller (low to moderate pain) than those who took their medicine (high to high). People with moderate pain were about 11% more likely than those with low pain levels to have low pain, but were about 4% less likely to drop out of the study due to a lack of pain relief. People with high pain levels were about 9% more than those in the placebo group (high) and about 14% more with the 400 mg dose (high). Serious side effects were about the same with both groups (very low to low) but were more common in the 450 mg dose group. People who had low pain (low pain) were about 1.5 times as many times as those who had high pain (high pain) and were about 3 times as often as those with higher pain (very high pain) when they were given 400 mg (high dose). People who were treated with 600 mg (low dose) or 300 mg (higher dose) had about 1% more pain than those treated with 400 mg. People taking 600 mg were about twice as many as those taking 300 mg, and about 4 times as much as those on 300 mg. The number of deaths was about 1 in 10 (high quality) and 1 in 20 (low quality) compared with 1 in 100 (low or very low) with placebo. People in all groups were more prone to side effects than those taking placebo (high, very low, or low pain). People in both groups were less prone to dizziness, somnolence, weight gain, and peripheral oedema (pain in the legs and feet). We found no differences between the groups in terms of side effects. We did not identify any studies that had been designed to look at the effects of the same dose of the drug in a large group of people with moderate to high pain. We judged the evidence to be of high or low risk of bias.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of women with mild pre-eclampsia at term. We found one RCT (involving 135 women) that was at a low risk of bias. The trial did not report any of this review's prespecified outcomes. There was no difference between the groups in Apgar score less than seven at five minutes, gestational age at birth, or maternal side effects (feeling warm and flushed). There were more adverse events in the women in the magnesium sulphate group than in the placebo group. However, there was no change in adverse events severe enough to stop treatment. There were no differences seen between groups in the rates of postpartum haemorrhage and caesarean section. There is currently no evidence to assess the efficacy and safety of the use of this drug for the birth of the preterm baby.
In this review, we searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of the use of different types of interventions to help people to stop or stop using tobacco. We found four RCTs that met our inclusion criteria. Two of the studies used a drug to help the person to quit, and the other two used a combination of a drug and a cognitive and behavioural treatment to help them to quit. One of the interventions was delivered via text message, while the other was delivered by a group of doctors who had been trained in the techniques used to help those to quit or to stop. The results of this review show that, compared to non-Indigenous populations, people from Indigenous groups are more than twice as likely to be able to quit their use of tobacco. This is due to the fact that they are over-represented in the number of deaths due to smoking and are more likely to have a higher risk of developing lung cancer. This review highlights the paucity of evidence available to evaluate the effectiveness of these interventions, despite the known success of these treatments in other parts of the world. Due to this lack of evidence, we are not able to draw any conclusions from the results.
We found 13 studies with a total of 5686 patients. We found that PAC did not change the risk of death or the length of stay in the intensive care unit (ICU) or the amount of time patients spent in the ICU. We did not find evidence that PAC had an effect on the number of people who died or the time they spent in intensive care. We also found no difference in the cost of care or in the time people spent in ICUs when we looked at the use of PAC. We rated 75% of the studies as low risk of bias due to the way they were done and how they were designed. We judged the quality of the evidence to be high for death and LOS but low for cost analysis. We were able to combine the results of eight studies of high-risk surgery patients and five of the same group of patients with a PAC to see if there was a difference in death or LOS when we combined them. There was no difference between the groups when we did this. We could not tell whether PAC was better or worse than other types of monitoring tools. We concluded that PAC does not affect death, LOS, or cost for adult patients in an ICU or in a hospital. Newer, less-invasive haemodialysis tools need to be tested before they are used in critically ill patients.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) on the use of venepuncture in term infants. We found six RCTs with a total of 478 newborns. The results showed that when venepunctations were performed by a skilled phlebotomist, the babies were less likely to require more than one skin puncture compared to those who received a heel lance. The use of a sweet-tincture solution reduced the number of skin punctures and the need for a repeat puncture. The number of times the babies had to be re-penetrated with the heel lare was the same in both groups. There was no difference between the groups in terms of the amount of blood that was lost or blood loss. The quality of the studies was variable. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of sweet tasting solutions.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of women who had a broken down perineal wound at the time of birth. We found only one RCT with 52 women with a dehisced and/or infected episiotomy wound at point of entry. The women were followed up for at least six months after birth. This RCT compared the use of suturing with resuturing. The results of this RCT showed that there was a trend to favour the resuture group in terms of wound healing at less than four weeks, although there was no evidence to show how this was measured. There was no difference in the rate of dyspareunia between the groups at the end of the RCT. The RCT also showed that more of the women in the sutured group had sex by six months compared to those who did not have sutures. There were no differences in the rates of pain at any time interval; the woman's satisfaction with the appearance of the wound; the amount of time it took for the wound to heal; the length of time the wound took to heal and the number of times the wound had to be re-sutured; and whether the woman was able to breastfeed her child. Based on this review, there is a need for a large, well-conducted RCT to compare the benefits and harms of secondary suture versus resutures for the care of broken down wounds after childbirth.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in February 2016. We found 18 RCTs with 2521 participants. The evidence is up-to-date as of February 2017. Most of the studies were of poor quality. Only three studies showed that compared with antiviral drugs, Chinese medicinal herbs may be effective in the use of antiviral medicines to treat the symptoms of flu. There were no differences between 'E Shu You' and ribavirin in the occurrence of adverse events, nor in the number of people who had mild side-effects. Most Chinese herbs in the trials showed similar effects to the drugs used to treat flu. Few were shown to be better than the drugs compared to antiviral medications. No obvious side-side-effects were found in any of the trials. The quality of the evidence was poor. More high-quality studies with larger numbers of participants and clear reporting are needed.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in May 2016 and found eight RCTs with a total of 580 participants. The evidence is up to date as of May 2017. We found evidence that thrombolytic drugs, fibrin sheath disruption and over-the-wire catheter exchange are effective and appropriate treatments for restoring catheters in people with cuffed and tunnelled HD cathets. We did not find any evidence that any of these treatments were better than the other treatments. We also found no evidence to show that any treatment was better than any other in terms of the amount of time a catheter was left in place or the risk of side-effects. Most studies had a high risk of bias due to the way they were carried out, the way in which they were done and the way that they were run. Most of the studies were judged to be at risk of being influenced by the drug industry. We concluded that there is not enough evidence to recommend any treatment over any other for the treatment of HD catheter dysfunction.
We found 17 trials with a total of 2674 women with metastatic breast cancer. There were 1532 deaths in 2116 women randomised to trials of the addition of a drug to the regimen and control (the regimen alone). There was no difference in the number of deaths between these groups. We found no differences in the time to progression of the tumour between these regimens. Addition of one or more drugs to the drug regimens showed a positive effect on tumour response rates, although we did not find a difference in survival time or time to death. The use of drugs to treat metastasised breast cancer was associated with an increased risk of side effects such as alopecia, nausea and vomiting and leucopenia.
This is an update of a Cochrane review that looked at the effects of the use of a neonatal intensive care unit (NLU) for the critically ill. We found 10 studies with a total of 1896 patients. There was no difference in the number of deaths or the length of stay in the NLU compared with ICU care. However, there was an increase in the risk of death in the ICU and a decrease in the rate of hospital readmissions. There is some evidence that patients discharged from a NLU are better prepared for discharge but it is not clear if this is a result of an increased length of inpatient stay. The cost of care was higher in the UK and lower in the US.
We found 11 studies with 414 adults with CTS. Two of these were randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and six were non-randomised controlled studies. The trials were of low to very low risk of bias, with some of the results unclear or unclear, and six of the RCTs were not blinded to the type of treatment they were using. Two trials compared the use of ultrasound with placebo (a fake treatment) and one with low-dose laser (low-level laser treatment). One of the trials with 68 adults with bilateral CTS found that when compared with placebo, ultrasound may increase the chance of experiencing short-term improvement at the end of seven weeks of treatment, although losses to follow-up and failure to adjust for the correlation between wrists in this group in this study suggest that this data should be interpreted with caution. Another study with 60 adult CTS patients found that at three months post-treatment, ultrasound plus a splint may be more effective than low-low-low laser treatment plus splint, but it was not clear if the participants were aware of which group they were in, and it was unclear if there was a bias in the way the study was done. There was not enough evidence to show whether one type of ultrasound was more or less effective than the other, or whether one treatment was better or worse than the others, or if there were more or worse side effects. There is also not much evidence to suggest that one treatment is better than another for the treatment of CTS in the short- or long-term, or that there is more or fewer side-side side-effects. The quality of the evidence was very low or very low.
We found eight studies with a total of 10,000 participants. The active drugs used were pravastatin, atorvastatin (a type of anticoagulant), simvastatin (a drug that blocks the blood flow to the heart), clofibrate, and conjugate oestrogen (a medicine used to treat menstrual heart disease). We found that the use of these drugs reduced the risk of recurrences of stroke in those with a history of ischaemic stroke or stroke or TIA. There was no clear evidence of benefit from these drugs in people with previous haemorrhagic stroke and it is not clear whether these drugs should be used immediately after stroke or later. We concluded that there is a need for more research in this area.
This is an update of a review published in 2013. We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and found 11 RCTs that compared the effect of a state-wide tobacco control programme compared with the rest of the USA in adults over the age of 18 years of age. We also looked at the effects of mass media campaigns compared with other types of anti-tobacco programmes. We did not find evidence that any of the studies were of high quality, but we did find that some of them were well-designed. We found that in the USA, the use of a large-scale, well-researched and well-targeted campaign can lead to a decrease in the number of adults who use or stop using tobacco. There was no clear effect on the amount of people who stopped or quit, or on how often they smoked or cut down on their use of the drug. However, we found that there was some improvement in the proportion of adults in the US who did not use or quit. There were no clear effects on people who did or did not cut down, or how often or for how long they used the drug, or whether they were more or less likely to use it.
We found 24 studies with a total of 2166 adults aged 18 years or over. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2016. We found that there is a high risk of bias due to the way in which some of the studies were done and the way that some of them were done. We also found that we could not be sure whether the results were the same in all of the trials. We did not find any evidence that there was any bias in any of the study designs. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to very low. The results of this review are up to date as of April 2016. The main results were that we found that, when compared with no therapy, we were able to improve our quality of life, reduce fatigue and sleep, as well as reduce our levels of stress, anxiety and fatigue, when we did yoga. We were also able to show that we were more able to reduce our stress levels, and we were less likely to have sleep disturbances. We could not tell whether we had more or less chance of getting tired, but we did not have as many side effects as we would have liked. There was no evidence that we had a greater chance of not getting tired or of not feeling tired, and there was no difference in the amount of time we spent in bed or in the way we slept at night. We are not able to say whether we have any more or fewer side effects because of the way the trials were done or the way they were carried out.
We searched for evidence up to May 2016. We found one study that compared the use of imaging after surgery in 125 adults with glioma who had surgery for glioblastoma (GBM: a type of brain tumour). Most patients in the study had surgery to remove the tumour and were followed by combined radiotherapy and temozolomide (a drug used to treat tumours in the brain). The study was at high risk of bias due to the way in which it was done and the way it was carried out. Evidence from this study showed that there was little or no difference in the number of deaths (deaths) at one year after diagnosis of GBM (48% vs 55% died) or at two years after the surgery (86% vs 81% died). We found no evidence on the effectiveness of other types of imaging. We did not find any data on the cost of imaging, and we did not identify any studies that looked at the effect of imaging in adults with GBM. However, we do not know whether there is any difference between imaging in people who have surgery for GBM and those who do not have surgery. We also found no data on whether there were any differences in the amount of time it took for patients to recover from surgery or how long it took them to get back to work.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 161 people with schizophrenia. Data were available for only two of our seven main outcomes. There was no clear difference between chlorpromazine and metiapine. There were no useable data available for the other key outcomes of improvement in mental state, readmission due to relapse, satisfaction with treatment, aggressive or violent behaviour, or cost of care. Chlorpromazine has been the mainstay treatment for schizophrenia for decades, yet this drug does not seem to be any more or less effective. The evidence is of very low to very low risk of bias.
Twenty-three studies were found. The use of nitroimidazole, mesalamine, azathioprine/6MP, budesonide, tenovil and interleukin-10 were found to be better than placebo for the prevention of recurrences of Crohn's disease after surgery. However, these drugs had a greater risk of side-effects. There was no difference in the risk of recurrence of any of the outcomes measured. There were no differences in the number of people who had a serious side-side-effect. The cost, toxicity and tolerability of these drugs need to be assessed.
We searched for evidence in May 2016. We found seven studies with a total of 885 people. The psychosocial interventions were: cognitive-behavioural coping skills training (one study), twelve-step programme (one, 41, and 163, 163, and brief intervention (three, 197, and 462, four62, 462) compared with a 12-step program (two, 12, and 15, respectively), and a short-term (five, six, and 12 weeks) treatment (three) versus a long-term treatment (four, 16, and 24 weeks). We did not find any studies that looked at the effects of other types of interventions. The results were as follows. There was no difference between groups for any of the main outcomes. There were no data for the secondary outcome, alcohol-related harm. The quality of evidence was very low for the results of the primary outcomes, and low for all of the other outcomes. The evidence is up to date as of May 2017. We judged the evidence to be of low to very low risk of bias due to the way in which some of the studies were done, and the way that some of them were done.
We found 23 trials with a total of 1586 participants. Fifty-eight per cent of these were from five trials that had not yet been published. We found no new trials for inclusion when we searched for them in 2014. The trials compared quinine with placebo, theophylline, vitamin E, and xylocaine injections into the gastrocnemius muscle. Quinine was compared to placebo (20 trials, 1140), vitamin E (four trials, 543), a quininine-vitamin E combination (three trials, 510), and xlocaine (one trial, 77), and was compared with a vitamin E-quinine combination (one study, 24). The most commonly used dose was 300 mg/day (range 200 to 500 mg). We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of other drugs on cramps. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. The risk of bias in the trials varied, and the way they were done meant that we could not be sure whether they were randomised or not. All 23 trials claimed to be randomised, but only a few did not tell us which group they were in, and some did not say how they did it. Compared to placebo, quinines reduced the number of cramps over the course of a week by 28%, cramp intensity by 10%, and cramp days by 20%. Cramp duration was not affected. There was a greater risk of minor side-effects on quinsine than on placebo, but there was no difference in the risk of major side-side-effects. There were no deaths or serious side-treatments. One person suffered from thrombocytopenia (0.12% risk) (a blood clot in the leg) on quininsine, but this was a rare event. There is no evidence to judge the best dose or length of treatment for muscle cramp. The use of quinina up to 60 days was not more or less effective than that of a placebo, and there were no more or fewer adverse events. However, there was a higher risk of side-reactions on quinnine compared with placebo. We judged the quality of evidence to be low for cramps, and low for adverse events, and moderate for the use of other medicines to treat muscle cramps in adults.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in May 2016. We found seven RCTs with 406 adults aged 18 years or over. We did not find any studies that looked at other types of muscle cramps (e.g. pregnancy- or rest cramps). We also found one RCT with 118 cross-over participants who were not included in the RCT. The RCT was funded by the US National Institutes of Health (NIH) and the other trials were sponsored by the manufacturer of the drug. Magnesium was compared to placebo in six of the trials and to no treatment in one. For idiopathic cramps, we found no differences between the groups in terms of frequency of cramps or duration of the cramps. However, we did find that there was a 25% or better reduction in the number of people who had cramps per week at four weeks compared to those who did not have cramps at the end of the study. We could not determine how many of the people who took part in the studies had any side effects. Withdrawals due to side effects were not more or less common than those who took no treatment. We were not able to find any trials looking at the effects of magnesium for pregnant women with cramps in the first trimester of their pregnancy. For those with nocturnal leg cramps we found that there were no differences in frequency or intensity of cramp in the group who took magnesium compared to the group that did not take it. There was also no difference in the amount of time spent in the cramp group compared to that in the other group. It is not clear whether or not there is any difference between the two groups. We also did not identify any studies looking at other forms of muscle pain. We do not know if there is a difference between those who take magnesium and those who do not.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of a six-month, home-based, combined muscle strength and recumbent cycle ergometry training program compared with usual care in 14 adults with SMA type 3. The age range of the participants was between 10 years and 48 years. The study was evaluator-blinded, which means that participants and staff could not be blinded to the intervention, which placed the results at a high risk of bias. We found one RCT with 14 adults who had a range of ages from 10 to 48 years of age. They were followed up for six months. The training group was compared with the usual care group for a total of six months, and the other group was followed for three months. We did not find any differences between the two groups in terms of the number of people who were able to walk, how far they could walk, or the amount of time they spent in bed. We also found no differences in the quality of life of the people in the training group compared to those in the group that did not do the training. We were not able to assess the effect of the intervention on any of the other measures we looked at, such as fatigue, physical activity levels, or how long it took to recover from the injury. We could not draw any conclusions from this study. We need well-designed and well-conducted RCTs in this area.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of surgery for the treatment of spondylotic radiculopathy or myelopathy. We found two RCTs with 149 patients. One trial (81 patients with spondykeletal pain) found that surgery was better in the short-term for pain, weakness or sensory loss; at one year, there were no differences in the long-term. One RCT (68 people with mild myelitis) found no difference between surgery and conservative treatment in three years after treatment. Both trials had significant risks of bias and do not provide reliable evidence on the effects of surgery on the long term. It is not clear whether the short term risks of surgery are offset by the longer-term benefits of surgery. There is low to very low risk of bias in both trials.
This is an update of a Cochrane review that looked at the effects of the use of phone calls to health care providers. We found nine randomised controlled trial (RCTs) and three ITSs. Six of the RCTs were done in the USA, one in the UK and one in Australia. The other three were in Canada and one was done in New Zealand. Six studies compared telephone calls to a doctor, four by a nurse and one by a clinic clerk. Three were done by a health care worker and the other was done by health assistants. Three of five studies found a decrease in visits to GP's but there was a significant increase in the number of calls made by patients to their GP. In the other three studies there was no difference between the groups. One of the studies found an increase in visits by the nurse in the group that had a telephone call to triage, but the other did not. Two of the three studies looked at deaths and found no difference in the numbers of deaths between the nurse and the group with a phone call. One study looked at visits to the accident and emergency department, six showed no differences in the groups and one, of nurse phone calls, found an increased number of visits. Telephone calls to the health care provider did not seem to have an effect on visits to surgery or out-of-hours visits by doctors or nurses. However, questions remain about its impact on service use and further rigorous evaluation is needed with emphasis on the use, safety, cost and patient satisfaction.
We found 84 studies with 22,872 adults (aged 18 years or over) who were at high risk of being at risk of misuse or abuse of alcohol. Most of the studies were in higher risk groups (e.g. those with a higher risk of alcohol use, or those who were more at risk than those at low risk). We found that people who received MI were less likely to drink more or less than those who did not receive MI. We also found that they were less prone to binge drinking and were more likely to be able to reduce the amount of alcohol they consumed. We did not find any evidence that MI had an effect on the number of days/week they were able to drink, or the amount they had to drink each day. We found no clear effect of MI on the risk of drink-driving or other risky behaviour, and there was no clear difference in the length of the MI intervention (in minutes) or in the effect size (in hours or days). None of the trials looked at harms related to MI. Overall, we found that MI did not reduce the use of alcohol, but it may have had an impact on the way in which it was used. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The evidence is current to May 2017.
We found 29 studies with a total of 2210 adults and children with asthma. All participants had asthma, and follow-up ranged from 2 to 26 weeks. Most studies were at low or unclear risk of bias due to the way in which they were done and how they were carried out. Most of the evidence was of low or low- or very low-risk of bias. We considered most of the results to be imprecise because of the way the studies were done, the way they were run and the way that they were designed. We found no evidence that any of the trials were at high risk of systematic flaws. We did not find any evidence that there were any harms from the use of these treatments. We judged the quality of evidence to be of low to low, mainly due to differences in the way studies were run, and to imprecision in the estimates of effect.
We found three trials, with 226 adults with suspected ischaemic stroke. One of the three trials was from the USA, and the other two were from the UK. One study was from Germany and the third was from Australia. All three trials were funded by a drug company. One was funded by the manufacturer of the drug, the other by a pharmaceutical company, the third by the drug company that makes the drug. The third was sponsored by the pharmaceutical firm that makes a drug called mannitol. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2016. We found that there is not enough evidence to support the use of mannolitol in the routine use of acute stroke in adults. We did not find any differences in death or disability between the groups in any of the trials. The number of deaths was not reported in the trial of ischaemia stroke, and there were no deaths in the other trials. Adverse events were either not found or not reported. The quality of the evidence was poor, and we were not able to combine the results of the studies. We judged the results to be of low to very low risk of bias.
We found six trials with 425 adults with rheumatoid arthritis who received D-penicillamine and 258 adults who did not have rheumatoid arthritis. The results of this review show that D-Penicillamines are effective in the treatment of arthritis in adults, but with a higher risk of adverse events, mainly due to renal and hematological abnormalities. Its effects on long-term adverse events are not clear.
We searched for trials up to May 2016. We found four trials that compared the use of a decoction of Huangqi compounds with other Chinese herbs. All of them were of low to very low risk of bias due to the way they were carried out. Three of the trials used Huangqi decoctions to treat patients with leucopenia (low white blood cell count) and the fourth study used the same treatment to treat people with lymphoma. The results of the four trials were of very low quality. There was a reduction in the number of patients who had side effects when the decoct was added to chemotherapy. There were also a decrease in the rate of WBC (white blood cell counts) and an increase in the proportion of T-lymphocyte subsets: CD3, CD4 and CD8. Huangqi was not found to have any harmful effects on other types of cancer cells. We did not find any evidence of harm in any of the studies. We need high quality randomised controlled trials of Chinese herbs, such as Astragalus spp.(as in Huangqi), to investigate the effects of these herbs on chemotherapy-related side effects.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in August 2016. We found three RCTs that met our criteria. The three trials included a total of 866 adults aged four to 55 years with RP of all forms of genetic predisposition. One RCT evaluated the effect of vitamin A alone, one RCT assessed DHA alone, and a third RCT compared DHA and DHA versus vitamin A. None of the trials had a method for randomising participants, so there was an unclear risk of bias in the way they were done. All three trials were graded as low-risk of bias for all other domains. We did not perform a meta-analysis due to differences in the characteristics of the people in the trials and the way in which they were studied. We also did not find enough data to be able to draw any conclusions about the benefits and harms of the use of DHA or DHA for people with RP. There was no clear evidence for benefit of treatment with vitamin A and/or DHA in terms of visual field and ERG amplitudes at one year and the mean change in visual acuity at five years follow-up. No adverse events were reported in any of the studies. Two of the three trials did not report on side effects, but these results have not been replicated or substantiated by the other trials. In addition, one of the RCT did not specify how it was done, so it was not clear how the trials were done, and one of them did not use a method to determine which group of people would receive which treatment. We do not know if any of these studies were funded by a pharmaceutical company.
We found three RCTs with a total of 414 people at risk of job loss. The majority of participants had IA, most with Rheumatoid Arthritis (RA) and to a lesser degree AS. All were recruited through rheumatology clinics, both in or outside hospitals. The interventions aimed to prevent job loss and improve work functioning in several ways: firstly by assessing work changes or changes in the way work was done, and secondly by providing any person-directed interventions, such as vocational counselling, advice or education. The duration or dose of the interventions varied from two 1.5-hour sessions (one RCT) over five months, to six to eight individual or group sessions over six months (also one RCT). All of the trials were conducted in the USA, UK and Canada. We found very low to very low risk of bias in the trials. We judged the quality of the evidence to be very low for all three of the outcomes. Of the trials, we found that job loss was reduced by a large amount in the large trial and by a similar amount with the other RCT, although the difference was very wide and we judged it to have a high risk of biased results. We also found that work absenteeism was improved in both groups, but we judged this to be uncertain at six months' follow-up. We did not find any adverse effects in any of the three trials. The one small RCT that looked at work functioning found no adverse effects. However, in the same study, there was a small increase in the number of days a week that a worker was absent from work, but this was not clear at the end of the six-month study. We assessed the results of the studies as being of very low quality because of the way in which they were carried out and the way they were run.
We found three trials with 285 preterm infants (140 of whom 140 received arginine) from three countries. The evidence is up to date as of May 2016. We found that infants who were given a dose of 10 mg/kg per day were less at risk of NEC (any stage) compared with those who were not. We also found that there was a greater risk of death due to any cause (such as stroke, heart attack, stroke, or stroke) in the infants who received the dose of 20 mg/day compared with the babies who did not receive the dose. We did not find any differences in the number of deaths due to other causes (e.g. stroke, stroke or stroke). We found no differences in adverse events (cerebral palsy, cognitive delay, blindness or hearing loss) at 36 months of age. We assessed the quality of the evidence as being of good to very good. There was not enough data to be able to draw any conclusions about the effects of the use of this drug in preterm babies.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of INCS in adults with acute sinusitis. We found four RCTs with 1943 participants. The trials were well-designed and double-blind and studied INCS versus placebo or no treatment for 15 or 21 days. The rates of loss to follow-up were 7%, 11%, 41% and 10%. When we combined the results from the three trials we looked at, we found that people who received INCS were more than twice as likely to be able to recover from their symptoms than those who did not receive INCS (73% versus 66.4%) and more than three times as much as those who took a placebo (66.4%). We also found that those who received higher doses of the drug (400 µg versus 200 µg) were more likely to have a better outcome. There was no difference in the rates of recurrences (recurrences) between the groups. We did not find any evidence that INCS was more or less likely to cause any side effects. We concluded that the use of this drug is safe and well-taken.
This review found that the use of prophylactic vancomycin in low doses reduces the incidence of nosocomial sepsis and coagulase negative staphylococcal septicaemia in preterm infants. However, there was not enough evidence to assess the risk of the development of resistant organisms in the nurseries involved in these trials. It is not clear whether this was due to the way in which the trials were carried out.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) on the use of dressings or other dressings for wound healing after amputation. We found 13 RCTs on dressing or topical agents for postop wounds. We did not find any trials on other types of dressing, such as gauze, foam, alginate, or elastic. We also found one small trial of aloe vera, which was not well designed and had a large loss of time to follow up. The results of this trial are not clear. We were not able to determine whether the choice of dressing or topical agent had an effect on the healing of wounds after surgery. There was no difference in the length of time it took for the wound to heal or the amount of time the wound took to heal. The use of gauze was found to cause more pain than other dressing (4 trials). Gauze was associated with more pain for patients (4 studies). We found that people treated with gauze were less than half as good as those who did not use gauze (3 trials). The cost of the dressing was low but its use was more expensive (2 studies). The length of hospital time spent in the hospital was the same in both groups (2 trials). There were no differences in the number of days the wound healed (11 trials). We could not tell whether the dressing was better or worse than the alternative dressing for pain, and we could not say whether it was more or less good than the other dressing. Foam is best studied as an alternative for gauze and appears to be better than gauze in terms of pain reduction, patient satisfaction and nursing time.
We searched for trials up to May 2014 and found 11 trials with 1482 women. We found two trials of progestin-only pills (POPs) and two of the etonogestrel-releasing implant. We did not find any trials of the levonorgestrel intrauterine system (LNG-IUS), but we did find one trial of the placebo pill (a pill that does not contain any hormones) and one of the implant (an implant that does contain hormones). We also found one study of the contraceptive pill (COC). We found no trials of other types of birth control pills (e.g. COCs, POPs, or LNGs), and we did not identify any studies that looked at the use of other methods of hormonal birth control. The evidence is up to date as of May 2014. Five of the trials were from 1985 and six were from 2005 to 2014. Most trials did not show any differences between the study groups in the amount of breast milk produced, or in the length of time it took for the mother to breastfeed her child. Two of the COC group did not have a negative effect on lactation, but did not quantify this. One of the LNG group did have a lower rate of breastfeeding at 75 days compared to the nonhormonal IUD group, but there was no difference at one year. For breast milk volume, a COC study showed a decrease in the volume of the breast milk compared to a placebo group. The other study did not measure this. We could not tell whether there was a difference between the groups in terms of the amount or amount of weight gain of the child. We were not able to tell if there was any difference in the number of women who had a low- or high-grade birth or low-grade breast milk. We also did not know if there were any differences in the size of the birth or birth of the baby, or how long it took the child to be born. The quality of evidence was low for three of four placebo- or POPs and low for the other two types of pills. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for all other methods.
We searched for studies up to May 2016. We found 10 studies from Australia, Singapore and the USA. We grouped them according to the extent to which they adjusted for regression to the mean (RTM) and spillover effects. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of red-light cameras on the number of people who were injured or killed. We also looked at whether the results were the same for the type of crash or whether there were any differences in the way in which they were measured. Most of the studies did not adjust for RTM or spillover, which may have affected the results. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2017.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of warfarin in adults with acute venous thromboembolism (DVT or PE) aged 18 years or older. We found four RCTs with 494 adults with DVT or PE. Three of the RCTes were randomised trials with 383 adults with VTE. One RCT was conducted in the UK, one in the USA, and one in Australia. The other two were in the US, and the third was in the Netherlands. The results of the studies were of low or very low risk of bias due to differences in types of patients and length of follow-up. One study showed that a 10-mg dose was better than a 5- mg dose for the number of outpatients who had achieved a therapeutic INR by day five, with an increase in the amount of blood in their veins. Another RCT showed that the 5-mg dosage was no better than the 10 mg dose. The third RCT did not show a difference between the 5 mg and 10 mg doses. The fourth RCT compared a 5 mg dose with a 10mg dose and found that there was no difference in the percentage of people who had an INR of 2.0 to 3.0 on the fifth day of treatment. The fifth and final RCT examined the use of a 10 mg and 5 mg warfarins in people with acute DVT/PE aged 18 to 18 years. The RCT found that the 10mg and 5mg doses were no more or less effective than the 5mg and 10mg dosages in the same group of patients. There was no evidence of a difference in minor or major bleeding at 14 to 90 days or in the length of time spent in the hospital. The quality of the evidence was moderate for the results of this review.
We searched for trials up to May 2016. We found seven trials with a total of 555 adults over the age of 60 years of age who had a hip fracture. All of the trials were from subgroups of older adults with dementia or cognitive impairment who had been treated for hip fractures. The end of follow-up in the trials ranged from the point of acute hospital discharge to 24 months after discharge. We did not find any evidence that any of the studies were at high risk of bias, but we did find evidence that some of the treatments used in the studies may reduce the risk of delirium and reduce the length of time spent in hospital. There was also low-certainty that, compared to orthopaedic-led management, geriatrician-led care may lead to shorter hospital stays. We were not able to draw any conclusions about the effects of these treatments on quality of life, activities of daily living, or the number of days spent in the home. We judged the certainty of the evidence to be low or very low for all of the results. The evidence is up to date as of May 2015.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of home-based care for children with a range of illnesses. We found seven RCTs with a total of 840 children. The children were aged three to 18 years. The age range ranged from six months to 12 years. They were followed for at least six months. We did not find any differences in the length of time children spent in the hospital, or in the number of days they spent in hospital. Home care was reported as more costly for service providers with substantial cost savings for the family in two studies, while one study did not show any cost benefits for the child or their family. Three of the trials showed a reduction in the amount of time a child spent in a hospital and an improvement in the way a child was able to cope with the care they received in three of the studies. Overall, there was no change in the level of care a child received in the home or in how well they did in school or at home. There was no evidence that home care was any more or less expensive than other forms of care, or that it was any better or worse than any other form of care. The quality of the evidence was moderate to low.
We searched for evidence in May 2016 and found 40 studies with 7524 people with a range of ages and ages. The evidence is up-to-date to May 2017. We found that ICM may make little or no difference to the number of days spent in hospital per month, the time spent in the hospital, or the time people spent in a mental health unit. We also found that the more ICM is used, the better it is at decreasing time in hospital. We did not find any data on the effect of ICM on the use of other forms of mental health services, such as employment, or on adverse events such as death by suicide, but we did find that the ICM group may be less likely to be in the same group as those who were not in the group. We were not able to combine the results of the trials to compare ICM versus non-ICM, or ICM with other types of care. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to very low. When ICM was compared with standard care, we found that people who were in ICM were more likely to spend less time in a hospital, and to be able to get out of the care they were in, and were more able to leave the care early. We could not tell whether ICM made a difference to whether or not people were in or out of a hospital. When we looked at ICM compared with non- ICM, there was no difference between the groups in terms of the time they spent in and out of hospital, but ICM did make a small amount of difference to how often they were admitted to a hospital and how often. There was also no difference in the amount of time they were discharged from a hospital compared to those who did not have ICM. We concluded that there is a need for more research in this area.
Twenty-five trials (464 participants) were included in this review. All but one of the trials were at high risk of bias. There were no trials comparing box training with animal or cadaveric model training. All the 16 trials in this comparison used video trainers. Box training compared with no training: The meta-analysis showed that the time taken to complete the task was longer in the box training group than the control group (8 trials; 249 participants; SMD -0.48 seconds; 95% CI 0.74 to 0.22). Compared with the box trainer group, the box trainers group also had a lower error score (3 trials; 69 participants), a greater number of points on a scale of 0.5 to 1.0, and a greater chance of being able to perform the task at the end of the task. There was no difference in the time it took for the task to be done in any of the other comparisons. The quality of the results of this review is uncertain due to the risks of systematic errors (bias) and risks of play of chance (play of chance). Laparoscopic box training appears to improve technical skills in trainees with no previous laparoscopy. There appears to be no differences in the quality of life of the trainees. None of the outcomes such as death and morbidity were assessed in the trials when animal models were used for assessment of training, error in movements, and trainee satisfaction were assessed.
In this review, we searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of peroral glucocorticosteroids in adults with cholangitis. We found only one RCT with 17 patients. The other RCT had 18 patients. One RCT compared biliary lavage with hydrocortisone versus saline in 17 participants. The use of bile lavage tended to increase adverse events (pancreatitis, cholagitis with septicaemia, paranoid ideas, fluid retention) and had no improvement in the blood pressure, which led to the end of the RCT. The RCT did not show any effect on the blood bilirubin levels. There was no evidence to support or refute peroral use of corticostoids for patients with primary sclerosomal haemorrhage.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effect of the timing of the feeding of people with acute leukaemia. We found 11 RCTs with a total of 284 participants. Seven trials (284 people) compared parenteral versus enteral nutrition, three of the trials are also included in the previous analyses. Seven of the studies were funded by the National Institutes of Health (NIH) and the other three were sponsored by the US National Institute of Health. The evidence is up to date as of May 2016. The results of this review suggest that early feeding may be better than later feeding in terms of survival and disability. We did not find any data on death or disability. However, we did find that there were no deaths and the RR was not estimable. We also found that there was little or no difference in the number of people who died or had a disability at the end of the follow-up period.
We found 57 randomised studies with 34,390 adults aged 18 years or over. These were randomised controlled trials (RCTs) where people were randomly put into one of one of two or more treatment groups and then put back in the other group. The main sources of bias were from the way in which they were done and the way they were carried out, as well as the fact that they were not blinded to which group they were in. The evidence is up to date as of May 2016. We found that people who used a digital or face-to-face (e.g. e-mail, phone calls, video conferencing, or web-based) tool to help them change their drinking habits were more likely to drink less than those who did not use such a tool. They were less likely to binge drink, and they were less willing to take part in binge-drinkers' binges. We also found that there was no difference in the amount of time they spent in bed or in bed at night. We did not find any differences between the groups in terms of how often they did or did not drink, or whether they were more or less aware of what they were doing or not. We were able to combine the results from 42 studies (19,241 adults) that looked at the effects of the use of a computer-based approach to help people to change their behaviour. The results showed that participants who took part in this approach had less than three drinks per week less than people who were not in the intervention group, and less than one drink per week more than those in the control group. They also had less binge drinking per month less than the people in the group who were in the treatment group. We could not tell whether there were any differences in the number of people who had a binge or a night out, and we could not be sure whether there was any difference in how much they had to drink. There was also little or no evidence of an effect on whether or not they were aware of who they were talking to, or if they were listening to each other, or how much time they were spending in bed. The BCTs of goal setting (B -43.94, 95% CI -78.59 to -9.30), problem-solving (B-48.03, 95.79 to -18.27), information about antecedents (B 95.20, 95%. CI -117.72 to -30.68), and 'credible source' (B 39.66 to -7.11) were all better than those that did not have a BCT) at helping to change people's behaviour, and were better than the ones that had no BCT. We are not able to say whether any of the studies were at high risk of bias due to the small numbers of people in each group and the small sample size.
We found 24 studies with a total of 4233 participants, of which 2124 were randomised to benzodiazepine and 1475 to placebo. The remaining 634 participants were randomized to other active treatments in three-arm trials. We assessed the quality of the studies as poor. We judged 20 of the 24 trials to be at high risk of bias in at least one area. We did not find any evidence to show a clear difference in the number of people who were able to respond to the treatment, or who were not able to take the drug. We also found that the dropout rate was lower in those who took the drug compared to those who did not take it. We found no evidence that benzodiazapine was better than placebo in terms of reducing the risk of side effects. The quality of evidence was low for both of the main outcomes. We rated the evidence for the other outcomes as of very low or very low quality. With the exception of the analyses of the change score data for depression and social functioning, all of the results showed an effect in favour of benzodizapine in the short-term treatment of panic disorders. The number of dropouts due to side effects was higher with benzodazapine than with placebo. However, the results were limited by the fact that we did not look at the long-term effects and did not examine the risks of dependency and withdrawal symptoms. Due to these limitations, our results regarding the use of benzidiazepine for the short term treatment of people with panic disorders are of low to very low risk of being used in the long term. Furthermore, the clinician's choice is not based on whether or not the drug is better than a placebo, but on whether the drugs are better than other drugs, such as SSRIs (anti-anxiety drugs). The choice of treatment should be guided by the patient's preference and should be weighed in a long term perspective.
We found 13 trials with 1520 adults (aged 18 years or over) who were at high risk of CVD. All studies had at least one domain with unclear risk of bias, and some of them were at risk of being at risk for bias due to the way in which they were carried out. We found that tai chi was better than other forms of exercise for lowering blood pressure, lowering cholesterol and lowering triglycerides (a type of fat in the blood) and increasing HDL-C (cholesterolemoglobin, a type of lipoprotein in the body). We also found that it was more likely to reduce the risk of heart attack and stroke. We did not find any evidence of a difference in mortality, all-cause deaths or non-fatal events as most of the studies were short term (all had follow-up of one year or less). There was also considerable heterogeneity in the way the trials were done, which meant that we were not able to combine the results of the trials for cardiovascular risk (I2 statistic for systolic blood pressures (SBP) was 96%, for diastolic blood pressure (DBP) 96%, total cholesterol 96%, low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) 95%, high-diphenol-C 98%, and triglycerides 75%). We found no clear effect of tai Chi on other risk factors for CVD, such as heart attack or stroke. Quality of life was measured in one trial: tai chan was better at three months. There are no long-term trials in this area, so we are unable to draw any conclusions as to date. None of the included trials looked at adverse events, costs or occurrence of type 2 diabetes.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in September 2016. We found 27 RCTs that looked at the effects of family-based interventions compared to a control group (no intervention or usual care) or a school-based intervention. We were able to combine the data from all of the studies in a way that allowed us to combine them in a meta-analysis. We did not find enough data to be able to draw any conclusions about the effect of the interventions on the number of children who took up or stopped smoking. We could not combine the results of eight studies with about 5000 children, but we did find that there was a difference between the groups in terms of whether or not they were more or less likely to take up or quit. We also found that there were more studies of high intensity programmes compared to those with no intervention, than there were for other compairsons. Most of these were in the USA, two in Europe, one in Australia and one in India. The interventions were very different in the way they were designed, the types of children they were aimed at, and the age of the children at the start of the study. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2017. The evidence is current to April 2017. There is a high risk of bias, which means that we are unable to be sure of the results. Most studies had at least one risk of 'unclear' bias, so the quality of evidence was downgraded from high to low.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the effects of corticosteroids in adults with adult cancer. We found three RCTs, with a total of 451 adults with any type of cancer. Two of the trials compared dexamethasone to placebo, and the third study compared a number of other drugs, including metoclopramide, chlorpromazine, tropisetron, and duloxetine, to a placebo. The duration of the studies ranged from seven to 14 days. We did not find any studies that looked at other types of cancer, and we did not have enough data to be sure if any of the drugs were more or less effective than the other drugs. Two studies (127 adults) with data at eight days were included in the meta-analysis for nausea, but no data were available for the third (280 adults) study. Corticosteroid treatment with dexametasone resulted in less nausea (measured on a scale of 0 to 10), but this result was not significant (P = 0.37). Frequency of adverse events was not different between groups, and all treatments were well tolerated. The quality of this evidence was downgraded by three levels, from high to very low, due to imprecision, likely selection bias, attrition bias, and a small sample size.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of high-risk children who were at high risk of developing LRTIs. We found 10 RCTs of children with HIV infection, cystic fibrosis or cancer who were followed up for at least seven days to three years to see if they were at risk of a LRTI. Three studies (1345) looked at HIV-infected children, four children with cystitis ( 429) and one each sickle cell disease (219), cancer (160) and low birth weight neonates (40). The study duration ranged from 7 days to 3 years. We were not able to assess the quality of the evidence for two of the studies: one was low risk of bias, and the other was high. There was no significant effect on death with co-trimoxazole or isoniazid prophylaxis, but there was a reduction in the risk of death due to the use of penicillin V in the one study that looked at this outcome. We did not find evidence of an increase in the rate of side-effects with azithromycin or ciprofloxacin. There were no changes in the number of deaths or side-side-effects due to antibiotic use in the other three studies. We could not assess the effect of antibiotic use on growth in the two studies that did look at this. We also found no evidence of increased risk of antibiotic resistance in the studies. The quality of evidence from the studies was moderate.
We found nine trials with a total of 519 adults aged 18 years or over, who had undergone laparoscopy or other types of abdominal surgery. We found that nitrous oxide, helium, room air, and room air were compared to carbon dioxide. We did not find evidence that any of the trials were at low risk of bias. There was not enough evidence to show whether the use of nitrous or room air had an effect on the number of people who had a heart attack, stroke, or had a stroke. We could not combine the results of two trials (140 adults) which showed that people had less pain at various time points on the first day after surgery with room air compared with those who had room air. We were not able to combine data from four trials (69 adults) and one (75 adults) that did not report how many people were in each group. One trial (76 adults) compared room air to room air (70 adults) or to air (76 people) and did not say which group the participants were in. None of the studies were at high risk of being biased. The quality of the evidence is very low. The results of the review are up to date as of May 2016. The evidence is current to May 2017.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in September 2016. We found 14 RCTs with a total of 303 preterm infants. Eight of the trials compared a high dose of dexamethasone with a low dose and five compared a moderate dose of corticosteroid with a high or low dose. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2017. Analysis of the results showed an increased risk of death or BPD when the dose was increased to a higher dose compared to a lower dose. There were no differences in outcomes between a high-dose and a low-dosage dose. We did not find any differences in the number of children who died or suffered from BPD, or in the length of time they were in the study. We also found no evidence of a difference in the amount of time children spent in hospital or in intensive care. The quality of evidence for all comparisons was assessed as low or very low, mainly due to the small size of the studies and the way in which they were carried out. Also, there was a lack of long-term data in most studies.
This is an update of a Cochrane Cochrane review that looked at the effects of corticotrophin, hydrocortisone, dexamethasone, prednisone, methylprednisolone and other drugs used to treat rheumatoid arthritis in adults with acute rheumatic fever. Eight trials with 996 adults were included in this review. Six trials were done between 1950 and 1965; one was done in 1990 and the final study was published in 2001. The trials were of poor quality and had a high risk of bias, so results should be viewed with caution. Overall there were no differences in risk of heart disease at one year between corticosteroid-treated and aspirin-treated groups (six studies, 907 participants, risk ratio 0.87, 95% confidence range 0.66 to 1.15). Similarly, use of prednisones did not reduce the risk of death after one year compared with aspirin (two studies, 212 patients, risk of 1.52 to 2.45) and did not increase the number of heart valve lesions (two trials, 212 adults, risk 1.13, 95%) compared with placebo (one study, 212 people, risk 0.45). Five of the studies did not report adverse events. The three studies that did report on adverse events did not show that any of the drugs were more or less likely to cause side effects than aspirin. However, all studies should be analysed with caution because of the age of the trials and the fact that most of them were conducted in the 1950s and 1960s.
We found six studies with a total of 12,294 participants from 79 communities. Two studies that assessed insecticide spray as a fly control measure found that trachoma is reduced by at least 55% to 61% with this measure compared to no intervention. However, another study did not find this to be the case. One study found that other fly control measures, latrine provision, reduced the number of flies in the latrine by 29.5% when compared with no intervention; this was, however, not found in a more recent study. Another study showed that health education reduced the incidence of trachomas. These findings were not confirmed by a second study, which found that a modest health education programme with modest water supply did not reduce trachomiasis. There is some evidence from two trials that insecticides are effective in the control of flies, but this effect was not shown in another trial that used insecticides. There was no clear difference between the two groups in terms of the amount of flies that were affected by the treatments. There were no differences between the groups in the way in which the treatments were used or the methods used in the trials. Two trials on latrine use have not shown that the use of latrinses reduces the occurrence of fly infestations. Health education had shown a reduction in trachum in one of the trials but the other did not show the same effect. All the studies have some problems with the way they were done.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing CBT with other forms of psychosocial treatment for people with CFS. We found 15 RCTs (1043 CFS). We found that CBT is effective in reducing the symptoms of fatigue at post-treatment compared with usual care, and may be more effective than other types of treatment. There is a lack of evidence on the effectiveness of CBT alone or in combination with other treatments, and there is a need for more well-designed and well-conducted RCT studies.
We found one study with 46 adults with sickle cell disease (HbSS, HbSC, HBSβ+thal and HbSβ0thal) who were followed up for six months. Of the 46 participants, seven withdrew from the study before randomising, leaving 39 who were randomised to take part in the study. Only 25 of the 39 who took part completed the full six-month follow-up. The study had a high risk of bias (high dropout rate in the placebo group), but a low risk (low risk) of bias for other domains such as the way in which the study was carried out, and an unclear risk of other bias. We found that people in the vitamin D group had higher serum levels of 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) at eight weeks, at 16 weeks, and at 24 weeks. They also had higher levels of vitamin D3 (cholecalciferol) at the end of the six-week study. There was no difference between the groups in terms of adverse events (such as tingling of lips or hands) but the quality of the evidence was low. People in the treatment group had less pain days compared to those in the control group, but again the results were low. The quality of evidence for this outcome was moderate. We also found that there was a lower (worse) health-related quality of life score than the group but this was not significant at eight and 16 weeks. However, the difference was significant at both 16 weeks and 24 weeks, mean difference -12.56 and -16.52. We did not find any differences between the two groups in any of the other measures we looked at. We concluded that the evidence is of low or very low quality. We do not think that there is enough good quality evidence to be able to draw any conclusions about the use of this supplement in sickle cells in adults and children.
We found only one RCT, with 26 children aged 4 to 12 years, with mild to moderate CAS of unknown cause, and compared the Nuffield Dyspraxia Programme-3 (NDP-3) with the Rapid Syllable Transitions (ReST) programme. The study was funded by the Australian Research Council; the University of Sydney International Development Fund; Douglas and Lola Douglas Scholarship on Child and Adolescent Health; Nadia Verrall's (Nadia) and James Kentley's (James Kentley) grants; and a funding from the National Health and Medical Research Council. Treatments were given in one-hour sessions, four days a week for three weeks, in a university clinic in Australia. Speech pathology students delivered the treatments in the English language. Outcomes were assessed at one month, four months and four months post-therapy. We found that both the NDP-3 and ReST were effective in improving speech in 4- to 12-year-old children with CAS. We were unable to say whether one treatment was better than the other, and we were not able to tell whether one was more or less effective. We judged all core outcomes to be low risk of bias. We downgraded the quality of the evidence by one level due to imprecision, given that only one study was found.
We found four studies with a total of 268 people with toxoplasma retinochoroiditis. One of these studies was in Brazil and was at high risk of bias due to the way it was done. The other three were in the UK and the US. One study was in the US in adults and one in Brazil in adults. All of the people in the last study had active toxoplasmatous retinitis and were treated for 45 days prior to randomising to trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole (a type of antibiotic) versus placebo (a fake medicine). Only the study in Brazil, in adults with healed lesions, reported the effect of treatment on visual acuity over 12 months. People treated with antibiotics may have a similar change in vision at one year compared with those who did not have treatment. We judged the other three studies to be at a low or unclear risk of error due to poor reporting. The UK study of pyrimethamine-trisulfapyrimidine for four weeks showed an improvement in the amount of inflammation in the eye compared with the control group but did not provide any details. In the US and UK studies, the inflammation was almost completely resolved by eight weeks in all participants, but in this study all of the participants were treated with steroid treatment. Two of the studies (UK and US) reported an increased risk of adverse events in the treated group. These were a fall in haemoglobin, leucocyte, and platelet count, nausea, loss of appetite, rash, and arthralgia. Treatment with antibiotics probably reduces the risk of re-infection of the retina, but there is currently no good evidence that this leads to better visual outcomes. We rated the quality of the evidence as low or low.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to May 2016. We found 43 RCTs with a mean age of 65 years. We included 43 trials with a total of 3749 participants. Twenty-two trials (3749 participants) compared the Gamma nail with the sliding hip screw (SHS). The Gamma nail was associated with an increased risk of operative and later fracture of the femur and increased reoperation rate. There were no major differences between the two types of implants in wound infection, mortality or medical complications. Five trials (623 participants) of other nail versus extramedullary implant comparisons for trochanteric fractures did not show a clear difference between the implants under test. The SHS was found to have a lower complication rate in comparison with the IMHS, and the SHS did not have a greater risk of reoperations. Three trials (394 participants) showed no difference in the number of people who had to have surgery for the femoral nail (PFN) or in the length of time they had to be in hospital. None of the 10 trials (1491 participants) that looked at other types of nail (such as the fixed nail plate) did not find a difference between them. Two trials (65 participants) found that the nails were better than fixed nail plates for unstable fractures at the level of the lesser trochanters. There was no evidence that they were more or less safe than the fixed nails. Two other trials (124 participants) also found a tendency to less pain and less fracture healing with the nails compared with fixed nails for subtrochanters, but there was not enough data to be sure of this. Five studies (623 people) of the same type (IMHS) were compared with SHS (623 patients). The IMHS group had more fractures and more reopoints, but the results were similar in both groups. One of the five SHS group had a greater chance of reoperation and more fractures. The other three SHS groups had similar numbers of fractures and fewer reoposts. The results for post-operations and death were the same for both groups, and both groups had the same number of fractures. We do not know whether more recently developed designs of intramedulary nail are better than those used in the past, but we are not sure whether they are more safe.
We searched for evidence in May 2016. We found one study that looked at 47 women who received either palliative surgery (27) or medical management with Octreotide (20) and compared them with those who did not have surgery. The results showed that women who had surgery had a longer time to live than those who had no surgery. Although six (22%) of those who received surgery had serious complications of the operation and three (11%) died of complications, multivariable analysis found that surgery was more likely to prolong the life of the woman who had it compared to those who were not. However, the magnitude of this effect was not reported. Quality of life (QoL) was not measured and adverse events were not documented. We are not able to draw any conclusions about the relative benefits and harms of the two forms of treatment, or to identify sub-groups of women who are more or less likely to benefit from one treatment or the other.
We found four trials with 244 women with PCOS who received 12 weeks or 6 weeks of treatment. Two trials (184 women randomised) looked at the effects of simvastatin and the other (60 women) studied the effect of atorvastatatin. There was no good evidence that the use of these drugs improved the number of times a month that a woman had her period, or the rate at which she ovulated. However, there was some evidence that they lowered the levels of testosterone in the blood. There were no differences in body mass index (BMI). There was also no evidence that any of the drugs had an effect on the risk of hirsutism or acne. There is a need for large, well-designed and well-conducted trials with large numbers of women to assess the benefits and harms of these medicines.
We searched for evidence in May 2016. We found no new studies. We searched for data from single-arm studies of women treated with formalin-soaked packs, interventional radiology or radiotherapy techniques for palliative control of vaginal bleeding in women with cervical cancer. We did not find any new randomised controlled trials. There is no evidence from any of the trials to support or refute the use of any of these treatments compared with radiotherapy. Radiotherapy is not readily available in resource-poor settings, where advanced cases of cervical cancer are more common. Therefore, the choice of treatment will be based on local resources.
We found three RCTs with a total of 745 adults with glioblastoma multiforme (GBM). Temozolomide is a drug that has been shown to be effective in the treatment of GBM. It prolongs the time it takes for the tumour to grow back in the brain and can be used in combination with radiotherapy. It does not seem to have an effect on QoL but it does increase the risk of adverse events. In the elderly, it is comparable to radiotherapy in terms of OS and PFS but with a higher occurrence of side-effects. In patients with recurrent GBM, the use of temozolmide compared with standard chemotherapy improves time-to-progression (TTP) and may have benefits on QL but does not improve overall. In people with GBM that have not grown back in their brain, it does not appear to be as good as other drugs for prolonging the time the tumours take to grow. It is not clear whether it is as good or worse than other drugs.
In this review, we searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of the use of contracts with non-governmental (NGO) or non-state (non-profit) providers for the management of health care in rural and urban areas. We found two RCTs. One RCT was in Cambodia and the other was in Latin America. The results of one RCT in Cambodia showed that contracting with a non-profit group for health care services may improve health care access and use. Contracting-in increased use of antenatal care by 28% and use of public facilities by 14%. However, it was not found to have an effect on population health outcomes. The other RCT study in the other study showed that intermittent training courses over 18 months may improve the performance of district health system managers’ performance. In three countries in Latin Africa, managers who did not receive the training courses had between 2.4 and 8.3 times more management deficiencies than those who received the training. There is low-to-very low- to very low-risk of bias in the results of this RCT. We did not find any studies that aimed to find out whether or not contracting-in was an effective way to keep health care providers in the field. We also did not identify any other ways to help health care managers to keep their staff in place.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in which people were randomly put into one of the treatment groups or the other. We found three RCTs with 123 people. All three studies were conducted in the USA, one in the UK, and one in Australia. The results of the trials were published up to May 2014. The trials were small and had a high risk of bias due to the way they were done. There was no evidence of a difference in the risk of death between the two groups, but there was some evidence that there was a reduction in the number of deaths in the group treated with surgery compared with the control group. We did not find any differences in the length of time spent in the intensive care unit (ICU) or length of stay in the ICU. However, we could not combine the results because of the way the studies were done, so we did not combine them. The methods used for blinding the participants and researchers to the treatment group were not reported, but as the comparison is surgical treatment with medical treatment this bias is hard to avoid. There were no reports of concealment of the method used to determine which group the participants were in, and there was no description of how the study was done in the other two studies. There is some evidence from three studies that showed that surgery was better than non-surgic treatment in the reduction of death, chest deformity, tracheostomy, and length of the time spent on the ventilator. The quality of the studies was poor, and we were not able to draw any conclusions about the effect of surgery on death.
We found 50 trials (19 RCTs and 31 before-and-after studies) with 12,877 adults who had their LDL cholesterol measured. The participants were of any age with and without cardiovascular disease and the trials studied cerivastatin effects over a short-term treatment period of three to 12 weeks. We found that the dose of the drug was about 250 times more potent than fluvastatin, 20 times more than atorvastin, and 5.5 times more powerful than rosuvastatin. We also found that it was about 125 times as potent as fluvastsatin and 125 times more effective than rosugastatin. We did not find any evidence that there was a difference in the risk of adverse effects between the two drugs. There was a high risk of bias in the way the trials were done, but we judged the certainty of evidence for these results to be high. Withdrawals due to side effects were not different between the drugs and placebo in 11 of 19 trials (risk ratio 1.09, 95% confidence range 0.68 to 1.74). Withdrawal from the trials due to adverse effects was not reported in 42% of the trials. We judged the quality of the evidence to be very high.
We found 28 studies with a total of 6851 patients. We found that remote ischaemic preconditioning made little or no difference to the amount of blood in the blood at the time of surgery, the need for dialysis, the length of time spent in the hospital, or the risk of death. We did not find any evidence that the use of the cuff was more or less safe than the control group. It is not clear whether the method used to keep the cuff in place by clamping the iliac clamp leads to a greater risk of adverse effects compared to the other method. We also found that there was no difference between the two groups in terms of the number of deaths or the need to be put on a ventilator. We concluded that the evidence is up to date as of May 2016.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 703 adults with stroke. Eight of the 12 RCTs (703 adults) were conducted in the USA, one in the UK, and one in Australia. Eight trials (244 adults) looked at the effect of a range of medications (fluoxetine, enerion, (-)-OSU6162, citicoline and a combination of Chinese herbs; and two non-pharmacy-based stress-reducation programmes). The results showed that people with stroke who took part in one of these interventions were less tired than those who did not take part in the other. The effect was not seen in trials that had used adequate blinding of study assessors or in those that had not used a blinding method. Four trials (248 adults) did not look at the effects of any of the interventions on fatigue but other symptoms after stroke. None of these trials showed any benefit on reducing PSF, which included tirilazad mesylate, continuous positive airway pressure for sleep apnoea, antidepressants and a self-management programme for recovery from chronic diseases. There was not enough evidence to show whether any of these treatments were effective in reducing fatigue after stroke, and some trials had a high risk of bias. Some of the treatments described were feasible in stroke patients, but their use should be investigated in more robust studies with a larger sample size.
We found three trials with 74 preterm infants (outcome data available on 71 infants) with a mean age of 12 weeks. The trials were of very low to very low risk of bias due to the way in which they were done and the way they were carried out. All three trials were very small with very low numbers of participants. One study (Malone 1991) showed that the use of glucose and insulin, compared to cation-exchange resin, caused a reduction in all cause mortality that was of low to moderate risk of death. In the other (Hu 1999) study (Hu 2000) the number of infants with haemorrhage ≥ grade 2 was reduced, but there was no difference between the groups. The other trials (Singh 2002 and Hu 1999) did not show any differences in mortality or other outcomes. Albuterol inhalation compared to saline inhalation changed serum K+ at four hours and at eight hours after initiation of treatment. No serious side effects were noted with either the combination of insulin and glucose or albutersol (a drug used to treat high blood sugar levels in preterm babies). The results of this review are up to date as of May 2013. We did not find any evidence that any of the studies were of high quality. We are uncertain about the effect of other treatments for high blood levels of blood sugar. We do not know if any of these are safe or not.
Twelve trials were found that compared IVIg with PE in 623 people with mild to moderate-to-severe leukaemia. The evidence is up to date as of May 2016. Seven trials with a variable risk of bias were found to be at a high risk of being at risk of imprecision due to the way in which they were done. In five trials with 536 participants for whom the outcome was available, the mean difference (MD) of change in a seven-grade disability scale after four weeks was not different between the two treatments: MD of 0.02 of a grade more in the intravenous immunoglobulin group than the plasma exchange group; 95% CI 0.25 to -0.20. In one trial with 249 people with severe leukaemic leukopenia compared PE followed by IVIG with PE alone, improvement was 0.2 (95% CI -1.14 to 0.54) more than in the PE alone group; not significant, but not excluding the possibility of significant extra benefit. Adverse events were not significantly more frequent with either treatment, but the combined treatment was significantly much more likely to be completed than PE. One of the trials with 34 people with leukaemorrhagic leukopoietin-1 (LPL) did not show any difference between the groups in terms of improvement, but it was not clear whether or not this was due to chance. Another trial with 34 participants with LPL did not find any extra benefit from the combined use of the IVIs. One trial with 51 children with mild LPL showed no difference when the standard dose was given over two days rather than five days. Also, one study with 51 LPL patients showed no effect when the dose was increased over the course of the day rather than over a five-day course. There were no differences in any of the other measures that were assessed. There was no difference in the number of adverse events or in the severity of the LPL. The quality of the evidence was low for most of the outcomes.
We searched for trials up to May 2016. We found 28 trials with a total of 9330 patients. We included 21 trials with 7597 participants. The evidence is up-to-date to May 2015. We did not find any studies with a high or low risk of bias. We compared a high dose of oxygen with a low dose. We also looked at the effect of a high amount of oxygen on the risk of death, serious side-effects, and length of stay in the hospital. We were able to combine the results of 21 of the 21 trials and found that a high level of oxygen was not more or less likely to lead to death in the long term than a low or low dose, but we could not be sure that this was the case in the short term. We could not say whether this was true in the longer term, as we did not have a large enough sample size to be sure of this result. The results of the trials were of very low or very low quality, which means that we are very uncertain about the results. The quality of the evidence was very low for all of the outcomes we looked at. We judged the quality of evidence to be very low due to the small size of the studies and the fact that some of them had flaws in the way they were carried out, which may have led to some of the results to be imprecise.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of children up to 16 years of age with OME. We found 25 RCTs (3663 children) with a total of 3258 children. The evidence is up to date as of May 2016. We searched for studies up to February 2017. We did not find any studies with high risk of bias. Overall, we assessed most of the trials as at low to low risk of being at risk of imprecision. Two trials did not report on any of the outcomes of interest, leaving 23 trials (3258 children) covering a range of antibiotics, participants, outcome measures and time points for evaluation. The quality of the studies ranged from low to high, with a mean age range of 10 to 14 years. The number of children who had OME at any time point ranged from 10 days to six months. There was no difference in the number of people who had diarrhoea, vomiting or skin rash between those who had been given or not given antibiotics. We also found no data on other important outcomes such as speech, language and cognitive development or quality of life. Although we found that children treated with antibiotics were more than twice as likely to have their OME resolved at various time points, we also found evidence that these children were more likely to be more or less likely to suffer from other adverse events such as diarrhoeas, vomiting and skin rash. We were not able to assess the effect of the use of antibiotics on short-term or long-term hearing because of the small number of trials that we found. We could not tell from the results of the effects of the different types of antibiotics used to treat OME in the trials.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of people with both type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus. We found 12 RCTs with a mean age of 65 years and a mean follow-up time of six months. We did not find any data on the effects of LPDs on mortality, quality of life or costs. The results show that low-pregnant people with type 1 or type 2 diabetics may be less likely to die from any cause if they take part in a LPD. They may also be more likely to be able to eat more than they need to, but we do not know if this is true for those with type 2 or type 1 diabetes. We also found no data on health- and costs.
We found 19 studies with 3480 adults with ABIB who had been in hospital for at least six months. Twelve studies were of good quality and the other seven were of low or very low quality. We found that people with mild to moderate ABI were more likely to make a good recovery when they were followed-up, and to be able to take part in a group-based rehabilitation programme. They were less likely to need to be re-examined when they returned to hospital, and were more able to cope with their rehabilitation. We also found that those with moderate to severe ABI who were already in rehabilitation were more successful when they received more intensive treatment. We did not find evidence to support the use of a milieu-oriented model of rehabilitation for those with severe brain injury, in which they were re-assessed by a peer group of people with the same type of ABI. We do not know which treatments work best for which patients over the long term, and which models of service represent value for money in the context of life-long care. In the future, we will need to look at evidence gathered from large, well-conducted trials.
We found one randomised controlled trial (involving 176 women) that compared rooming-in versus separate care. We found no evidence to support or refute the practice of rooming in versus mother-infant rooming. The evidence is up to date as of May 2016. We combined three of the groups as the intervention (rooming-in) group and the fourth group acted as the control (separate care) and we analysed the results as a single pair-wise comparison. We did not find any differences between the groups in terms of the length of time infants were breastfed, the amount of time they had to be breastfed or the number of times a day they were fed. There was no difference found between the two groups in the proportion of infants who were exclusively breastfed at six months of age. The mean frequency of breastfeeds per day on day four postpartum was 8.3 times per day for the roomed-in group compared with 7.2 for the separate care group. However, we could not be sure if this was the same as the rate at which the infants were fed at a fixed time of day. The rate of breastfeeding on the first day after birth was 86% (99 of 115) compared with 45% (17 of 38) in the group in which the infant was breastfed in the room. We could not tell whether or not this difference was due to the factorial design of the study, which was based on the child's location in relation to the mother and the type of the baby's clothing. None of our other outcomes were assessed in this review. The quality of the evidence was low.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of sanchi for acute ischaemic stroke. We found eight RCTs with 660 participants. Seven of the eight trials were of poor quality. Follow-up time was less than one month in six of the trials. Only two of the studies were of high risk of bias. Data were available for the number of people who were dead or dependent at the end of 28 days of treatment, which showed a lower rate of death and dependency in the sanchic group than in the control group. One of the seven trials that looked at the effect of sanchi on the risk of stroke recurrences showed that it did not seem to be as good as the other treatments. The total case fatality rate was lower than 1%, which means that people who had mild strokes were less likely to have a stroke. Few adverse events were reported. The quality of the evidence was poor.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to May 2016. We found 14 RCTs but only seven trials could be included. Four trials compared the timing of implant placement in the teeth of people who had just had their teeth extracted. One RCT compared immediate-delayed versus delayed implants in 46 patients. There was no difference between the groups in terms of the amount of time taken for the implant to be put in place, the time it took for the tooth to be filled and the level of the perimplant marginal mucosa in relation to that of the adjacent teeth as more or less in line with those of the other teeth. The other three trials compared different types of bone grafting for implants placed in the tooth sockets. There were no differences in the number of patients who had to have a bone graft or in the extent to which bone was used in postextractive sites (1 trial with 26 patients) or which was the most effective augmentation technique (2 trials with 56 patients). There was not enough evidence to show whether any of the methods used in the trials was better or worse than the others. There is a suggestion that there may be a greater risk of implant failures and complications when implants are put in just after the teeth have been removed. On the other hand, there might be an improvement in the appearance of the teeth when the implants are placed in place just after they have been taken out.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing clioquinol (PBT1 and PBT2) with placebo in people with mild Alzheimer's dementia. We found two RCTs with a total of 36 patients. One study compared PBT1 (250 mg) with a placebo (a dummy drug) in 78 adults with mild dementia. There was no difference between the two groups in terms of the number of days in which people were able to function at their best and the amount of time they spent in bed. There were no differences in the quality of life of those taking part in the study. One person in the PBT group was able to see better when he or she took the drug, but this may have been due to the effect of the drug on their eyesight. One of the participants in the active group did not have any adverse effects. The other group of people in the placebo group had some side effects, but these did not seem to be as bad as those in the group that received the drug. We have some concerns about the way in which the study was carried out and the way it was designed. We do not know whether the drug is safe, or whether it is safe in the long term. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found 36 studies with 2999 adults and children (aged 18 years or over) with a mean age of 18 years. Nineteen of the trials were in adults and one was in children. We found that PDE5 inhibitors were more than twice as good as placebo in people with high blood pressure, and were 22% less likely to die over a mean of 14 weeks compared to placebo (high-certainty evidence). There was an increased risk of side effects, such as headache, gastrointestinal upset, flushing, and muscle aches and joint pain. We did not find any evidence of worsening hypoxia (low blood levels of oxygen in the blood). We found no difference in the number of deaths between the two groups. There were no differences in the amount of time people were able to walk, or the length of time they had to be on a ventilator, compared to those on other PAH-specific drugs (e.g. tadalafil, vardenafil and sildenafil). We were not able to draw any conclusions about the effect of these drugs on the risk of dying from any cause. We also found no evidence of a difference in any of the other types of PAH drugs used to treat people with chronic thromboembolic (blood clotting) disease. We could not be sure of the results of this review due to imprecision and inconsistency in the way the results were analysed.
We found 22 trials with a total of 2193 adults who received regional anaesthesia for hand, wrist, arm or elbow surgery. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2016. We found one new trial with 45 adults. The trials were well-designed and well-conducted, but there were a few flaws in the way they were done. The quality of the evidence was high for most of the results, but we did not find evidence that there were any differences between the methods used in the trials in terms of the number of people who had to be put to sleep or how long it took them to recover from surgery. We also found that there was no evidence that any of the methods were more or less safe than the other methods. There was also no difference in the time it took for patients to be ready for surgery, or in the amount of pain they felt after surgery.
We searched for studies up to May 2016. We found three studies that used beclomethasone 200 mcg twice a day for 7-12 months to treat children with mild-to-mild asthma. All three studies used dry powder Diskhaler, which is a type of inhaled steroid that is used to treat mild- to mild-moderate asthma. The average length of treatment ranged from 54 weeks to 12 months, with a maximum of 54 weeks. In all three studies, a significant decrease in growth was seen in the number of cm per year in the length of the child's lung. We are unable to comment on growth effects of other inhaled steroids that have potentially less systemic effects. We do not know whether this effect is sustained or whether it reverses with 'catch up' after treatment is stopped. If inhaled drugs are needed to treat a child's asthma, we recommend using the dose that works best for the child and closely following growth.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing CAPD with APD in people with PD. We found three RCTs with a total of 139 patients. The results showed that APD did not differ from CAPD in terms of risk of death, risk of peritonitis, hernias, fluid leaks, catheter removal, or admission to hospital. One RCT found that patients on APD had more time for work, and more time to spend with their family and friends. There was no difference in the amount of time spent in hospital or in the number of days spent in intensive care. There is a need for a RCT with a large number of patients to compare the benefits and harms of APD with CAPD.
We found 37 trials with a total of 9312 patients. We found that CRT was superior to RT in terms of time to death, progression and recurrences, as well as overall risk of death and recurrence. We did not find any evidence that RT was better than CT. We also found no evidence that CT was worse than CRT. We were not able to compare RT to CT because we did not have enough data to do so. However, we were able to show that RT alone gives a higher risk of recurrance and more need for the use of salvage treatment. We could not show whether CT was better or worse than IF-RT because we could not combine the results of the trials. We are unable to show whether RT was more or less safe than CT alone. We do not know if CT is better than RT or not, but we do know that CT seems to cause less recurriation. We cannot be sure whether RT is better or not because we do not have any data to show this. We concluded that RT seems to be the best treatment for most early stage (I-II) HD patients. For advanced stages (III to IV) of HD, CRT may be better but CT alone seems to lead to more recurrs. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016.
We found 26 studies with 27 treatment groups that enrolled a total of 4893 participants. Opioids were given by mouth, transdermal, or intrathecals (where the drug is injected through the skin or into the body through a vein). Most of the studies were randomised controlled trials (RCTs), and the other was an RCT that compared two different types of painkillers. We found that people who were able to take their painkillers long-term did not have as much pain as those who were not able to, but they did have less pain than those who did not take their drugs. We did not find evidence that any of the three types of drugs were better than the other, but we did find that the amount of pain they relieved was greater in the transdermals group. Many of the people who took their drugs had minor side effects (such as nausea and headache), but serious side effects, such as iatrogenic opioid addiction, were rare. We were unable to draw conclusions about the effect of these drugs on people's quality of life or how well they did in the long term.
We found only one study with 212 adults with spinal cord injury and open pressure ulcers classed as stage III and IV. The participants were mainly male (98.2%, 106/108) with a mean age of 58.4 years in the oxandrolone group and were all male (100%, 104/104) with an age range of 57.3 to 57.6 years in those in the placebo group. They were followed for a 24-week treatment period. The results of this study showed that there was no difference in the rate of healing of ulcers at the end of 24 weeks compared with a dose of placebo. There was very low-to-very low-certainty evidence on the risk of adverse events in the group treated with oxandroline (20 mg/day, administered orally) compared with placebo (an inactive substance consisting of 98% starch and 2% magnesium stearate) and we assessed the certainty of the evidence as very low. We are not able to draw any conclusions about the effect of anabolic steroids on the number of people who had a pain in the wound or wound surface area. We assessed the quality of the results of the study to be very low, which means that we are very uncertain about the results. We also assessed the evidence to be of very low risk of bias due to the way in which the study was carried out and the way it was done. The study stopped early when the futility analysis (interim analysis) in the opinion of the authors showed that oxandolone had no benefit over placebo for improving ulcer healing. There is no high-quality evidence to support the use of anogenic steroids in the treatment of pressure ulcer ulcers. Further well-designed, large-scale, well-conducted studies are necessary to assess the effects of anabdomenics on the healing of the ulcer.
We found six trials with a total of 8372 people. Four of the six trials were at high risk of bias for at least one domain. All trials were judged to be at high-risk of bias due to the way in which they were done, and the way they were carried out. We found that there was no evidence that email was more or less effective than other forms of care. There was no difference between the groups in terms of the use of email for the provision of information on disease prevention and health promotion. We did not find any data on harms of email. We judged the quality of the trials to be low or very low.
We found 11 studies with 855 adults with BPPV. A total of nine studies used post-Epley postural restrictions as their modification of the Epley manoeuvre. There was no evidence of a difference in the results for post-treatment vertigo intensity or subjective assessment of improvement in individual or pooled data. Pooled data showed that there was a small increase in the rate of Dix-Hallpike (a test of the brain's ability to change from a positive to a negative result) in the group that had the postural restriction compared to those who did not have them. No serious side effects were found, but there were some minor side effects such as neck pain, neck stiffness, dizziness and disequilibrium in some patients. We did not find evidence of benefit of mastoid oscillation applied during the manoeuvre, or of the use of an 'augmented' manoeuvre to increase the number of steps in an 'elevation' of the manoeuvres. There is not enough evidence to support the routine use of mastoids on the neck to increase their rate of oscillation, or to make it more difficult for the patient to stand up.
We found four studies with a total of 231 adults with chronic rhinitis with nasal polyps. There were three types of surgery: (1) endoscopic sinus surgery (ESS) versus systemic steroids (one study, 109), (2) polypectomy (two studies, 87), and (3) ESS plus topical steroid versus antibiotics plus high-dose topical steroid (one trial, 35). All participants also received topical steroids but doses and types were the same between the treatment arms of each study, except for the study using antibiotics. In that study, the medical treatment arm had higher doses than the surgical arm. In two of the studies, the authors did not report the outcomes of interest. Although there were important differences in the types of treatments and comparisons used in these trials, the results were similar. There was no evidence that one type of surgery was better than the other in terms of symptoms, quality of life, or adverse events. The quality of the evidence was very low or very low for all of the main outcomes. We did not find any evidence that any of the different types of treatment was better or worse than the others. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The evidence is current to May 2017.
We found eight trials with a total of709 adults and children aged 18 years or younger. Seven of the trials were from low- and middle-income countries of Asia, Africa, Europe, and Latin America, and one was from the USA. Four of the studies compared the effect of zinc-fortified staple foods with unfortified foods (comparison 1), and four compared the use of foods with zinc in combination with other nutrients/factors with the same foods without zinc (compare 2). The interventions lasted between one and nine months. We did not find evidence of a difference in serum or plasma levels of zinc in people who had foods fortified with zinc plus other micronutrients when compared with those who did not have these foods. There was no evidence of an effect on the number of children who were underweight or were at risk of underweight, or on children’s growth, cognition, work capacity of adults, or haematological (blood levels of iron, copper, and other minerals). There were no studies that looked at the effects of adding zinc to foods. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all of the results. Most of the included trials were at high risk of bias due to the way in which they were carried out.
We found 11 studies with 3060 men with metastatic prostate cancer. We found that the use of non-steroidal (non-steroid) antiandrogens compared with castration (medicine or surgery) in men with advanced prostate cancer was less effective in terms of survival, progression, treatment failure and side-effects. We also found that men who were treated with these drugs were more at risk of breast pain, gynaecomastia, hot flashes, haemorrhage, nocturia, fatigue, loss of sexual interest and urinary frequency when compared with those who were not given these drugs. However, we did not find any evidence that these drugs had an effect on cancer-specific survival or on the amount of time men lived with metastasised prostate cancer, or on how long they had to live with the disease. We rated the quality of the evidence as being of low to very low risk of bias.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of women over the age of 39 to 74 years who were screened for breast cancer. We found eight RCTs with 600,000 women in the analyses in the age range 39 to 75 years. We did not find any difference in the risk of death from any cause after 10 years. Three trials with adequate randomisation did not show a reduction in breast cancer deaths at 13 years (relative risk (RR) 0.90, 95% CI 0.79 to 1.02); four trials with suboptimal randomisation showed a significant reduction in mortality with an RR of 0.75 (95%CI 0.67 to 0.83). The RR for all seven trials combined was 0.81. We also found that breast cancer mortality was an unreliable outcome that was biased in favour of screening, mainly due to differential misclassification of cause of death. The trials with a high risk of bias did not found an effect of screening on total cancer deaths, including breast cancer, or on all-cause mortality after 10 or 13 years. The use of radiotherapy was increased in the screened groups, but there was no change in the use of chemotherapy. The number of lumpectomies and mastectomies were more in the women who had been screened, as were the number of mastectoms. There was no difference between the groups in the rate of cancer recurrence or in the incidence of breast cancer in women who did not have cancer. If we assume that screening reduces breast cancer death by 15% and that overdiagnosis and overtreatment is at 30%, it means that for 10 healthy women, who would not have been diagnosed if there had not been screening, will not have died from breast cancer and 10 women who would have had cancer but did not would have been, will be treated. Furthermore, more than 200 women will be in distress for years because of false test results. We have written an evidence-based leaflet for lay people that is available in several languages on www.cochrane.org.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 522 women. Three of the four RCTs compared 10,000 to 20,000 units of hCG priming with no priming. One RCT did not report on outcomes per woman, and so was not included in formal analysis. One of the studies did not provide enough data to allow us to assess the effect of priming on live birth rates, pregnancy rates, or the number of women who had a miscarriage. We found no evidence of a difference in the live birth rate per woman randomised, but we did find evidence that priming may lead to a reduction in the rate of women having a live birth. We did not find any data on adverse events (other than miscarriage) or drug side-effects. We need more well-designed studies to be able to draw conclusions about the role of hG priming in IVM, and the best dose and timing.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to May 2009. We found 24 RCTs with a total of 10,114 women. The evidence is up to date as of May 2010. We did not find any evidence that ERT or HRT were more or less effective than other forms of hormone treatment in preventing cognitive decline in women over 60 years of age. We also found no evidence that HRT or ERT had a greater or worse effect than other types of treatment. We were not able to determine whether HRT was more or worse than ERT, or whether ERT was less or better than HRT. We could not be sure whether any of the types of HRT had a better or worse side-effect in women of any age group. It is not known whether any specific types of ERT and HRT have an effect in subgroups of older postmenopausal women, although there was evidence that combined HRT and ERT in women aged 60 years or over was associated with a decrement in a number of verbal tests and a small improvement in a test of figural memory. We do not know whether there were any differences in the type of menopause, age of the women in the study group, type of treatment (e.g. type of estrogen with or without a progestagen), mode of delivery (transdermal, oral or intramuscular) and dosage (type of hormone) and whether the absence or presence of menopausal symptoms can modify treatment effects should be investigated in more detail. We are not sure whether there is any difference in the way in which HRT is used or not, and we are not certain whether there are any differences between groups of women in terms of whether or not they are treated with HRT (or ERT).
We searched for studies up to May 2016 and found two studies with 880 adults with COPD. We found one study with 80 adults who had COPD and one with 80 people who did not have COPD, and both used the same combination of inhaled ICS/LABA (fluticasone furoate and vilanterol 100/25 mcg once daily; FF/VI) versus LAMA (18 mcg tiotropium; TIO). They were published as full articles, and neither study was at low risk of bias in all domains. Both studies lasted 12 weeks. Compared to the TIO arm, we found no difference in the number of deaths or the severity of COPD flare-ups. We also found no differences between the two inhalers in terms of side effects, and we are not sure whether once-daily ICS combined in one inhaler, compared to LAMA, has a better or worse side effect profile than LAMA alone. We did not find any differences between ICS and LAMA in the quality of life, or in the amount of time people spent in the hospital. We are not confident in the results of this review because of the short follow-up period and the very low quality of evidence.
We found four short-term RCTs with a total of 169 adults with BDD. These were randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in which people were randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups and then put back in one of the other groups. One of the studies was randomised, and the other was not. The results of the RCT showed that people who took fluoxetine and clomipramine were more likely to be able to cope with their BDD than those who did not. They were also less likely to have symptoms of BDD, and had a low relapse rate (4/22) in one trial of CBT. The findings of these studies need to be tested in other groups, such as adolescents, and using other selective SRIs, as well as a range of other treatments (alone and in combination).
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of cotrimoxazole desensitization for prophylaxis of HIV-infected adults. We found three RCTs with a total of 268 adults with HIV/AIDS who were randomly put into one of the treatment groups or the other. The trials compared the use of a protocol to desensits the body to the drug with a rechallenge (rechallenge) of the drug. The results showed that when compared to the rechallage protocol, the treatment was more likely to be stopped at six months of follow-up. There was no evidence that there was a difference in the risk of adverse events between the two treatment groups. However, we did not find any evidence that either protocol was better than the other in terms of the number of people who stopped taking the drug, or the amount of time they had to take it, or how often they took it.
We searched for trials up to May 2016. We found three trials with 148 preterm infants. The trials compared midazolam with a placebo (placebo) or another sedative. We did not find any new trials for this update. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2015. We identified no new studies for this review. The results of the trials showed that the babies were more sedated when they were put in the midazolinolam group compared with the babies in the placebo group. However, none of the sedation scales used have been validated in preterm babies; therefore, we could not assess the effect of this drug in this group. The length of time the babies spent in the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) was longer in the babies who were put into this group than in the infants who were placed in the other group. One study (43 infants) showed that babies were less pain-relieving when they received midazilam compared with those who received dextrose (a sedative) in the first week of life. Another study (46 infants) found that there were more adverse events (death, grade III or IV IVH or PVL) at 28 days' postnatal age (adverse events such as death, grade II or IVH and PVL), in the group that was put into the sedative group compared to the group in which the baby was placed into the morphine group. There was no difference between the groups in terms of number of deaths, length of stay in the NICU, number of days in the ICU and number of adverse events by 28 days of age. We judged the quality of the three trials to be of high quality.
Twelve randomised trials with 767 adults were found to be of very low to very low risk of bias. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2016. We found no differences in the number of people who had diarrhoea at two to four days after the end of treatment compared with those who did not have any symptoms. There was no difference in the amount of time people had to spend in hospital, or in the length of time they had to be in hospital. There were more adverse events in the people who were treated with quinolone than those who were not. We are uncertain of the effects in very young people, very old people, and in people with severe and extraintestinal disease.
We included 23 studies (n = 4192 adults) with a range of ages, ages, and types of illness. The studies were of high risk of bias due to the way in which they were done and the way they were carried out. We found that we were able to combine the results from 21 studies (3650 adults) and found 66% (95% confidence range 66% to 74%) of the results to be accurate. If we test 1000 adults with suspected sepsis with IL-6, we will find that 330 out of 1000 would be tested for septic shock, while 130 out of 130 would be wrongly considered to have septicaemia, and 170 out of 170 would have been undiagnosed. We also found that 370 of 1000 adults would be able to avoid the need for a course of antibiotics, and 370 would not need them. We did not find any evidence that any of the studies were at high risk for bias, but we did not have high levels of confidence in the results due to differences in the way the data were collected. The results of this review are up-to-date as of May 2016.
We found 29 trials with a total of 5718 participants. There were 16 trials that compared wound dressing with no wound dressing (wound exposure) and 25 trials that looked at other types of dressing, with the majority of these compared with film dressings, silver dressing or hydrocolloid dressing. We did not find evidence to show whether wound exposure or any other type of wound dressing reduces or increases the risk of SSI, or whether any particular wound dressing is more effective than others in reducing the risk, or is easier to remove. Most of the trials were small and at a high risk of bias. Studies were small, had low numbers of events and were often not clear about how they were carried out. There was also a lack of data on other outcomes, such as scarring and pain, and we were not able to tell whether wound dressers were more or less safe than others. We assessed the evidence as very low or very low for most comparisons (and low for others), with downgrading (according to GRADE criteria) mainly due to risks of bias and imprecision. We summarise the results of comparisons with meta-analysed data below: - film dressing compared with basic wound contact dressing following clean surgery (very low certainty evidence downgraded once for risk of biased bias and twice for imprecise results), - silver-containing dressings compared with the same type of dress after clean surgery, very low certainty of the results downgraded twice for chance of bias, and very low to very low risk of imprecised results. - hydrocoloid dresses compared with 'clean' or 'contaminated' dressing after potentially contaminated surgery, with very low-to-high-risk-of-wound-disease (very-low-or-very low-risk of-wetness) and very-low to low- to very- low- risk of-infection-related-wounds compared with other dressing types, and with the use of silver-and-silver-based dressing in the same way as in the 'clean/contaminate' group. We were unable to determine whether any of the dressing was better or worse than the other types, or if any of them were more safe or better than the others. The evidence is up to date as of May 2016.
We searched for trials up to May 2016. We found one randomised study with 179 women who were at high risk of postpartum depression. Women were randomly put into one of three groups: one group had selenium tablets, the other group had fish oil, and the third group had eicosapentaenoic acid (DHA) tablets. Women received supplements or placebo from 12 to 20 weeks of age up to their final review visit six to eight weeks after birth. Women who were found to be at low risk of depression at the start of the study were excluded from the study. There was a high rate of attrition bias due to a large number of women withdrawing from the trial or not completing an EPDS. The women who did not take part in the trial did not complete the EPDS, but did complete a self-assessments test. The other study compared docosahexanoic acid tablets and eico-dihydroacetic acid (EPA) tablets with placebo tablets. Eighty-three women were randomised to each arm of the trial. Sixty-one women completed the placebo arm, 44 of whom completed an Edinburgh Postnatal Depression Scale (EPDS). In the EPA arm, 64 women did not participate in the study, 41 of whom did. Three women in the EPA group, four in the DHA group, and one woman in the placebo group were lost to follow-up. The study did not report on any of the other outcomes of this review. There is no evidence to support the use of supplements or fish oil tablets for the prevention of postnatal depression. We are not able to recommend any other type of supplement for the treatment of preterm birth.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of anthracycline in adults with leukaemias and solid tumours. We found 11 RCTs, with a total of 5280 adults. Seven of these were randomised placebo-controlled studies, and the other four were randomized, double-blind, placebo-disease-free studies. We searched for data up to May 2016. We included a meta-analysis of the data from five trials (557 adults) that assessed the effect of six hours or longer on the risk of heart failure compared to a short-term (four days or less) or longer (three days or more) dose of the drug. We did not find any differences in the rate of heart attack or stroke. We also did not identify any differences between the dose of doxorubicin (a drug used to treat heart and lung cancer) or epirubicins (an antiepileptic drug used for the treatment of leukaemia). We found no difference in the number of heart attacks or strokes in adults treated with a dose of less than 60 mg/m2. We were not able to determine whether there was any effect of the dose on the amount of blood in the heart. We could not tell whether there were any adverse events, such as heart or lung damage, in the people who were treated with different doses of the drugs. There was a lack of data for children, so we could not draw any conclusions about this. More high-quality research is needed, both in children and adults.
We found 37 trials with a total of 3110 adults and children with TBI. Most of these were new studies and five were re-assessed and re-examined during the 2017 update. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of hypothermia on death or other adverse events. We found that there were too few trials to be able to draw any firm conclusions about the effects of this treatment. There were also too few participants to be sure of the results. We were not able to assess risk of bias in any of the trials because of the way they were done. We used the GRADE approach to assess the quality of the evidence for each outcome and downgraded the results for death and unfavourable outcome to very low. We also used GRADE to assess results for the number of people who died or were in a coma, and we did not use GRADE for the amount of time spent in hospital, or the length of follow-up in the hospital. We could not combine the results of the data for any of these outcomes because there was too much variation in the way the trials were done and we were unable to combine them in a way that could be combined.
We found three high- and three low-quality studies, with a total of 519 people with depression. The studies were very heterogeneous in terms of the way they were carried out, and the way in which they were done. We were able to combine the results from three studies, which showed that, compared with no treatment or a waiting list condition, the use of the same form of therapy was more effective than no or waiting list, and on increasing the amount of time people spent in the home and on the family. We did not find evidence to show that any of the different forms of therapy were better than the other, but we did find that the quality of the evidence was very low. We concluded that more high-quality, well-designed, and well-conducted studies are needed to answer this question.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing the use of Duxil with placebo in adults with dementia. We found three RCTs with 206 participants. All three were at high risk of bias. When analysed as a group, we found that there was a beneficial effect of Doxil on the improvement of cognitive function. We did not find any data on behaviour and death at the end of treatment and follow-up. There were no data on quality of life, caregiver burden or adverse events. We were not able to combine the results of the three trials because of the small number of trials and the way in which they were done.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to May 2016. We found seven RCTs with 960 adults with lymphadenoid lymphadenopulmonary lymphoma who had had lymphadenodilator surgery to remove the lymph in their lymph nodes. The results showed that people who had a drain inserted after lymphadenectomy were less likely to have a seroma after surgery. There was no difference between those who had the drain and those who did not have a drain. However, there was an increase in the length of time spent in hospital, and there was a reduction in the risk of lymphoedema and haematoma after the drain was put in place. The quality of the evidence was low, with several studies at risk of bias, and no studies used blinding during treatment or outcome assessment. The evidence is up to date as of May 2015.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effect of flavonoids on the risk of colorectal cancer. We found eight RCTs with 390,769 participants. Five studies used a randomised study design, two were case-control studies and one was a RCT (randomised controlled trial). The three studies were of high quality, and the other two were of medium or low quality. The results form the RCT studies were contradictory. There was no evidence that total flavonoid intake was more or less than half of the recommended amount. The evidence for Isoflavones, Flavonols, Flavones and Flavanones was conflicting. For Flavan-3-ols, the results from two studies showed that increased intake of Flavan 3-ols was more than twice as likely to be associated with CRC and adenomas. For epicatechin, there was a low risk of CRC with high intake of epicatechins. For procyanidin and phytoestrogen, the evidence was mixed. For anthocyanin, the findings were mixed. There were no clear benefits or harms of high or low levels of anthocynin. The quality of the studies was low or very low.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of people with HCV genotype 1 who were at high risk of relapsing after 48 weeks of treatment with peginterferon plus ribavirin. We found seven RCTs with a total of 1369 participants. Five trials used our first definition of slow responders, and three other trials (including one that used both definitions) used the second definition. None of the trials mentioned our main outcomes. The length of treatment did not change the number of people who relapsed virologically, and there was no difference between the groups in terms of number of deaths or side effects. However, we found that people who had been treated for 72 weeks or more had a higher rate of virological response compared to those who had received 48 weeks or less of treatment. We did not find any difference in the rate of side effects between the two groups. There was not enough data to be able to say whether or not this was due to chance or due to systematic errors (play of chance). There was no data on death or side side effects, and we could not be sure if there were any differences in adverse events between the treatment groups.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of EUS in people with pancreatic cancer or periampullary cancer found to have resectable cancer on CT scan. We found only two RCTs (34 patients) that met our inclusion criteria. Both studies were of low to very low risk of bias in one and high risk in the other. There was no evidence to suggest that EUS should be used in the treatment of people with cancer in the pancreas found to be inoperable after CT scan, but there was some low to moderate quality of the results of one RCT and moderate to high risk of low RCT in the second RCT. The results of the RCT showed that 61 out of 100 patients who had resectal cancer after CT test had unresectable cancer after laparotomy (laparotomy is a surgery where the cancer is removed from the tumour with a laparoscopy). This means that 13% of people (95% CI 3% to 39%) with positive EUS have potentially resected cancer and 20% (5% to 53%) of those with negative EUS (e.g. EUS does not show that the cancer has been removed) have unresected. The RCT results also showed that 20% of those who had EUS showed that their cancer had not been found on CT test (EUS did not show if the cancer had been removed). Based on these results, we do not know whether EUS can be used to treat cancer in pancreatic cancers. There is not enough good quality RCT data to be able to tell if EUS is useful in this area.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in which people with blepharitis were followed for at least one year. We found 34 RCTs with a total of 2169 participants. We did not find any trials that looked at the use of any of the treatments we searched for. We were able to perform meta-analyses of the results, but we were not able to combine the results of the analyses. Topical antibiotics were shown to be effective in relieving symptoms and were effective in the removal of bacteria from the eyelid. Lid hygiene may provide symptomatic relief for both anterior and posterior blepharsitis. The effectiveness of other treatments, such as topical steroids and oral antibiotics, were inconclusive. There was no strong evidence for any of these treatments in terms of cure of chronic blepharritis. There is no clear evidence to show that these treatments are safe and effective. We do not know if any of them are safe or safe for the long-term use of people with this type of condition. We also did not see evidence that they were safe and safe for use in the short-term. We concluded that there is a need for more research in this area.
We found one study with a total of 23 adults with RRP. This study was at high risk of bias. None of our main outcomes and only one of our secondary outcomes (reduction in volume of disease, assessed endoscopically) was measured in the study. There was no difference between the groups (very low-risk of bias). Adverse effects reported included airway swelling requiring intubation in a child with severe RRP a few hours after photodynamic treatment. There is not enough evidence from high-quality randomised controlled trials to determine whether photodynamic therapy changes the course of RRP or provides an added benefit to surgery in patients with recurrent respiratory papillomatosis. Outcomes such as improvement in symptoms (respiratory function and voice quality) and quality of life should be measured in future trials.
We found 42 studies with 4220 adults with endoleaks. We found that CE-CDUS is more accurate than CDUS in detecting endoleak in adults. We did not find any evidence that CDUS is as good as CDUS, but we did find that it is more reliable. We were able to combine the results of 21 of the 42 studies, which were of moderate to low risk of bias due to differences in the way they were done and the way in which they were carried out. We also found that we could not be sure whether the results were the same in people who did or did not take part in the study. We could not tell whether CE- CDUS was as good or as poor as the CDUS because of the way the studies were done, and we were not able to tell if there were any differences between the studies in terms of how they were run, the way that they were performed, and whether they were randomised or not. However, we did not see any evidence of bias in any of the studies. We are able to show that both ultrasound modalities (with or with the use of contrast) are effective in the detection of endolek in adults, and that both are safe and well-travelled.
We found seven studies, with 766 women, all of whom had low back pain in labour. All were women who were in labour for at least one day. The women were followed up for between one and 12 weeks. The average age of the women was 35 years. All had low-back pain in their labour. They were followed for one to 12 weeks, and all were women with a low back. We found no differences in the amount of pain they felt, or in the pain they were able to feel. We did not find any difference in the rate of caesarean birth, the time of birth, or the number of babies born. We also found no evidence that there was any effect on women's satisfaction with pain relief, women's sense of control in labour, mothers' satisfaction with the childbirth experience, mother/baby interaction, rates of breastfeeding, maternal morbidity, infant long-term outcomes, or cost. No adverse events were reported other than short-term pain with injection, which was worse with sterile water. The quality of the evidence was good, but four studies were at high risk of bias due to small size of study groups, incomplete outcome data, and performance bias.
Twelve trials with a total of 1932 adults were included in this review. We found that glue was better than sutures in reducing the amount of pain and the length of time it took for the hernia to heal compared with suture. We also found that the number of hernia recurrences was the same in the glue group compared with the suture group. We did not find any differences between the groups in terms of the type of mesh used to fix the herniated hernia. However, we did find that the use of a new type of herniation mesh was more effective than suture in the long term. We were not able to draw any conclusions about the long-term use of glue in herniations due to the lack of data. We concluded that glue may be a good alternative to suture for hernia repair in Lichtenstein hernias. The evidence is up to date as of May 2016. The quality of the evidence was low to low. The main reasons for this were that most of the trials were of low to very low risk of bias, which means that we cannot be sure of the results. Two studies were quasi-randomised, which meant that we did not know which group was which. One of these was funded by the manufacturer of the fibrin sealant used in the study. The other study was not well-conducted and did not report on some of the outcomes we were looking at.
We searched for evidence in May 2016. We found 32 studies that looked at the effects of the 'package' of changes made to the way that papers were written and published. We did not find any randomised randomised controlled trials, but we did find evidence that a 'package of changes' applied between the time the papers were accepted for publication and the time they were published improved the quality of the papers. We also found that there was some improvement in the way the articles were written, but not in the length of the articles. There was also some increase in the amount of time it took for the papers to be published, but this did not seem to have an effect on the number of errors in the papers or on the way they were written. We could not be sure whether this was due to the fact that some of the changes were made in a way that was not clear to the authors.
We found 15 studies with 721 adults with cancer pain due to diverse types of malignancy. We found that codeine or codeine plus paracetamol was more than twice as good as placebo for pain relief, but with an increased risk of nausea, vomiting, and constipation. There were three deaths, in all cases due to the cancer. Most of the studies were small, of short duration, and most had problems with the way they were carried out. We did not find any data for children. The quality of the evidence was poor, and we were not able to draw any conclusions about the long-term use of codeine for cancer pain.
We found 12 trials with 563 people with HbSS, HbSC or HbSβthal, aged six to 35 years old, who were all African-American. They were followed up for eight weeks to 12 months. They received one hour to one week of one-to-one or six-week sessions for one to eight weeks and the post-intervention assessments ranged from the end of the intervention period to one year after completion. There was a high risk of bias due to the way in which some of the trials were designed and the way they were run. We found evidence that the use of educational programs can help people with sickle cell disease to recognise signs and symptoms of their disease, but we did not find evidence that it helps them to self-manage their illness. We also found that it can help them to be more aware of their symptoms and to be able to cope with them. We were not able to assess the effect of these programs on the number of people who were able to help themselves or their carers to help them cope with their symptoms. We could not be sure whether this was due to differences in the way the studies were done or whether it was because of the way that some of them were done. We did not see any differences between groups in terms of the type of care they were given or how long it took them to complete the program. We judged the quality of the evidence to be of low or very low, which means that we are very uncertain about the results of this review.
We found six studies with a total of 2411 adults aged 16 to 80 years of age. We found that brivaracetam, when used as an add-on treatment for people with drug-resistant epilepsy, is effective in reducing seizure frequency and can help them to achieve seizure freedom. However, it is important to note that only one of the studies was designed to look at people with generalised seizures, and all studies were of short duration. We judged the quality of the evidence to be of low or very low risk of bias, meaning that we are not able to be sure of the results. One of the trials did not report how it was done, and the other did not use a method to make sure that participants knew which treatment group they were receiving. One study did not describe how blinding was maintained, and another did not tell us how participants were allocated to receive or not to receive the drug. We did not find any evidence to show that the use of briaracetam was more or less effective than placebo in reducing the number of seizures, but we did find that it was more likely to cause more side-effects. We also found that people who received brivar acetam were more than twice as likely to have side-side-effects compared with those who did not receive brivaracetam. We concluded that the evidence is up to date as of May 2016.
We searched for evidence up to May 2016. We found 38 studies, mostly from high-income and low-to-middle-income countries, that looked at the ways in which parents were informed about the use of the MMR (measles, mumps, rubicapillar) vaccine. Most of the studies were from the USA, UK, and Australia. The evidence is up to date as of May 2015. The results of this review show that parents were more likely to accept the information they were given about the MMR vaccine if they were told about it in a way that made them feel more or less sure about it. They were less likely to be able to tell which source of information they could trust, and they were more willing to accept it if they did not know which source it came from. We also found that they were less willing to trust the source of the information if they thought it was biased. We have high or low or very low levels of confidence in the quality of the evidence. We did not find any studies that addressed the way in which health care providers in low- or low- to middle-income country settings were able to reach out to parents.
We found 10 trials with a total of 599 anorexic adolescents and adults. Two of the 10 trials were of high risk of bias due to the way they were done and the way in which they were carried out. We found that there were too few participants to be able to tell whether any of the treatments were better or worse than the others. We did not find any differences in the number of people who dropped out of the trials. We also found that when we looked at the results of one trial, we found that treatment as usual (TAU) when delivered by a non-eating-disorder specialist or similar may be less efficacious than treatment by a specialist. This was based on just one trial. There was a suggestion in one trial that focal psychodynamic therapy might be better than TAU, but this is in the context of TAU performing poorly. There were no differences in overall dropout rates between the two types of treatment. We could not draw any conclusions about the effects of specific treatments for anorexia nervosa in adults or older adolescents. The quality of the evidence was very low, mainly due to a lack of blinding (in 60% of the studies) and the fact that some of the participants were aware of which group they were in and some were not aware of the treatment they were receiving (in 10% of studies). There were also too few people in the studies to be sure of the results, and we could not be sure that the results were the same in all of them. We were not able to combine the results from the trials in this review because of the small numbers of people in each study and the small sample sizes. We judged the quality of evidence to be very low.
We found three trials with a total of 516 adults with retinitis pigmentosa (RD) associated with PVR. One study was conducted in the USA and consisted of two trials: 151 adults were randomized to receive either silicone oil or sulfur hexafluoride (SF6) gas tamponades; and the other was from the UK and involved 271 adults. The third study was from Germany and involved 94 adults (age range not specified) and randomized them to receive heavy silicone oil (a mixture of perfluorohexyloctane (F6H8) and silicone oil) versus standard oil (1000 centistokes or 5000 centistoke, per the surgeon's preference). In the USA, the first two trials were funded by the US National Eye Institute (NIEI) and the third by the German Research Foundation (DIEI). All three trials were at low risk of bias. None of the trials used masking of participants and surgeons, and only the third trial masked outcome assessors. The first trial had a large proportion of participants excluded from the final analyses, while the other two were at a low rate of attrition bias. The use of either perfluropropane or standard silicone oil appears reasonable for most of the people with RD. There do not appear to be any major differences in outcomes between the two agents, but the choice of a tamponade agent should be individualized for each patient. There were no differences between silicone oil and perfluoropropane gas in terms of achieving at least 5/200 visual acuity at one year, or achieving macular attachment at a minimum of one year. For the third study, which had a power of 80% to detect differences, heavy oil was not shown to be better than standard oil. There was no difference in the number of adverse events for each group. Of the 94 participants, four died, 26 had a retinopathy of the eye, 22 had glaucoma, four had a cataract, and two had capsular fibrosis. Adverse events were not reported for the first trial, and for the third, only the total number of side effects was reported, and each group were not specified. The three trials did not report on adverse events. All three studies were well-conducted, and there was no evidence of bias in any of them.
We found five studies (involving 1819 women) in this review. There was a lower risk of death in the first trimester of pregnancy for women who had planned early delivery compared with those who did not. There were no clear differences between subgroups based on our subgroup analysis by gestational age, gestational week or condition. We did not pool data in meta-analysis, so we could not pool the results. Planned early birth was associated with a greater risk of high blood pressure (Hepatitis B) and low blood levels of blood in the urine (hypertension) in the second trimester, but there was no clear difference in the number of deaths in the third trimester or in the length of time the baby was in the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU). There was no difference between groups for caesarean section, length of hospital stay after delivery for the mother or the baby, or for the duration of time spent in hospital after birth for the baby. We were not able to draw any conclusions about the effects of planned early birth on the risk of the death of the baby or the need for intensive care. We found no clear evidence that planned birth was better or worse than planned birth for women with high blood pressures or high blood levels after 34 weeks of pregnancy. Planned birth was not more or less likely to cause the baby to be sick, or to need intensive care, and there was not enough data to be able to say whether or not it was better than planned delivery. We rated the evidence as being of high or low risk of bias, which means that we are not sure whether we are right or wrong about the findings. The evidence is up to date as of May 2017.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials that compared prophylactic clotting factor concentrates with on-demand treatment in adults with hemophilitis. We found six trials with 142 adults with a mean age of 65 years. Two of the trials compared three-times-a-week prophilactic treatment with a daily dose of clotting-factor concentrates. One of the studies showed a significant decrease in the number of joint bleeds with the use of this treatment compared to a placebo, with a rate difference of -10.73 bleeds per year. The other study showed a rate of -3.30 bleeds in a year with weekly (15 IU/kg) versus bi-weekly (7.5 IU per kg) prophlaxation. There was no difference between the two regimens in terms of the amount of blood in the joints. The third and fourth trials did not show an advantage of one of the regimens over the other, but did show a difference in the frequency of joint bleedings. There were no differences in the risk of adverse events, such as infection or clotting of the blood, in the groups of adults who had been on the clotting drug for at least a year. There is not enough evidence to show that propholipid clotting is better than on-dilution in children with existing joint damage. Well-designed randomised studies are needed to establish the best regimens and to assess the effectiveness of proplylactics in adults.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in May 2016. We found 13 RCTs with a total of 1824 participants. We were unable to pool data for any of the outcomes due to the differences between the treatments assessed in the studies. Eight trials aimed to induce remission; overall survival did not change. Five studies aimed to maintain remission. In two out of three studies, this was substantial but the difference was not significant. In the other three, the results were not clear. We did not find any evidence that any of these treatments were more or less effective than the other treatments. We included one new RCT in this update. We could not combine the results of the trials due to differences in the way in which they were done and the way they were run. We also did not have enough data to be able to draw any conclusions about the relative effectiveness of treatments to treat BL.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of women with RhD who were at high risk of developing RhD. We found two RCTs with a total of 447 women. The women were followed up for at least three weeks after the start of the RCT. In both of the studies the women received a 1500 IU (300 microgram) dose of Rhophylac during week 28 of gestation. There was no incidence of RhD alloimmunization in either of the trials, as the sample size was too small for us to be sure of this outcome. One study found that the mean anti-D IgG concentrations after IV and IM administration differed up to seven days (36.1 (2.6) IgG IV; 19.8 (8.7) ng/mL IM on day seven). However, from two to three weeks post-administration, the concentrations were similar for both routes of treatment. None of the women involved in the studies developed antibodies to the RhD antigen. It appears that IM and IV administration of anti-disease drugs are equally effective. There were too few women in the trials to be able to assess whether there were any differences in the number of women who developed RhD antibodies.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to May 2016. We found eight RCTs with a total of 21,379 patients with diabetes. The mean length of follow-up ranged from 365 days to 913 days. All of the trials were randomised trials with a high risk of bias. All trials were conducted in the USA. The trials compared ticlopidine, clopidogrel and dipyridamole with aspirin or with aspirin alone, or aspirin alone with aspirin. Five of the eight trials were in the US and one was in the UK. The other three were in Europe and one in Australia. All the studies were funded by the drug-makers. The results of the studies did not show a difference in the risk of death, heart attack, stroke or myocardial infarction between the two groups. There were no data available from any of the included trials on peripheral vascular disease, health-related quality of life, adverse events, or costs. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2015.
We found 10 trials with a total of 191 adults with cystic fibrotic lung disease. We found that non-invasive ventilation may help to clear the airway and reduce the amount of airway blockage in the lungs. We were unable to find any evidence that the use of NIV increased sputum expectoration, but we did find that it did help to improve lung function. We did not find evidence that NIV helped to reduce the need for breathing room air. We could not tell whether NIV was more or less effective than room air in reducing the number of people who had to breathe in and out of their lungs at night. Three of the trials used nasal masks, one used a nasal mask or mouthpiece and one trial used a face mask and in one trial it is not clear whether the face mask was used. The other three trials did not use a face or nose mask. One of the six-week trial was judged to have a low risk of bias due to the way in which it was done and the way it was carried out. We judged the other trials to be at a low chance of bias because of the way they were done and because they did not tell us how they were run. Most of the studies were small and had flaws in the way that they were carried out, so we were not able to be sure whether they were blinded to the treatments they were using. We also did not know whether the people in the trials were aware of which group they were in or not, so it was not possible to tell them which treatment they were receiving. We rated the quality of the evidence in this review as low to very low, which means that we are very uncertain about the results.
This is an update of a review published in 2002. We found three new studies, with 245 adults with stable COPD, which compared nocturnal-NIPPV with NIPPV at home for at least three months in healthy adults with COPD. We did not find any evidence of an effect on lung function or quality of life. We could not be sure whether there was any difference in the amount of time people spent in bed or in the way they slept. We were able to combine the results of the three new long-term (12 months or more) studies, which did not show any improvements in blood gas levels or lung function after 12 months of noctial-nIPPV.
We found four trials, with a total of 1190 women. We found that induction of labour did not seem to affect the risk of caesarean birth, or the number of babies born with a broken pelvis. There was no clear difference between groups for brachial plexus injury (two events were reported in the control group in one trial, low-quality evidence). There was also no strong evidence of any effect of induction on neonatal asphyxia; low five-minute infant Apgar scores (less than seven) or low arterial cord blood pH (low- or high-acid levels in the blood) in the induction group, but there was some evidence of increased perineal damage, and the possibility of increased use of phototherapy, both in the largest trial, should be kept in mind. Induction of labour does not appear to have an effect on the chance of birth fractures and shoulder dystocia. However, there was a greater risk of tears in the perineum (third- and fourth-degree) in women who had been in labour for at least 24 hours, and there was also more evidence of a higher risk of birth-fracture in the labour group. We judged the quality of the evidence to be of low or very low, mainly due to the lack of blinding and imprecision of the way in which the trials were carried out. We did not find any evidence of bias in any of the trials, but for other 'Risk of bias' domains these studies were assessed as being at low or unclear risk of bias.
We found 159 randomised trials with 95,286 adults aged 18 to 107 years. The mean age of women was 77 years. Most of the women were older than 70 years, and most were postmenopausal. The age of men ranged from 18 to 70 years. We did not find any differences in the effect of vitamin D on the risk of death or death from any cause. Vitamin D was administered for a weighted mean of 4.4 years. More than half of the trials had a low risk of bias, which means that they did not have a chance of being at high risk of being biased. Ninety-four trials had no deaths, and nine had deaths but did not report in which intervention group the deaths occurred. We found that people who received vitamin D were more than twice as likely to die compared with those who did not. We also found that more than 8% of people dropped out of the studies. We were able to combine the results of 56 randomised controlled trials (56 studies with a total of 94,491 adults) and found that vitamin D3 was associated with a greater risk of dying than other forms of the same type of vitamin. We could not tell whether vitamin D2 or calcitriol had an effect on death, but this could be due to the fact that we did not know which group the participants were in, and we were not able to tell which group they were in because of the way in which they were assigned to receive the vitamin D. When we combined the results, we found that we could not be sure whether the results were the same in all of the different forms of D3, but we did find that we were more likely to have a greater chance of death when we looked at the same form of D, and that we had less chance of dying if we looked only at the form we were most likely to be in. This means that we are able to be more sure of the results when we look at the numbers of deaths.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of drugs used for weight loss in adults with type 2 diabetes. We found 22 RCTs, with a total of 296 participants for fluoxetine, 2036 for orlistat, and 1047 for sibutramine. These drugs are commonly used to treat type 2 diabetics. We did not find any data on other drugs used to help with weight loss or weight gain in this group of adults. We also found no data for other drugs, such as phenmetrazine, bupropion, topiramine, benzocaine, threachlorocitric acid, sertraline, and bromocriptine.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing VGB with CBZ in adults with epilepsy. We found five RCTs with a total of 734 adults. We did not find any studies that compared VGB versus CBZ. We were not able to combine the results of the five studies because not all of them used the same methods as those used for this review. We assessed only one RCT as good quality and the other four as poor. There were no differences between VGB and CBZ on time to first seizure, weight gain, skin rash and drowsiness. There was no difference between the two groups in terms of time to treatment withdrawal and time to achieve six-month remission after dose stabilisation from randomisation, but results did show a disadvantage for VGB on first seizure after randomisation. Compared to CBZ, VGB was found to be associated with more occurrence of weight gain and less occurrence of skin rashes and drowiness. No differences in visual field defects and visual disturbances were noted. We do not know whether VGB is better or worse than CBZ for people with epilepsy, but we do know that VGB should not be used as a first-line treatment for this type of epilepsy. There is a need for more research to assess the risks and harms of VGB for epilepsy.
We found four trials with 600 adults with multiple myeloma or non-Hodgkin's lymphoma who had received G-CSF plus plerixafor compared with a placebo group. Two of these trials did not have a sufficient number of patients to be able to be analysed. The other two trials had a high risk of bias due to the way in which they were done. The results of the meta-analysis showed no evidence for a difference between the groups in terms of death at 12 months (600 adults) and adverse events (593 adults) during stem cell mobilisation and collection. There was also no difference in the amount of time it took for the stem cell to be transplanted in the transplants group compared with the control group. We did not find any differences in the number of people who had to have a stem cell transfusion in the transplant group compared to those who did not receive any treatment. We also found no differences between the two groups in the time to neutrophil and platelet engraftment in transplants. None of the trials looked at quality of life and progression-free survival. We found no evidence to show whether the use of the drug was better or worse than the placebo group for the treatment of people with non-hodgkins lymphoma. There were also no trials that looked at how long it took the stem cells to be taken from the donor to the donor. Two more RCTs, which looked at the effect of the treatment in people with a different type of lymphoma, ended early and did not look at any of the outcomes. One of these RCT with 100 adults was recently completed, but has not yet been published. Due to the quality of evidence, it is possible that our review is affected by publication bias, even though it is not clear whether there was any bias.
We found 23 trials with a total of 1806 women, of whom 717 received cones. All of the trials were small, and in many the quality was hard to judge. There was not enough evidence to show that cones plus PFMT was better than cones alone or PFMT alone. Cones were better than no active treatment, but there was no difference between cones and PFMT, or cones and electrostimulation, but the results were too uncertain to be sure. Some trials had high drop-out rates with both cone and comparison treatments. We did not find evidence that cones were any more or less effective than PFMT or electrostimulant, but we did find some evidence that they may be of similar effect to PFMT and to electrostimuators. We could not be sure whether cones were as good as PFMT for relieving incontinence, and we could not tell if they were any better or worse. Only seven of the studies looked at women's quality of life, and no study looked at the effect of cones on the cost of treatment.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to May 2016. We found 11 RCTs with 2246 AF patients (ranging from 14 to 712 by study) with a mean age of 65 years. The trials were randomised trials with a total of 2246 patients. The results showed that there was no clear difference in anticoagulant levels in AF patients receiving OAT compared with those who did not receive OAT. We did not find any clear differences in the effect of self-monitoring, self-assessments, or the use of decision aids on TTR in AF. We also found that there were no differences between those who received OAT and those who were not. We concluded that there is not enough evidence to draw any conclusions about the impact of OAT in AF in this group of patients.
Seventy-eight trials (11,487 women) were included in this review. Two of these new trials compared PGE2 tablets, gels and pessaries (gels versus tablets, or sustained release pessars) and one trial compared PGF2a with a placebo. Overall, vaginal prostaglandin E2 compared with placebo or no treatment probably reduces the chance of vaginal birth in 24 hours, the risk of uterine heart rate changes is increased (4.8% versus 1.0%, risk ratio (RR) 3.16 to 5.98, 15 trials, 1359 women). The caesarean section rate is probably reduced by about 10% (13.5% versus 14.8%, 36 trials, 6599 women). Prostaglandins probably do not affect or may have an adverse effect on the number of women who have a vaginal birth. They do not seem to affect or have an effect on women's ability to have a healthy birth, but they do increase the chances of a change in the woman's cervix (cervical change) and may have no effect on her chances of having a normal birth. The overall effect of these drugs on birth outcomes (across a range of measures) is uncertain. PGE pills, tablets and gels appear to be as good as each other, but there may be some differences between them, but these may be due to chance.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing cot-nursing with a heated water-filled mattress versus incubator care. We found five RCTs, with a total of 247 infants. When compared to the use of an incubator, there was no difference between the two groups in terms of body temperature, weight gain or death. There were no differences in length of stay in the incubator or in the rate of episodes of hypothermia, but there were more deaths in the cot group and fewer infants died on their way out of the hospital. There was no effect on weight gain. The use of a heated bed was found to be similar to that of a bed in which the bed was placed on a heated mattress. We did not find any evidence that this method was better than incubator-based care, but we did find that there were fewer deaths and fewer babies who were breast fed on the way home from hospital. We also found that there was little or no difference in the amount of weight gain between the infants in the bed group and the group in which they were placed on the heated bed. We do not know if this was due to the fact that the infants were in a space-heated room, or whether this was because they were in the same room as the bed they were put on. We are not able to draw any conclusions about the benefits and harms of this method of care.
We searched for evidence in May 2016 and found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 146 participants. The evidence is up to date as of May 2017. Two of the three RCTs were assessed as being at high risk of bias. The main findings of the review were that the use of the open or closed technique may be as good as the open technique for the removal of teeth from the maxillae of the palate. We were not able to pool data for dental aesthetics, patient-reported pain and discomfort, periodontal health and treatment time; however, we did not find any differences in any of the results. One of the trials had a failure due to detachment of the gold chain (closed group) and found two in the closed group: a post-surgery infection and pain during alignment of the canine as the gold ring penetrated through the gum tissue of the mouth. We found no differences in the number of teeth that were lost or damaged between the open and the closed groups. We considered the evidence to be low- to very low-quality. This means that we are very uncertain about the results of this review. There is a need for more high-quality studies.
We found three studies with 244 women. The prostaglandins used were PG E2 (sulprostone) in 50 women and PG E1 (misoprostol) in 194 women at a dose of 250 mcg and 800 mcg respectively. The trials were at high risk of bias due to the way they were carried out. We did not find any data for deaths or the need to add another drug to the uterotonic. Prostaglandin use resulted in less need for manual removal of placenta, severe postpartum haemorrhage, need for blood transfusion, mean blood loss, and the mean time from birth to placentation. Side-effects were no different between groups (vomiting, headache, pain and nausea between injection and discharge from the labour ward), with the exception of shivering, which was more frequent in the women who received prostaglanin. There was no difference in the amount of blood loss or the time it took for the baby to be removed from the womb, or in side-effects, except for'shivering' (shivering). The included studies were of poor quality and there is little confidence in the effect estimates; the true effect is likely to be much greater. We can not make any recommendations about changes to clinical practice. More high-quality research in this area is needed.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in March 2016. We found six RCTs with 355 infants. All studies were done in the 1970s. We compared the use of CDP with CPAP, nasal CPAP or CNP. We did not find any new trials. We also found that CDP reduced the risk of death or use of assisted ventilator in infants with a birth weight above 1500 g. However, we found no effect on the number of deaths or the need for a ventilators' assistance. We were not able to determine whether CDP was better or worse than CPAP in preterm or sicker infants. The use of CPAP was not shown to be more or less effective than nasal or ventilating CPAP. In preterm and sicker babies, CDP as CPAP (or CNP) or CPAP combined with CNP (or CPAP alone) was found to be better than CNP alone in terms of the rate of death, use of ventilations and the amount of time babies spent in the airway. There was no difference between the use and use of nasal and ventilation CPAP for sicker and less ill infants. We could not tell if CDP had an effect on lung function or on the amount or amount of oxygen babies had to take in their airways. The results of this review are current to May 2016.
We found six studies (157 participants) in this review. We found that foam dressings do not help to heal foot ulcers compared with other types of wound dressing. There was no difference in the amount of time it took for the wound to heal when foam dressing was compared with hydrocolloid (matrix) dressing, and there was no evidence to suggest that alginate dressing helped to heal the wound. We did not find any differences in the number of people who had a foot ulcer that healed when foam wound dressings were used. We also found no differences between the types of dressing used in this area. All of the studies were small and/or had short follow-up times.
We searched for trials up to May 2016. We found three trials with a total of 111 patients. Two trials compared endoscopy with surgery. One of the trials, with 32 patients, showed that surgery was better than endoscopies in terms of pain and survival. The other trial, with 56 patients, compared surgery with conservative treatment: 17 in the surgical group and 15 in the conservative group. The trial had some limitations in the way it was carried out, and the number of patients assessed in the study was too few to be sure of the results. The results of this review show that surgery is better at relieving pain in the early stages of chronic pancreatitis and in the long term. There were no differences between the two types of surgery, but there were too few patients to be able to tell if there were any differences between them. The trials did not show that there was any difference in the risk of death between the groups, but we do not know if this was due to the fact that there were only a few patients in each group.
We searched for trials up to May 2016. We found only one randomised controlled trial that was at a high risk of bias. This study included 857 adults who had minor skin excision surgery. The wounds were sutured after the excision. The results showed that there was no difference between the groups in the number of patients who developed surgical site infection (SSI). There was no evidence that early or delayed post-surgery showering or bathing was better or worse than the other way around in terms of reducing the risk of adverse events. We do not know whether or not this was due to the way in which the study was run or the way it was run.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing prednisolone with no treatment in 35 adults with MS. We did not find any RCTs that compared prednisone with other drugs. We found one RCT with 40 adults who had MS. This RCT did not have a high risk of bias, but did not measure the main outcome for this review. The trial did not report side effects in detail, but one participant died. There was little or no difference between the groups in the number of people who were able to go back to work after one year, or in the extent to which they were affected by the disease. The quality of the RCT was very low, so we are very uncertain about the effects of the use of high-dose oral dexamethasone compared with low-dose. Side effects were the same in both groups, except that sleeplessness was less common with the higher dose of high dose. We also found that moon facies (moon-shaped appearance of the face) was less frequent with the high dose, but we do not know if this was due to the fact that we did not know which group the other group was in. We need more research to find out if high dose oral prednasolone is better than low dose.
We searched for studies up to May 2016. We found six studies with a total of 2100 adults with asthma. We did not find any evidence that remote check-ups were more or less safe than face-to-face check-up. We could not say whether more or fewer people who had a remote checked-up had an asthma flare-up than those who were seen in person, but we could not tell whether there was a difference in the number of people who needed to be seen by a doctor or nurse. We were not able to tell whether or not there was any difference between the groups in terms of the severity of the flare-ups. We also did not know whether there were any differences in the risk of serious side-effects. One of the studies compared the use of a phone call to a doctor compared with a face- to-face test compared with an oral test. The results of this study showed that people who received the phone call were less likely to have an exacerbation over three months compared to those who did not receive the call. We do not know if this was due to the fact that some of the participants dropped out of the study and others did not take part in the study. There was not enough evidence to say whether remote checkups were safer than being seen in a doctor's or nurse's office, or whether they were more safe. The studies could not be blinded and dropout was high in four of the six studies, which may have biased the results.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of people with JIA. We found three RCTs, with a total of 212 participants. All the trials were of low to very low risk of bias. The results of the trials showed that there was no difference in the number of patients who were able to walk, run, swim, cycle, run or lift weights. None of the studies showed that any of the outcomes were affected by the use of the exercises. The quality of the evidence was very low. There was no evidence to show that there were any adverse effects of the exercise treatment. There were no studies that looked at the long-term effect of the treatment. However, there is a need for more research in this area.
We found 19 trials with 2663 participants (11 with outpatients, seven with inpatients and one with ICU (inpatients in the intensive care unit). We found that the use of antibiotics reduced the risk of treatment failure between seven days and one month after the start of treatment. We did not find any difference in the number of deaths or in the length of time spent in the ICU. We also found that there was no effect of antibiotics on re-exacerbations. We found no evidence that antibiotics had an effect on the risk for death or on other adverse events, and we did not see any difference between the two groups in terms of side effects or length of hospital stay. We concluded that there is a need for more high-quality, well-designed, and well-conducted research in this area. This review is up-to-date as of May 2016.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1414 adults (age range 24 to 70; mean age 45 to 59, where reported) who were followed up for at least six months. We found no studies that looked at the effect of whole grain diets on the risk of death or death from any of the main types of CVD. We did not find any evidence that whole grain was better than lower whole grain, or that it was worse than other types of foods. All studies were at high risk of bias due to the way they were carried out and the way in which they were designed. There was also a lack of data on cardiovascular events such as heart attacks and strokes. There is a need for well-designed RCTs with longer durations to assess cardiovascular events as well as other risk factors such as blood lipids and blood pressure.
We searched for studies up to May 2016. We found 28 studies with a total of 1896 participants. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2017. Thirty-eight of the trials were of high risk of bias, which means that they may have been influenced by the way they were done. Eight studies were judged to be at high risks of bias due to the way in which they were carried out, and over half the of the studies were at high rates of bias. Three studies (106 participants in total) compared the use of an air-stirrup versus an orthosis or a walking cast. One study (12 participants) found 12 weeks of hypnosis did not reduce activity or other outcomes. The use of a removable type of immobilisation combined with exercise was compared with cast immobilisation alone. There was little or no difference in the number of people who had pain at the end of the immobilisation period compared with the non-fractured side. There were no differences between the groups in terms of length of time spent in bed, or in the amount of time they had to spend in bed or in a bed. Five studies (60 participants) showed that neurostimulation, an electrotherapy modality, may be beneficial in the short-term. One small study (14 participants) at a high-risk of bias found reduced ankle swelling after non-thermal treatment compared with thermal pulsed shortwave diathermy. There is no evidence of effect for stretching or exercises in addition to exercise, or for exercise compared with usual care. One of the small studies (14 patients) found that some types of electrotherapies (e.g. a backslab) may be better than a bandage in the long-term, but there was no clear evidence on what type of support or immobilisation was the best. One large, well-conducted study (60 people) found no improvement in the range of movement of the ankle in one group compared with a cast, but the other group showed some improvement in range of motion compared with those in the group in which the group was not in a cast. The results from one small, low-risk-of-disease trial (60 patients) show that some forms of neurostimulant may be good for people with orthopaedic injuries. The quality of evidence was low or very low.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and non-randomised trials (trials where people are randomly put into one of one of two or more treatment groups) that looked at the use of home-based carers' medication diaries for children with HIV/AIDS. We found four RCTs. Two were in low-income countries, and the other was in the USA. An RCT of a home-by-home nursing programme showed a positive effect of the intervention on knowledge and medication refills (p=.002), but no effect on CD4 count and viral load. A second RCT showed that the intervention group had fewer missed doses (85% vs. 92%) than the control group, but this was not significant. The intervention group did not show an effect on viral load or CD4 levels. A non-RCT of peer support group therapy for adolescents showed no change in self-reported adherence, yet the percentage of children with suppressed viral load increased from 30% to 80% (p =.06). The second non-blinded RCT found that the number of children achieving >80% adherence was no different between children on a lopinavir-ritonavir (LPV/r) regimen and those on a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase (NNRTI) regimen compared to those on NNRTIs. However, the proportion of children who achieved virological suppression was greater for those on the LVP/r regimens than for those who were on the NRTI regimens. Medication diaries do not appear to have an adverse effect on use of the regimens, but do not seem to have a significant effect on adherence or disease outcomes. A home-briefing programme has the potential to help children to take their antiepileptic drugs, but more evidence is needed.
This is a Cochrane review of five studies with a total of696 adults who had minor day surgery, third molar extraction, laparoscopy, and episiotomy. They received fenoprofen 200 mg or placebo for at least four to six hours after surgery. There was no difference in the number of people who had pain over 4 to 6 hours with a dose of 200 mg compared to the same dose of placebo. There were too few data to analyse other doses or active comparators, time to use of rescue medication, or numbers of patients who needed to be put back on their painkillers. No serious adverse events or side effects were reported in these studies.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing PFMT with no PFMT in women with prolapse. We found six RCTs with a total of 857 women. Four trials were small (less than 25 women per arm) and two were at high risk of bias. Four of the trials compared PFMT as a treatment for prolapse against a control group (n = 857) and the other two were small and did not measure prolapse-specific outcomes. Two of the four trials were conducted in the USA, one in the UK, and one in Australia. One of the studies was funded by the UK Health and Well-Being Research Council. The other was sponsored by the US National Institute of Health (NIH). We found that PFMT improved the risk of prolapse by 17% in women who had prolapse compared to women who did not have PFMT compared to those who had PFMT. We also found that women who received PFMT were more likely to be able to move their pelvic floor more than those who were not in the PFMT group. We did not find any differences between the groups in terms of pelvic floor muscle strength, but we did find that women with PFMT had stronger pelvic floor muscles. We could not be sure whether this was due to the way in which the trials were run or not. We were not able to tell whether PFMT was more or less effective than PFMT alone, and we could not tell if PFMT did not improve women's symptoms. We do not know how many of the women in each group were aware of which group they were in, or whether they knew which group the other group was in. We are not sure if this was because we did not know which group was which, or if any of the people in the groups knew who was in which group. There was also a lack of blinding in the trials in this area. We judged the quality of the evidence to be moderate to high, which means that we cannot be sure of the results. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016.
Fourteen trials (1,724 participants or ears) compared quinolone with no drug or no antiseptic (antibiotics) for the treatment of CSOM in adults aged 18 years or over. Most of the participants were male, and most of them were women. Most were from the USA, with a mean age of 65 years, and the average age of the patients was 65 years. Some of the studies were small, and some were of poor quality. The results of the trials were mixed, and there was a lack of consistency in the way they were done, so it is not clear whether the results are the same across all trials. Topical quinsic acid was better than no drug at clearing CSOM at one week, but not at two weeks, and not at three weeks or at four weeks. No difference was found in the amount of time it took for CSOM to clear at one or three weeks, or in the number of days it took to heal. The quality of the data was poor, and it was not clear how the results were calculated, so we were not able to draw conclusions about the effect of quinsics on CSOM. There was no clear difference in the effectiveness of non-quinolone antibiotics compared to no drugs or antiseptics, and we were unable to draw any conclusions about adverse events. We did not find any differences in the use of other types of antibiotics, such as antihistamines, in terms of adverse events, but we could not be sure whether these were more or less safe.
We found 21 studies with a total of 6253 people with a range of ages from 1974 to 2011. Most of the studies were from the 1970's, 1980's or 1990's and many had high risk of bias due to the way they were done. We found that FRS can be used in triage to assess whether or not a person is at risk of schizophrenia. In 20 of the 21 studies, FRS was used to assess if a person was at high risk or low risk of the condition. In the other studies, it was used as a test to test for other types of psychosis. In these studies, the FRS test was used in the same way as the other tests. The results of this review show that the use of FRS to diagnose people with schizophrenia will lead to around five to 19 out of 100 people in every 100 who have FRS being found to be at high-risk of the disorder. Some of these people may have to wait longer to be seen by a mental health specialist. Others, whom specialists will not consider to have schizophrenia, could be discharged from care, if triage relies on the presence of the test. Empathetic, considerate use of a FRS as a diagnostic aid - with known limitations - should avoid a good proportion of these errors. We hope that newer tests - to be included in future Cochrane reviews - will show better results.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in September 2016. We found 10 RCTs, of which 5 were new to this update; all were in children with atopic eczema. There were 2003 participants in the 9 studies and 44 in the 1 study. We did not find any new studies. The largest and most robust study (n = 992) showed a reduction in the severity of eczematitis in both the nurse- and dermatologist-led group and in the group led by a nurse. It provided six standardised, age-appropriate group education sessions. The other five studies (992) measured the effect of the intervention on children's quality of life, and we did not identify any studies that looked at the impact of the interventions on sleep. The results were similar in all of the studies. In three of five studies, which could not be combined because of their heterogeneity, the objective SCORAD measure was better in the intervention group compared with the usual care group. In the other three studies, we could not combine the results because of differences in the way they were done, and in one of these, the results were the same in both groups. We also found that children aged 3 months to 7 years were better than those aged 8 to 12 years on all five scales of the quality-of-life questionnaires used in the study. Children aged 13 to 18 years were also better than their peers on three of the five scales. There was no difference between the groups in the other than in the age group. We were not able to compare the results of the different types of interventions in the different age groups because of the way the studies were done. We judged four of the 10 studies to be at high risk of bias due to the way in which they were carried out and the way that they were designed. We do not know if any of the trials were well designed or had flaws in their methods. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found 14 trials with a total of753 adults with LRTI. There was some evidence that HBOT was more than twice as likely to reduce the risk of osteoradionecrosis (a condition in which the surface of the body's surface is damaged) and to improve the amount of blood in the wound (mucosa) and reduce the chance of wound breakdown (wound breakage). There was no evidence of any effect on the quality of life. There were no trials that looked at the use of HBOT to treat other types of LRTIs (e.g. radiation proctitis) or to treat the effects of radiation in the mouth (disease of the mouth). There were also no trials looking at the effect on other parts of the brain (such as the brain stem, brain and spinal cord). These trials did not look at the effects on the length of time it took for the wound to heal, or how long it took to heal the wound. We did not find any data on adverse events. We concluded that for the most part, HBOT appears to be safe and well-taken, and that it is safe to use HBOT in the short term. We do not know whether HBOT is safe or not, and we are not sure if HBOT should be used in the long term.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the use of blunt or sharp needles with each other during surgery. We found 10 RCTs with 2961 surgeons who had performed an operation in which the use was compared to use of sharp needles. Four studies focused on the closure of the abdomen, two on caesarean section, one on vaginal surgery, and two on hip surgery. The use of the blunt needles reduced the risk of glove perforations with a relative risk (RR) of 0.46 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.38 to 0.54) compared to sharp needles in three of the 10 studies. On the other hand, a surgeon that used sharp needles sustained one perforation in three operations. In four of the studies, the number of needle stick injuries was less than one in 10. In five out of six studies, their use was rated as more difficult but still acceptable in five of the six studies. The quality of the evidence was high.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared trifluoperazine with low-potency antipsychotics. We found seven RCTs with a total of 422 participants. The size of the studies ranged from 20 to 157 participants with a study length of between four and 52 weeks. Trifluopazine was not better or worse than other drugs in terms of response to treatment (trifluperazine 26% (low-potent drug 27% (moderate) and high-potence drug (high-potant drug 27%)). There was also no difference in acceptability of treatment with equivocal number of people leaving the studies early due to any reason (trials 239, 239, RR 1.25, CI 0.72 to 2.17,low quality evidence). There were no differences in numbers with at least one adverse effect (trialutinine 60%, low-opioid drugs 38%, 1 RCT, n = 60, RR 0.94, CI 1.60, CI 2.74, moderate) or in the frequency of side-effects (trouble with sleep, dizziness, disorientation, incoordination, and rigor). No data were available for other outcomes of interest death, sedation and quality of life. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to very low, so more, newer studies would be needed.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of preterm infants who were fed in response to feeding cues. We found nine RCTs with a total of 593 preterm babies. The trials were generally small and had a number of flaws in the way they were done. The evidence is up to date as of May 2016. The results of this review are up-to-date as of March 2016. We did not find any evidence to show that feeding infants in the first few days of life in the transition phase from an intagastric tube to an oral tube reduced the length of time they spent in the intensive care unit (ICU) or increased the risk of needing to be put back in the ICU. We also did not see any differences in the rate of weight gain, or in the time it took for them to transition from the tube to the oral tube. However, we did find some evidence that feeding babies in their first few weeks of life reduced the time they had to spend in the NICU, and that they were able to eat their first meal of the day. We could not be sure whether this was due to the way the trials were done or whether it was because of the way in which they were run. None of the trials looked at the views of the parents, carers, or staff. Overall, the data do not provide strong or consistent evidence that the use of feeding cues in preterm preterm children or their families affects important outcomes for preterm infant or their parents. Some (low) evidence exists that preterm newborns who are fed in a way that responds to feeding and satiation cues are able to take their first mouthful of food earlier than those who are not fed in the same way. This finding should be taken with a grain of salt. A large RCT would be needed to confirm this finding and to find out if this is the case.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) on the use of folic acid, 5-methyltetrahydrofolate (5-MTHF) and multivitamins in adults with peripheral arterial arterial disease. We found two RCTs with a total of 161 participants. One RCT with 133 participants showed that there was a significant improvement in ankle brachial index (ABI) in participants who received folic acids compared with those who did not receive them. There was no difference in ABI in those who received multivitamin B. The other RCT, with 18 participants, did not show a difference (P non-significant) in the ABI of those who took a multivinogen B supplement (mean ± SEM: 0.7 ± 01) compared with placebo (mean = 0.8 ± 0.1). No major events were reported. The RCT did not report on mortality and rate of limb loss. We did not find any evidence to support or refute the benefits or harms of these treatments. We are unable to draw any conclusions about the benefits and harms of this treatment. Further well-conducted trials are needed.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in May 2016. We found two RCTs, with 503 dental practices, with 821 dentists and 4771 patients. One RCT used a factorial design to investigate the impact of fee-for-service and an educational intervention on the placement of fissure sealants in permanent molar teeth. The authors found that there was a significant increase in the number of children who had their teeth filled with sealants when they received a fee for their teeth. However, the study was carried out in the four most deprived areas of Scotland, so the applicability of the findings to other settings may be limited. The other RCT compared capitation payments with fee- for-service payments over a three-year period. The study did not report data on measures of health service use or patient outcomes. The results showed that dentists who received capitation were more likely to see their patients less often and tended to carry out fewer fillings and extractions, but also tended to give more preventive advice. There was no difference between the groups in terms of the amount of time children spent in the dentists’ care and the amount they spent on their health care. We judged the risk of bias to be high for both studies and the quality of the evidence was low/very low for all outcomes, as assessed using the GRADE approach.
We found 21 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with over 17,000 women and their babies. One trial did not contribute data. The evidence is up to date as of May 2016. We found that there was a 14% risk of preterm birth for women who took zinc during their first trimester compared with those who did not. There was no difference between the groups for any of the other outcomes, except for induction of labour in a single trial. No differences were seen in the subgroups of women with low versus normal levels of zinc and nutrition levels or in the groups of women who complied with their treatment. The quality of the evidence was moderate for preterm births, small-for-gestational age and low birthweight, and low for stillbirth or neonatal death and birthweight.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing the use of probiotics as an adjuvant to antifungal drugs. We found 10 RCTs (1656 participants) in which probiotics were used to treat people with mild to moderate to severe infections. Probiotics increased the rate of short-term and mycological cure and decreased the relapse rate at one month but this did not translate into a higher frequency of long-term cure. We did not find any studies that looked at the number of people who had to be re-examined at the end of the course of treatment or how long it took for them to recover from the infection. We also found no studies that assessed the effect of taking probiotics on the risk of serious or non-serious adverse events. There is a need for well-designed trials with longer follow-up and larger sample size.
We searched for evidence up to May 2016. We found seven trials (involving 696 women) that compared the use of progestogens compared to placebo or no treatment in women who were at high risk of having a preterm birth. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2015. The results of this Cochrane Review suggest that progestogen use may reduce the risk of miscarriage but may have little or no effect on the rate of preterm births. We are not able to draw any conclusions on the occurrence of birth defects in the babies of women who received progestogenic treatment. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to moderate. We assessed the body of evidence for the main outcomes using the GRADE tool and we found that the evidence was of low to very low risk of bias in six of the trials and a small number of events and wide confidence intervals for some outcomes.
We found five trials with a total of 4786 eyes (9503 eyes) that compared laser photocoagulation with no laser treatment. Three of the trials were in the USA, one in the UK and one in Japan. All five of these were at risk of bias due to the way they were carried out. Three studies compared laser treatment to no treatment and the other two compared laser treatments to the use of a placebo (a fake treatment). All of the studies were of low or very low quality. There was little or no difference between eyes that were treated with laser and those that were not, in terms of loss of 15 or more letters of visual acuity at 12 months, but there was a 50% reduction in the risk of worsening of diabetic retinopathy at five years with laser. We did not find any differences in the number of eyes that had vitreous haemorrhage (vitreous loss of blood in the eye) or in quality of life, pain, loss of driving licence or side effects such as retinitis pigmentosa. We judged the quality of the evidence to be moderate or low, depending on the outcome. This is because of the small number of trials and the fact that many of them were done many years ago, after which lasers have become the mainstay of treatment of people with proliferative and non-proliferative retinopathies.
We searched for trials up to May 2016. We found two trials with 269 adults (aged 65 years or over) who had been in hospital for at least one day after surgery for upper-end abdominal surgery. The trials were conducted in China and Italy (one was a multicentre trial). Both trials were at high risk of bias. We judged both trials to be at high risks of bias due to the way they were done. The evidence is up to date as of May 2015. We did not find any evidence that CPAP or bilevel NPPV reduced the need for tracheal intubation or the length of time spent in the intensive care unit (ICU). There was very low quality evidence that the intervention may also reduce ICU length of stay (mean difference (MD) -1.84 days; 95% CI -3.53 to -0.15). We found no differences in the risk of death (low) or in the number of days in the ICU (very low). We were not able to assess the effect of CPAP on anastomotic leakage, pneumonia-related complications, and sepsis or infections. Findings from one trial of 60 adults (67 years of age) showed that bileval nitrous nitric acid (NPPV) may improve blood gas levels and blood pH one hour after the intervention. There was no difference in the rate of death or length of hospital stay (low). We could not be sure whether CPAP had an adverse effect on the use of a ventilator (low or very low) or on the amount of oxygen used (low to very low). The results of this review were based on the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) method. We rated the quality of the evidence as very low or low.
We found four trials with 388 women that were judged to be at an unclear to high risk of bias. Three of the trials compared diazepam with ketamine or vinydan-ether, and one compared spinal analgesia to pudendal nerve block (in both groups lignocaine was administered). With regard to the use of analgesia for forceps delivery, women in one trial were more than twice as likely to report pain relief when they were compared with women in the other group (101 women). In the other trial, there was no difference in the number of women who rated their pain relief as good or bad when they received ketamine (26 women) or vini-ether (11 women). However, in the trial that used spinal painkillers, women were more likely to be able to cope with their pain, and were less likely to have severe pain during forceps birth (183 women). There was no evidence to show that any of the analgesic agents used were more or less effective than ketamine, or that there was any difference between them in terms of side effects or adverse events in the mothers or their babies. There was not enough evidence to say which analgesic agent was the most effective in the delivery of forceps. There were no studies that looked at the effects of other analgesic drugs, such as caesarean birth, and there was not much information on the effects on the babies.
We found 15 studies with a total of 1048 adults with mild to mild-to-mild asthma. Most of the trials were in India, but some were in Europe and the US. The majority of the participants were adults of both sexes with asthma for six months to more than 23 years. Five of the 1048 people in the studies were women, and the rest were men. We found that people who did yoga for at least six months were more likely to be able to breathe more easily and to take their inhalers less often. We also found that they were less likely to need to use their inhaler more often. There was some evidence that there was some improvement in quality of life, but we were not able to tell whether this was due to the fact that we did not have enough data to be sure of this. We did not find any evidence that yoga was more or less harmful than other forms of exercise. We were unable to draw any conclusions about the effect of yoga on lung function or the use of inhalers. We could not be sure whether there was any difference in the number of people who had asthma flare-ups or how often they took their medicines. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. The risk of bias was low across all domains in one study and unclear or high in at least one domain for the rest of the studies. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to May 2016. We found 10 RCTs with a total of 249 people with IBM. Seven of the 10 trials assessed single agents, and 3 assessed combined agents. We were able to combine data from three trials (78 participants) to compare the effects of IVIg, oxandrolone, azathioprine (AZA), MTX, and arimoclomol (an anti-T lymphocyte immunoglobulin (ATG) combined with MTX versus MTX), but we were not able to do a meta-analysis because of differences in the way the trials were done, and we did not have access to the data for re-analysis. We assessed six of the nine trials as having very low- or low-risk of bias, and the other three as having low risk of bias. We did not find evidence that any of the drugs used in the trials had an effect on the progression of the disease. One of the trials of methotrexate (MTX) (44 participants) was found to have no effect, but we found that MTX did not arrest or slow the rate of disease progression. We could not tell whether or not MTX was better than placebo in terms of muscle strength at six months or 12 months. Data from two trials of interferon beta-1a and MTX (58 participants) showed that there was no difference in the amount of time it took for the person with IBM to recover from the disease to get back to the same level of strength after six months, and 12 months after the end of the trial. We also found no evidence of an effect of MTX on muscle strength after 12 months, but this was based on data from an open trial of ATG plus MTX compared to MTX alone (very low-or low-quality evidence). We were unable to draw any conclusions from the other trials. We need more randomised trials that are larger, of longer duration, and that use well-validated, standardised, and responsive outcome measures. Studies of simvastatin and bimagrumab (BYM338) are ongoing. None of the studies included in this review looked at the effect of these drugs on adverse events.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing linezolol with vancomycin in adults with SSTIs caused by MRSA. We found nine RCTs (3144 adults) with a mean age of 18 years or over. The evidence is up to date as of May 2016. The results of the review show that the use of linezolic is more effective than vancomysol for the treatment of SSTI-related infections in adults. There was no difference in all-cause death between linezoli and vancomiesol, but there were fewer cases of red man syndrome, pruritus, and rash in the linezole group. There were more cases of thrombocytopenia (blood clots in the veins) and nausea (nausea) in the vancomiecin group. The length of time spent in hospital was three days longer with linezolinol than with the other drugs. The cost of treatment was less with oral linezoid than with intravenous vancomylinol. We did not find any differences between the two drugs in terms of the number of people who died, the length of stay in hospital, or the amount of money spent in the hospital. The quality of the evidence is low, as it is based on studies that were supported by the drug company that makes linezolate. Further well-designed studies are needed to confirm the findings.
We found eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 512 adults with a total of 512 participants. The results of these RCTs were of low to very low risk of bias due to differences in the way in which they were done, the way they were performed, and the type of surgery performed. Overall, we found that there was no difference between the two types of surgery in terms of the number of deaths, the length of time spent in the operating room, the amount of blood loss, or the need for transfusion of red blood cell transfusion. However, we did find that some of the peri-surgic outcomes were improved in the PPW group. We found that the procedure did not increase the risk of death or increase the chance of death, and that there were no differences in morbidity or the time it took for the gastric emptying to be done. We concluded that the quality of evidence was low.
We found six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1862 participants. Five of the six RCTs were randomised, and the other three were non-randomised. The results showed that the use of nimodipine in a subgroup of brain injury patients with subarachnoid haemorrhage shows a beneficial effect, though the increase in side effects suffered by the treatment group may mean that the drug is harmful for some patients.
We found four trials with a total of 3090 participants. Three trials were considered to have a relatively low risk of bias, and one trial was considered to be at a high risk. When survival to hospital discharge was compared, 38 out of 320 (11.88%) participants survived to discharge in the initial CPR plus delayed defibrillation group compared with 39 out of 338 (10.54%) in the immediate defibrillation group. When we looked at the outcomes at hospital discharge, we could not rule out the superiority of either treatment. We have not been able to conclude whether one or the other treatment was better than the other. Adverse effects were not found with any of the treatments. Owing to the low quality of evidence, we have been unable to determine conclusively whether one and one-half to three-and-a-half-to-three-minute of CPR as a first-line of care before defibrilator use has the same effects on rates of return of blood flow to the heart, death to the brain, or the risk of a brain injury. We are unable to say whether one of the methods is more or less safe, or whether there is a greater risk of adverse events with one method over the other, and we are not able to say which method is the best. We suggest that this is an area that needs more research.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of gonadotrophins in IVF. We found fifteen RCTs with a total of 10 trials. Three trials were eligible for inclusion. Ten of the trials were randomised trials with eight comparison groups. Only one trial measured live birth rates. The number of oocytes retrieved were less in the conventional GnRHa long protocol group compared to the stop protocol and GnRH antagonist group. Cancellation rates were higher in the flare up group than in the GnRH agonist group. None of the studies showed a difference in the miscarriage and ectopic pregnancy rates. There was no difference between the two groups in terms of the number of women who had a miscarriage or ectopic birth rate. There is not enough evidence to support the routine use of any of these treatments.
This is an update of a Cochrane Schizophrenia review that was first published in 2007. We found 53 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 53 people with schizophrenia who were randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups. We searched for trials up to May 2010 and found 21 more RCTs. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of the use of family or other forms of support on the number of relapsing and/or hospitalisation. We also found no evidence that any of the studies were of high risk of bias. The quality of the trials was poor, and some of them were of poor design, which may have led to overestimation of the effects of the interventions. We do not think that the quality of these trials was high, but we do think that they were of low or very low quality. This means that we are not able to be sure that they are of high or low quality, and that we do not know how they were done.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to May 2016. We found three RCTs with 263 participants. These trials were carried out in Germany and Austria and used drug-eluting balloons that contained paclitaxel as the agent in the drug-enrichment balloons. Two of the three trials were industry-sponsored. All three trials examined the treatment of symptomatic in-stent restenosis within the femoropopliteal arteries. The trials examined both anatomical and clinical endpoints. The quality of the evidence was very low due to the small size of the trials and the high risk of bias in the way they were designed. We also found that there was no clear difference in the risk of death between the two types of balloons compared with uncoated balloon angioplasty. We did not find any differences in the number of times the balloons were used for the use of a stent, the type of balloon, or the amount of drug-inhibitors used by the balloons. We were able to combine the results from three studies with a meta-analysis of the data and found that DEBs were better than uncoated balloons for a range of endpoints such as target lesion revascularization (removal of the blockage of the artery) and binary restenodiligation (reduction of the narrowing of the blood flow to the artery), and for one of the main endpoints - improvement of one or more endpoints (improvement in Rutherford score). However, we were not able to determine whether this was due to differences in how often the balloon was used, how often it was put back in place, or how much of the drug was used in the balloon. Data were not sufficient for us to be able to draw any conclusions about the effect of DEBs on death.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of corticosteroids in children with KD. We found seven RCTs with a total of 922 children. The results showed that corticostolic steroids reduced the occurrence of coronary artery problems and the number of deaths (no events) and the risk of serious adverse events (deaths) in the acute phase of KD. They also reduced the length of time it took for the blood to return to normal (time for blood tests to normalise) and time for the body to recover from the adverse events. We did not find any data on adverse events, death and long-term (1 year or more) heart problems. We also found no data on side effects. We judged the quality of the evidence to be high for the incidence of adverse events and death, and moderate for the duration of symptoms (fever, rash) due to the way in which the studies were done and the way they were done. Evidence was of high quality for the effect of the use of steroids on the time that the blood returned to normal and the amount of time the blood took to recover. We rated the evidence for quality of life as being of high, and we judged the results to be of moderate for adverse effects, and low for the time it takes for blood to recover (time to recover). We also assessed the results as of high and low quality. We concluded that we are reasonably sure that the true effect is close to that we found in this review. There was not enough data to be able to say whether or not there was a difference between groups in terms of risk of heart problems, but we do not think that there was any difference between the groups. We do not know whether there were any differences in the type of child or the age of the child, or whether the child or child's parents knew which group the child was in or out of the study. We are also not sure if there were differences between the group of children who received steroids and those who did not.
We searched for evidence up to May 2016. We found eight studies with 846 women with postpartum or post-partum mental health problems who were randomly put into one of two or more PIP groups. Four of these studies compared PIP with a control group (i.e. another PIP, video-interaction guidance, psychoeducation, counsellors or counselling). Two of these included a group in which the PIP group was compared with a group that did not receive PIP. The other four studies did not use PIP in the same way, so we could not be sure whether PIP was better or worse than other forms of PIP or not. We did not find any differences between PIP and other PIPs in any of the outcomes measured at post-intervention or follow-up, or both. There was no evidence that PIP helped to reduce the risk of parents' or infants' levels of depression, or to change the way they cared for their children. There were no differences in the number of children who were more or less attached to their parents, or in the amount of time they spent in the care of their parents. We also found no differences between the groups in any other outcomes. We rated the evidence as low or very low quality for all comparisons. We assessed the quality of the evidence for all of the comparisons as low to very low. We judged the evidence to be at high risk of bias, which means that we are not able to be sure of the results because of the way in which some of the studies were done, or how they were done.
We found 11 trials with 753 women who had elective caesarean section. The evidence is up to date as of May 2016. We found one new study in this updated version. We did not find any differences between the groups in terms of the amount of oxygen given to the mother or the foetal umbilical arterial blood (UaPO2). We found that women in labour who received extra oxygen had higher levels of oxygen in their blood, and more oxygen in the blood of their babies when they were in labour. However, we could not tell if this was due to the fact that the babies were still breathing the same amount of air as they were before the operation. We also found no difference in the level of oxygen the babies had in their umbils (foetal blood in the arterial arterial vein). We also did not see any differences in the levels of the baby's blood gas (PaO2) or in the number of free radicals (free radicals) in its blood. We judged the quality of the evidence to be very low, which means that we are very sceptical about the results.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to May 2011. We found 12 RCTs with a total of 2196 participants. Four of these studies were new in 2011 and four of these were new to us in 2011. Six of the studies compared the use of a reminder pack with a non-reminder pack. Reminder packs were compared with no reminder packs in four of the four trials. Reminders were used in the other three. Reminders increased the number of pills taken in the pill box by 11% (95% confidence range (CI) 6% to 17%) compared with the non-reinforced pill box. We did not find evidence that reminder packs reduced blood pressure, but we did find that they reduced blood levels of haemoglobin in the blood. We were not able to assess the effect of reminder packs on the amount of time patients spent in bed, and we were unable to determine whether they were more or less likely to take their pills. We could not find any studies that looked at the effects of reminding packs on self-reports of how often they took their pills, or whether they took them, or not. We also could not identify any studies which looked at other outcomes, such as vitamin C and E levels, and how often patients took their medicines. We identified one study that looked only at people with low literacy levels. In one of these, a reminder aid was found to be preferred by those with low levels of literacy. We concluded that reminder packing may be a simple way to help people with a range of conditions take their medicines, but more research is needed to see if it works.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in May 2016. We found 15 RCTs with a total of 15 randomised trials. The drugs were methylprednisolone, amrinone, prostaglandin E1, pentoxifylline, mannitol, trimetazidine, dextrose, allopurinol, and OKY 046 (a thromboxane A2 synthetase inhibitor). All trials had high risk of bias. There were no differences between the groups in mortality, liver failure, or perioperative morbidity. There was a short-term improvement in the number of days spent in the intensive care unit (ICU) and the length of time spent in intensive care, but there was no difference in any of the other outcomes. The use of these drugs should be restricted to well-designed trials before they can be used in clinical practice.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in May 2016. We found 61 RCTs, with a total of 13,327 adults with CCS. We searched for studies that looked at the effect of treatment with cisplatin, carboplatin, ifosfamide, or any of the other drugs used to treat CCS in adults. We did not find any studies which looked at other types of CCS, such as CCS with aminoglycosides and vancomycin, or CCS treated with total body irradiation (TBI). We also looked at risk factors for CCS such as age at the time of the CCS and how long it took for the person to recover from the treatment. We also searched for trials that assessed the risk of adverse effects after the use of these drugs. We were able to combine the results of 52 studies, of which at least 4499 adults had CCS (at least 432 CCS) and at least 851 adults had a CCS that did not have CCS at the same time. Of these 52, 36 studied a decreased (estimated) GFR, and found it was present in 0% to 73.7% of participants. Four non-randomised, non-inferiority-based, studies found nephrectomy and (high-dose (HD) cisplinatin) as risk groups for decreased GFR. The other risk groups, analysed by three non-insignies, were HD cisplanatin, (high dose (HD), (HD, high-dose) ifosmolecule, and a combination of neph rectomy and abdominal radiotherapy. The majority of studies did not look at other risk factors, but some did look at them. We could not combine the data from the studies because of the differences in the way they were done and the way in which they were carried out. The quality of the evidence was poor, and we were not able to draw any conclusions about the risks of side effects after treatment with these drugs or any other drugs. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2017.
We searched for evidence on the use of phytomedicine drugs in people with sickle cell disease. We found two trials with a total of 182 participants. One of the two drugs, Niprisan® (also known as Nicosan®) and the other drug, Cajanus cajan (Ciklavit®) were included in the study. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2016. The results of the trial of Nipriansan® showed that it was safe and effective in reducing the number of episodes of severe pain in sickle cells over a six-month follow-up period. It did not affect the risk of severe complications or the level of anaemia (low-quality evidence). No serious side effects were reported. The one study of Cajanscajan reported a possible benefit to individuals with painful crises, and a possible adverse effect (non-significant) on the levels of anaemic blood in the blood. However, the results of its multicentre trials are awaited. Currently no conclusions can be made about the efficacy of Ciklavin®. Based on the published results for Niprinsan® and in view of the limitations in the results for Cajan®, we are not able to draw any conclusions about the effect of these drugs in the treatment of sickle-cell disease.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1999 adults with HL who were randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups. Two of the three RCTs were conducted in the USA, one in the UK, and one in Australia. The third RCT was done in the Netherlands. All three studies were funded by a pharmaceutical company. We found that PFS was shorter in people with HL and a negative PET scan in those who received PET-adapted treatment compared with those who did not. Progression-free survival was longer in those receiving PET-based treatment (with or without radiotherapy) than in those with standard treatment with radiotherapy. This was true for both short-term and long-term AEs. We did not find any differences in the number of deaths between the two groups. We judged the overall risk of bias in the studies as low. One of the studies was published in the form of an abstract, which means that we were not able to assess whether there was any chance of bias. The other study did not have blinding, so we could not be sure whether there were any flaws in the way it was carried out. It is still not clear whether PET-antibodies can be used in the long term, and we do not know whether they are effective in the short term. To date, data have been published for the PET-negative arms only, making it possible to perform a meta-analysis including all three trials. Of the 1999 people included in the three trials, 519 were either PET-positive, or were excluded from the analyses because they did not match the inclusion criteria. The studies were well-conducted, but the way they were done meant that it was not possible to be sure which group the people in the study were in and which group they were in.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in May 2014. We found 31 RCTs that looked at the use of different types of birth-control pills, injections, vaginal rings, and implants. We did not find any new trials in 2014. Twenty-one of the trials compared combined oral contraceptives (COCs); others looked at different COC regimens, progestin-only pills, injectables, a vaginal ring, and implantation. None of the studies used a placebo (a fake pill). Of 34 comparisons, eight had any differences between the study groups in an outcome. We could not combine the results of these comparisons, so we could not tell whether there was a difference between the two groups in terms of the amount of time women took to reach a low blood sugar level. We also could not be sure whether there were any differences in insulin levels between the groups. We still do not know much about women at risk for metabolic problems due to being overweight. Many trials had small numbers of participants and some had large losses. We were not able to compare the same types of contraceptives in women who were not obese or who did not have diabetes.
We found 10 RCTs with 559 adults with symptomatic hip OA who were followed up for at least three to six months to see if they were able to perform land-based exercises in order to help them to improve their pain and function. The results of these 10 trials showed that exercise can help to reduce pain and improve physical function in people with symptopoietic OA. Pain was reduced by 8 points on a 0- to 100-point scale (0 was no pain or loss of pain) in the control group and by 7 points in the exercise group (0 to 100 scale). Pain was improved by an equivalent of 8 points (95% CI 4 to 11 points; number needed to treat for an effect (NNTB) 6) and by an improvement of 7 points (5% CI 1 to 12 points; NNTB 6). Pain and physical function were improved by 24 points and 24 points on 0-to-100-point scales, respectively, in the group that did not do the exercise. The improvement in pain was sustained at least one year after the end of the exercise programme (five trials, 391 adults). Pain intensity was also improved by a similar amount (8 points) in both groups (5 trials, 367 adults), but this improvement was not long-term (three to six years). Quality of life was similar (50 points) between the two groups (three trials, 183 adults) and there was no improvement in the quality of life (10 points) of those who did not take part in the study (three studies, 183 adult adults) compared with those who took part (two adults and one adult) who did take part (one adult and one child). There was no difference between the groups in terms of pain intensity (eight points) or in the amount of pain (four points) experienced by those taking part (four to six weeks) in each group (eight to 12 weeks). Only three studies (183 adults and three children) assessed the effect of exercise on pain, and these were of low or very low risk of bias. Only five of the 10 trials (419 adults and five children) were randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and Brazil. One of the trials did not report on the results of the other trials and did not provide enough data for us to be able to draw any conclusions. We found that the results may be at risk of being biased due to the fact that none of the studies were blinded to the type of exercise they were doing and, while most of the participants were aware of which group they were in, some of them did not tell them which treatment they were taking part in.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the benefits and harms of exercise in adults with MS. We found nine RCTs with a total of 260 participants. Six of the RCT trials compared the use of exercise with no exercise, and three trials compared exercise with two different types of exercise. The results of the review showed that exercise can be beneficial for people with MS who do not have a flare-up of the disease. There is an urgent need for consensus on a core set of outcome measures to be used in these trials. In addition, these trials should be well-designed and well-conducted.
We found only one high-bias study with 75 adults with biliary colic (aged 43 years; females: 65% of participants), randomised to early laparoscopic cholecystectomy (less than 24 hours after diagnosis) (n = 35) or delayed laparoscopy (mean waiting time of 4.2 months) (N = 40). There were no deaths in the early group (0/35) (0%) compared with 1/40 (2.5%) in the delayed group (P > 0.9999). There was no bile duct injury in either group. The other outcomes were available for 28 people in the late group and 35 in the long-term follow-up group, and for 40 in the short-term treatment group. We found that people who had their gallbladder perforation or perforations were less likely to have serious adverse events in the later group (9/40) (P = 0.0082) than in the longer-term group (22.5%). There was also less time spent in hospital (1.25 days, 95% CI -2.05 to -0.45) and less time in the operating room (14.80 minutes) in the earlier group (MD = 14.80). The number of people who were operated on was less than 1 in 10 (0.0%) and 0.5% in the group in which the operation was delayed (P 0.0743). The risk of serious side-effects was less in the first group (1 in 10) and 0 in 10 in the second group. There was a greater risk of side-side-effects in the participants who had surgery in the last 24 hours (9 out of 10) compared with 9 out of 100 (22% of the group) who had the surgery at the end of the 24-hour wait. We did not find evidence that there was a difference between the groups in terms of the number of deaths, the length of the waiting time for elective laparopoietic surgery, or the amount of time that people had to spend in the hospital. We also found no difference in the risk of conversion to open surgery (6/35 or 17.1%) between the early and delayed groups. We were not able to combine the results of this study because the study had a high risk of bias.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in July 2016. We found 11 RCTs that compared the use of long-term and short-term antibiotic prophylaxes for orthognathic surgery in adults aged 18 years or over. We did not find any studies that looked at other types of surgery, such as orthogastric surgery or orthopaedic surgery. Most of the studies had an unclear risk of bias, which means that we are not able to be sure of the results. We were able to combine the results from seven of the trials and these were pooled. Overall, we found that people who had been on a long term course of antibiotics for at least six weeks were less at risk of having a stroke than those who had received a short term course. We also found that they were less likely to have a stroke compared to those who received a single dose of antibiotics. There was not enough evidence to show whether a specific type of antibiotic was better than another. We could not tell whether a longer-term course of drugs was better or worse than a shorter-term one, and we could not be sure whether any of the drugs were more or less safe than the other.
We searched for trials up to May 2016. We found one study, with 40 infants and 42 women. The babies were born by caesarean section and the mothers were followed up for at least six weeks after birth. There were no differences in birthweight, birthweight at birth or the risk of death. There was a difference in gestational age at birth between the two arms of the trial (35.8 weeks (SD 0.7) in the elective group and 36.7 (SD 1.5) at birth in the spontaneous group). We were not able to draw any firm conclusions about preterm birth for infants with gastroschisis. It is not possible to say whether the intervention is beneficial or harmful for these babies or their mothers. Further research is needed in this area.
We found three studies in adults with cancer. All used paracetamol as an add-on to established treatment with strong opioid painkillers. We found no studies in children. All three studies were at high risk of bias due to the way they were done and the small size of the trials. We did not find any studies in people with other types of cancer. One of the studies was done in the USA, and the other in the UK, and both had a cross-over design. The trials were of low to very low quality. We could not be sure whether there was any difference in the pain of people with cancer who were treated with par acetamol compared with those who were not. There was no difference between the two groups in terms of quality of life, use of painkillers, or preference for other painkillers or other non-steroidal painkillers (NSAIDs, tricyclic antidepressants, or neuroleptics). There was also no clear difference in pain in those who took the painkillers compared to those who did not take them. We were not able to combine the results of the three-step method in this review because of the small number of people in the studies and the way that they were designed. We judged the quality of the evidence to be very low.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in September 2016. We found 15 RCTs, 14 of which were done in China and 14 in the USA. The results are up to date as of May 2017. The evidence is current to May 2018. The trials were of poor or very poor quality. Most of the trials were conducted in hospitals and some were in China. The drugs used were antimuscarinics (astemizole, diphenhydramine, propantheline, doxepin, oryzanol, suo quo wan) and astemizole (a drug that has been used in Chinese medicine for over 100 years). These drugs were compared with placebo (a fake pill) or with other drugs (e.g. a stemizole and diphen hydramine). We found that these drugs were more than twice as good as a placebo. We did not find any evidence that any of the other drugs were as good or as safe as the antimusarinics. We also found that suo quan (a medicine made from Chinese yam and bitter cardamom) was better than the other medicines used in the trials. We were not able to tell whether any of these medicines were as safe or as effective as we would have liked. The quality of the studies was poor and we could not be sure of the methods used to determine which drugs were the best to use. We could not tell whether there were any differences in the way the drugs were used and we were unable to tell if any of them were safe or not. There was a lack of data on side effects and we did not know whether there was any difference between the drugs used. We do not know if there is any difference in the amount of time the drugs are used or how often they are used.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of people with MS. We found six RCTs, with a total of 195 adults with MS who were randomly put into one of three or more treatment groups. We pooled and analysed data of 5 trials (N=137) for both inspiratory and expiratory muscle training, using a fixed-effect model for all but one outcome. We did not find any differences between the groups in any of the main outcomes. Compared to no active control, we found no difference in the number of times a day a person was able to breathe through their nose or mouth, or in the amount of time a person could breathe through his or her nose and mouth. We also found no differences between groups in the numbers of times people were able to breath through their mouth, mouth, nose, mouth or throat. We were not able to combine the results of the five trials we looked at in a way that could be used to compare the effects of different types of training. We could not combine the data from the other three RCTS in the same way, so we could not compare them in the way we did in the other studies. The quality of evidence was low for all outcomes, mainly due to limitations in the design and implementation of the studies and imprecision of the results. The evidence is up to date as of May 2016.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing betamethasone (1.5 mg/day) with no medication in pregnant women with ITP. We found one RCT in which 38 women (41 pregnancies) were randomised, with only 26 women (28 pregnancies) being analysed. This RCT found no evidence of a difference in the risk of neonatal thrombocytopenia (blood clotting in the brain) and bleeding in the baby. Maternal death, perinatal death, postpartum haemorrhage and neonatal intracranial haema were not studied by this RCT. There is not enough evidence to support the use of betametasone for the treatment of ITP in the first trimester of a woman's pregnancy. We do not know if there is any other treatment for ITP during pregnancy. This Cochrane review did not find any other studies that looked at other types of drugs to treat ITP, such as anticoagulant drugs, or other drugs that are commonly used to treat this medical condition.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to May 2013. We found two RCTs, with a total of 111 participants (n = 30 and n = 81), both in Iran, that met our inclusion criteria. Both were randomised trials. Only one eye of each participant was treated as part of the trials. The smaller study had 12 month follow-up data for all participants. We did not find any differences between groups on any of the measures of post-graft quality of life, or in terms of the number of times the graft failed. A single graft failed in the DALK group of the RCT, but no graft failures were found in the group of participants who had a penetrating keratoplasty. The results from the larger RCT did not show a difference between the groups in any of these measures. We also found no evidence of a difference in outcomes with regards to graft survival, final UCVA or keratometric outcomes. The data from the Javadi 2010 RCT showed that DALK grafts were less likely to fail, but we could not be sure whether this was due to the fact that four grafts had already failed. The RCT from the Razmju 2011 RCT had a very wide 95% chance of bias, which means that we cannot be sure if the results from this RCT were influenced by the way it was done. We could not tell from the results of the smaller RCT whether there was any effect of the way the study was done or not on the results. We were not able to combine the data from both RCT and RCT in this review.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in September 2016. We found 67 RCTs with 8506 women. Women were randomised to take iron or no iron, or both, for at least six months. We did not find any studies that compared iron with placebo. Women who took iron were less likely to be anaemic at the end of the intervention compared to those who did not take iron, and had a lower risk of iron-deficiency anaemia. Women taking iron had a higher haemoglobin and iron levels in their blood than those who took no iron. They were also more likely to have a reduced risk of anaemia compared to women not taking iron. We also found that women taking iron did not have more side effects than those not taking it. We were not able to combine the results of the trials to see if they were more or less effective than those that did not use iron, but we did find that women who had taken iron were more than twice as sure of their iron levels. We could not be sure whether women who were taking iron also had more side-side-effects, and we could not tell whether they had more or fewer side-effects. The quality of the evidence was moderate for anaemia, high for iron levels, and low for side-effect rates. We rated the quality of evidence for other outcomes as low or very low. Only 10 studies were at low risk of bias, which means that we are able to be sure of the results. The evidence is up to date as of May 2017.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of the use of irinotecan and fluoropyrimidine in people with CRC. We found five RCTs with a total of 1,726 patients. The results of the trials were up-to-date as of May 2016. We did not find any evidence that the combination treatment was better than the standard treatment in terms of survival or progression-free time to death. There was no reduction in the risk of death from any cause in the combination group compared to the standard group. There were higher risks of adverse events such as diarrhoea and grade 1 or 2 alopecia, and a lower risk of grade 3 or 4 neutropenia in the control group. The quality of evidence for overall survival was low to moderate, mainly due to limitations in the way in which the studies were carried out.
We found that a transverse or oblique incision has less impact on pulmonary function and is less prone to rupture (wound dehiscence/incisional hernia). There was no change in other early or late post-operations complications and recovery times were the same although the transverse incision may be cosmetically more acceptable. The use of analgesia (painkillers) may be reduced with a transversal incision but this does not seem to be significant in the long term. The likelihood of wound dehirsence and rupture appears to be reduced and a transvenous incision appears to look better. The results in favour of a transverte incision (such as with regard to analgesic use) should be treated with caution. The optimal incision for abdominal surgery still remains the preference of the surgeon.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a mean age of 32.0 to 43.7 years. Five of the RCTs were in Europe and four were in the USA. We found that when compared to usual care for subacute LBP, people with LBP who received MBR had less pain (four trials with 336 people) and less disability (three trials with 240 people) at 12-month follow-up, as well as increased likelihood of return-to-work and fewer sick leave days (two trials with 210 people). We did not find any differences between the groups in terms of pain (two studies with 336 participants) or in the amount of time they spent away from work (very low- and low-quality evidence due to imprecision and risk of bias), but we did find no differences in the number of days they spent out of work (low- and very low- or very-low- or moderate- or high- or low-or-very-high-risk-of-disease-recovery-time) or time they took off from work. We also found no evidence that MBR was better than other types of treatment (i.e. brief intervention with features from a light exercise program and a graded exercise program, to a short-term program to help people to recover from LBP and to help them to return to work). When we looked for adverse events in both comparisons, none of the trials looked at this outcome. On the other hand, we did not see any differences in any of the outcomes we looked at. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low to very low for pain, and we judged it to be very low to low for other outcomes (such as work-related pain, time off work, and time spent off work). We found no differences between MBR and other forms of treatment for LBP (e.g. brief interventions such as a light program, a graded activity program, or a brief programme to help a LBP patient to get back to work) when we compared MBR to other treatments. The quality of evidence was very low or very low due to the way in which the studies were done and the way they were done.
We found 18 trials with 4843 men with bone metastases from prostate cancer. We found that bisphosphonates may reduce the number of men with pain and the risk of death in men with prostate cancer metastatic to bone. We did not find any differences in quality of life and we were not able to extract any data for meta-analysis. We also found that there may be no effect of bisphosporin on pain, but we did find that there was a small decrease in the rate of adverse events. We were unable to find any difference in the amount of pain experienced by men with osteonecrosis of the jaw between groups. We observed no differences in the proportion of men who were able to take their painkillers, and we did not see any difference between groups in terms of side effects. We could not find evidence that there were any differences between regimens for men with metastasised prostate cancer who had bone metastasized to bone and those who did not have bone metastatised to bone metastats. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low for pain and moderate for side effects, and very low for side events.
We searched for evidence in May 2016 and found five trials with a total of 1093 patients. We found that HDT + ASCT was more than twice as long as chemotherapy or immuno-chemotherapy in people with FL who had not had any treatment for at least six months. We did not find any differences in terms of time to death (PFS) or progression-free time (OS), but we did find evidence that there was a greater PFS in those with relapsed FL compared with those who had had treatment for six months or less. We also found that there were more side effects in the HDT group and more in the ASCT group. However, we could not be sure whether this was due to the fact that we did not know which group the patients were in when we looked at the results. The quality of the five trials was judged to be moderate. All trials were reported as randomised, which means that they did not tell the patients which group they were in, and were not blinded to the type of stem cell they were receiving. We were not able to combine the results of the trials in a way that we could be sure that they were all the same. We could not tell whether the differences were due to differences in the way the trials were done, the way they were run, or the way in which they were carried out. Due to the small number of studies in each analysis (four or less), we were unable to be sure if the results were the same in each group.
We found 15 studies with 1437 adults with schizophrenia. We found that when WDD was compared with antipsychotic drugs, such as chlorpromazine or risperidone, there was no difference in short-term global or long-term effects of WDD compared to antipsychotics alone. When WDD + low-dose drugs were compared to the same drugs alone, the WDD group had better global and mental state and fewer side-effects compared with the other group. There was no effect on weight gain. However, WDD is often used as an add-on to other drugs used to treat schizophrenia. WDD caused less side-side-effects when it was used with other drugs, but WDD did not cause more side-reactions than other drugs. We did not find any evidence that WDD had an effect on quality of life, hospital use or costs of care. The quality of evidence was low or very low due to the small number of trials and the small sample size.
We found 12 studies with 799 adults with a mean age of 65 years or over. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2016. We found three new studies (228 adults) in this review. We did not find any studies that looked at the effects of different types of arch wires. The results of this review are up to date as of April 2016. The review assessed six comparisons: 1. Multistrand stainless steel versus superelastic nickel-titanium (NiTi) arch wires There were five studies in this group and it was appropriate to do a meta-analysis of two of them. There was not enough evidence to determine whether there was a difference in rate of alignment or pain at day 1 between multistrand (stainless steel) and superereinforced (dual-strand) NiTi arch wires (low- to very low-quality evidence). 2. Conventional NiTi compared to supelereinferior arch wires: There were three studies in the NiTi group, but it was not appropriate to analyse the data. There is not much evidence from these studies to show whether there is any difference between the two types of NiTi in terms of the amount of tooth movement over 12 weeks. 3. Superelian NiTi versus thermoelastic NiTi arches: There was only one study (24 adults) with 24 adults in this comparison. There were not many people in the study, but there was not much data from this group, so we were not able to draw any conclusions about the quality of the results. 4. Conformal NiTi vs supelyte-coil-colemanic (colemenic) arch wire: There are three trials in this area, but we did not have enough data to assess whether there were any differences between these types of wire. There are not many studies that look at the effect of the type of arch wire used, so it is not clear whether any of these is better than the other. 5. NiTi with a single strand compared to NiTi without a strand: There is only one trial (24 adult adults) of this type of wire, but this was not large enough to be able to tell whether it was better or worse than NiTi made of two or more strand. We judged three of the studies to be at high risk of bias, and three were at low risk of being at low chance of bias; six were unclear. None of the trials looked at tooth resorption. The quality of evidence was low or very low.
We searched for evidence in May 2016. We found one study of 306 people with dementia and an average age of 86 years, who were in 16 nursing homes in France. The study did not measure any of our main outcomes but did measure behavioural change using three scales: the Cohen-Mansfield Agitation Inventory (CMAI; 29-item scale), the Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI; 12-item and 25-item scales), and the Observation Scale (OS; 25-point scale). For the CMAI, the study found that people who received de-escalation did not change their behaviour as much as those who did not. However, they did change some of their behaviour, such as their behaviour when they were in the control group. There was no change in the number of times they hit, hit, or swore. For the NPI and OS scales, there were no differences between groups by the end of the study. There were no changes in NPI or OS change scores between groups. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of different types of de-sensitisation. We also found only one ongoing study. We rated the quality of this evidence as very low due to high risk of bias and indirectness of the outcome measures.
We searched for evidence up to 28 September 2016. We found 13 trials with 1316 adults who were incontinent for urine, stool, or both, and were residents in a nursing home or were hospitalised. Eleven of the trials had a small sample size and short follow-up periods. Nine trials compared different topical skin care products, including a combination of products. Two trials tested a structured skin care procedure. One trial looked at the use of a skin cleanser, and found that it might be more effective than soap and water in the prevention and treatment of IAD. The other two trials looked at a washcloth, and showed that it was more good than a soap washcloth. One of the other studies looked at different types of leave-on skin care, and compared them with each other. One study looked at how many times a day the skin was washed, and one looked at frequency of use of the skin care. We did not find any data on the number of people who were not satisfied with treatment or on side effects. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. The overall risk of bias in the trials was high. The results of this review are up to date as of 28 October 2016.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to May 2016. We found seven RCTs with 333 adults with IM. The age of participants ranged from two years to 18 years. The antiviral drugs used were acyclovir, valomaciclovir and valacycloviral. The type of antiviral, the route of the drug, and how long the drug was given varied between the trials. Follow-up ranged from 20 days to six months. Three of the trials were in the UK, one was in the USA, and the other three were in Australia. All of the studies were at high risk of bias, which means that they may have been influenced by the way they were done. The evidence is up to date as of May 2015. The results of this review are current to April 2016. There was no difference between the groups in terms of time to recovery, time to lymphadenopathy, or the amount of time it took for the person with IM to recover from the illness. We did not find any difference in the number of adverse events or side effects of the antiviral drug. We were not able to combine the results of the different types of antivirals used in the trials due to the way in which they were analysed. We judged the quality of the evidence to be very low for all outcomes and so the results should be interpreted with caution. There were two of the results that were of low or very low quality. There may not be a difference between treatment and control groups for any of the other outcomes. We also found that there was no effect of the drugs on the length of time spent in hospital or in intensive care, but we could not be sure whether this was due to differences in the type of drug used, the way it was administered, or how long it was used. We could not combine the data from the trials to see if there were any differences between groups for the other results. We rated the evidence as very low because of the way the results were done and the fact that we did not know which group the people in the study were in.
We found four studies with a total of 2250 adults aged 18 years or over who were randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups. Insulin glargine was dosed once-daily in the evening with the option of an extra dose in the morning in three of the four trials and twice-a-day in one. The other treatment group was insulin detemir, which was injected twice-daily. The results showed no differences in overall, nocturnal and severe hypoglycaemia (low blood levels of blood sugar in the blood) between the two groups. There was no difference between the groups in quality of life, costs or death. Insulins were often injected in a higher dose but with less weight gain, while the other drug was injected once-day, with less side-side-effects. We did not find any evidence that there was a difference in the risk of death or serious side-effects between the treatments.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of SNS for people with incontinence. We found six RCTs that compared SNS with no SNS. We also found one RCT that looked at the effect of the SNS on the frequency of incontinuities. We did not find any RCT for the duration of the trial. We compared the results of the RCT with those of a RCT in which SNS was not used. The RCT was carried out in the USA and the other trials were done in the UK and the USA. The trials were carried out over a five-year follow-up period (three months to 12 months). We found that SNS reduced incontinentity in 53 adults with severe fibromyalgia (FI) compared to those who did not have SNS, but did not reduce incontenuities in those who had SNS compared with those who were not. The results were similar in 15 adults with FI who received SNS and 15 with SNS in the same group. In the parallel group trial carried out by Thin, 15 people with FI in the group receiving SNS experienced fewer episodes of FI compared with the percutaneous tibial nerve (PTNS) group (MD −3.00, 95% CI −6.61 to 0.61 at 3 months; MD +3.20, 95 CI −7.14 to 074 at 12 months) (MD = 0.74). Adverse events were reported in three participants: mild ipsilateral leg pain (1); and pain at the stimulator site (2); and stimulator-site pain (2). In the trial by Leroi 7 of 34 participants were excluded from the trial due to complications or immediate device failure. Twenty-four of the remaining 27 participants while still blinded chose the period of stimulation they had preferred. Outcomes were reported for 19 and five participants. For the group of 19, the median (range) episodes of faecal incontipation per week fell from 1.7 (0 to 9) during the 'off' and 'on' (1.4 (SD, 8.7) per week) compared with 0.7 per week in the 'in' group (SD = 1.4). For the five group of five, the range of episodes per week increased from 3.7 to 11 per week compared with 3.0 per week (SD= 0.8 per week). No adverse events were found in any of the trials. In contrast, in the study by Dinning with 59 participants, SNS did not improve frequency of bowel movements and 73 side effects were reported, which included pain at site of the implanted pulse generator (32), wound wound (1), and pain in the vaginal region (9%). Four out of 27 participants had an adverse event that led to the removal of the stimator (1). Two trials assessed SNS to treat constipation. In one of these, the participants had more than one episode per week of infestations (2.5 per week), compared with one per week for the other group. The other study assessed the effects of the stimulation on the length of time it took for the person with FI to have an infestation (1 week). The results of this study were not reported.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of molar tubes bonded with either a chemically-cured or a light-cure adhesive. We found two RCTs with 190 adults aged 18 years or over. Both were at low risk of bias and were well-designed. One of the trials showed that there was less decalcation with molar bands cemented with glass ionomer cement than with bonded molars. The other study showed that the amount of time it took for the molar tube to break down was more than twice as long as with the bonded molar band. No other adverse events were found.
We searched for evidence up to May 2013. We found 66 studies (published between 1988 and 2012) with 7747 patients with gastric cancer who were staged with EUS. The evidence is up-to-date to date as of May 2014. The results showed that EUS can be used to assess the location of the tumour in the gastric wall and to assess whether or not the cancer has spread to other parts of the body, such as the lymph nodes. We did not find any evidence to show whether EUS is more or less accurate than other types of EUS in the diagnosis of gastric cancers. We also found no evidence to support or refute the use of the EUS method in the treatment of people with metastatic gastric carcinoma. However, we did find evidence that it is less accurate in the detection of tumours that have spread to the surface of the stomach and lymph nodes, and that it may be less sensitive to the presence or absence of lymph nodes in the body. Therefore, we are not able to draw any conclusions about its use in routine care. We concluded that the results of this review should be used with care.
We found six trials with 492 adults with symptomatic gallstones who received day-surgery laparoscopic cholecystectomy (239) or overnight laparoscopy (253) for gallstones. The number of women in each trial ranged from 28 to 150. The mean or median age in the trials ranged from 40 to 47 years. There were no deaths in any of the trials. There was no difference in the rate of serious adverse events between the two groups (4 trials; 391 participants; 7/191 (weighted rate 1.6%) compared with 1/200 (0.5%) in the overnight stay surgery group; rate ratio 3.24; 95% CI 0.74 to 14.09). There was also no change in quality of life (four trials; 333 participants; SMD -0.11; 95/0.33 to 0.10) or pain (3 trials; 175 participants; MD 0.02 cm visual analogue scale score; 95-CI 0.69 to 073); time to return to activity (2 trials, 217 patients; MD -2.18 to 1.08); and return to work (1 trial, 74). No significant difference was seen in hospital readmission rate (5 trials; 464 participants; 6/225 (weighting rate 0.5%). 5/239 (2.1%) and 5/154 (3.2%) had to be re-admitted to the hospital for surgery) or in the number of people who were readmitted as planned (5 studies; 419 patients; 19/205 (20.3%) compared to 43/214 (19.1%), 5/136 (5/154) had to have surgery (5-day surgery group) versus 5-day operation group; RR 1.09; 95%) and RR 0.96 (RR 0.65 to 141). No differences were seen between the groups in the rates of failed discharge (failure to be discharged as planned) (5) and readmissions (3) (RR 1.5) in the day surgery group compared to 3.2% in the night surgery group. For all outcomes except pain, the amount of time spent in the hospital was far too small to be able to be sure of the results. Day-sur surgery appears to be as safe as overnight surgery in gallstones, and does not seem to result in improvement in any patient-oriented outcomes such as return to normal activity or the time to work. However, the quality of evidence is weak due to risks of bias (play of chance) and risks of play of chance (random errors). More randomised clinical trials are needed to assess the impact of day-surgic operation laparopoiesis on the outcome of patients.
We found eight studies, with a total of 2488 participants. We found that high-concentration topical capsaicin used to treat postherpetic neuralgia, HIV-neuropathy, and pain in the legs and feet caused by HIV/AIDS was more effective than placebo (a fake medicine) for reducing pain in people with these conditions. We did not find any studies that looked at other types of pain, such as chronic pain caused by other forms of HIV/AIDs. We also found one small study of 46 people with persistent pain after inguinal herniorrhaphy that did not show a difference in the amount of pain they felt when they took capsicin compared to those who did not. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low or very low for most of the outcomes we looked at, mainly due to the small size of the studies and the way in which they were done. We were able to combine the results of four studies (1272 people) and one (801 people) to show that people who took high-capacitinic acid (capsaicin) at 8 and 12 weeks were about 10% more likely to have reduced pain than those who took a 'fake' medicine (placebo). They were about 50% less likely to experience pain at the end of 12 weeks (10%) and 30% less at the beginning of the 12-week follow-up (11%) than people who were treated with a'real' medicine. They were also 10% less prone to side effects (3.5%) and 3.2% more prone to adverse events (2.2.5% and 2.2%) than those treated with 'active' drugs (0.04% versus 0.04%). We found no deaths, and no deaths were judged to be related to the use of study medication. We rated the overall quality of evidence as low to very low, due to a lack of data, imprecision, and the fact that we did not know which group people were in, so we could not be sure which group they were in.
We found three trials with 6343 adults with severe carotid artery stenosis. We found that surgery increased the five-year risk of ipsilateral ischaemic stroke in people with less than 30% stenosis, had no effect in those with 30% to 49% stenitis, and was of benefit in those who had 50% to 69% stenise. Endarterectomy was of some benefit for those with 50% or 69% symptomatic stenise, and highly beneficial for those who did not have near-occlusion of the artery. However, there was no difference in the risk of any of the main outcomes in either of the treatment groups, or in the effects of surgery. We did not find any differences between the two groups in terms of the number of deaths or the length of time it took to recover from the stroke. We also found no difference between the groups in the amount of blood flow to the brain in the brain. We judged the quality of the evidence to be of high or very high.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and non-randomised studies (NRSs) that compared the use of a stoma versus a colostomy in adults with rectal cancer, ulcerative colitis, or other types of colitis. We found one RCT with a total of 864 adults who had their stoma placed in the frame of an operation for: rectal cancers (37/60), colitis (14/60) and adenomatous polyposis (7/60); and other (2/60). The results of the RCT were inconclusive for the incidence of parastomal herniation (low risk of hernation), development of ileus or stenosis (low-risk of narrowing of the stoma), or skin irritation (moderate risk of skin irritation). The RCT did not measure other stoma-related morbidity or death, but did measure quality of life, which was not one of our outcomes of interest. The results were also not clear for the subgroup analysis in which we looked at the effect of the ileostomy versus colostomies method on parastomies. None of the included RCTs or NRSs measured any of the other outcomes we were interested in. We did not find any evidence to show that one method was better than the other in terms of the number of people who had parastal hernations or the occurrence of stoma prolapse (prolapse) and none of the studies measured any other outcomes. The evidence is up to date as of May 2016. The quality of evidence was moderate, low, very low, or very low.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in May 2013 and found 24 RCTs with 2126 adults with schizophrenia. We found no differences in the number of people who had relapsing, the rate of relapse, or the number who were able to leave the study early. We did not find any evidence that there was a difference in the amount of time people spent in hospital, or whether they were better or worse than those who were not in the study. We also found no evidence that any of the other psychological or psychosocial treatments were better than other forms of care. There were no studies that looked at the effect of other types of care, such as counselling, on the length of time a person was in the treatment group, or how well the person was able to cope with their day-to-day life. There was also no data to show whether there were any differences between the types of treatment in terms of how well a person did or did not cope with the day to day activities of life. We rated the quality of the evidence as very low, which means that we are very sceptical about the results. We judged the evidence to be of low to very low risk of bias.
We found 11 studies with a total of 949 people with cancer pain. Most of the studies were at high risk of bias due to the way in which they were done, the way they were run, or the way that they were carried out. Eight studies were double-blind, two were open-label, and one was open-blind. None had a placebo only control; eight of the 11 studies used different types of NSAIDs, and three used an NSAID with an opioid or an opioid-like drug, or both. None compared an NSAIDs plus an opioid with the same dose of opioid alone. It was not possible to compare NSAIDs as a group with each other, or one of the NSAIDs with another NSAID. We judged the results for all outcomes as very low-quality. Withdrawals were common, mostly because of lack of efficacy (24%) or side effects (5%). There is no high-quality evidence to support or refute the use of the drugs alone or in combination with opioids for the three steps of the three-step WHO cancer pain ladder.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of low-molecular-weight heparins in people with sickle cell disease. We searched for RCTs in May 2016 and found only one RCT with 287 participants. This RCT was at high risk of bias due to the way in which it was done and the way it was carried out. The results of this RCT were based on the results of one study (with 253 participants) and the quality of the evidence was very low. This study showed that people treated with tinzaparin had less pain at day two and day three than those in the placebo group (P < 0.01) and more pain at the end of the day (P = 0.05) and at day 4 (ANOVA). This means that the pain was less at day four than in the group that did not take the heparin. The study also showed that the number of days in which people had to be in the hospital was reduced by 4.98 days in those who took the heperin group and by 1.78 days in the dalteparin group. There were no adverse events in the tetracycline group, and none were reported in the other group. We rated the evidence as very low for most of the results. The main reasons for this were the small number of people in the study and the fact that the study was not well-designed.
We did not find any randomised trials that compared anticoagulants with antiplatelet drugs. We found 36 randomised studies with 1285 patients. There were no trials that looked at the use of antiplatelets compared with anti platelet drugs for the treatment of extracranial arterial haemorrhage. There was no difference in the risk of death or the occurrence of stroke or ischaemic stroke, but there was a non-significant trend in favour of anticoagegulants (26 studies, 463 patients). Symptomatic bleeding and major bleeding in the brain occurred only in the anticoagenic group; however, for both these outcomes, the results were imprecise and we could not be sure whether there was any difference between the two treatment modalities. We did not identify any trials that tested the use or use of other drugs.
We found 26 RCTs (2066 patients). We grouped results according to wound type, and silver preparation. We found that there is not much evidence to show whether the use of silver-containing dressings or other treatments improve wound healing or prevent wound infection. There is a lack of high-quality, well-conducted, and well-designed randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that have been done in this area. We did not find any studies that looked at the effects of other types of dressings, such as those that contain silver sulphadiazine (SSD) cream, or those that do not.
We found 12 studies with 3571 adults with VAP. All but one of the studies were funded by a pharmaceutical company. We found no difference in all-cause death, clinical cure, length of stay in the ICU, or side-effects between the two treatment groups. We did find that carbapenems were better than non-carbapenem antibiotics for the treatment of VAP, but we did not find a difference in the number of deaths, side-side-effects, or length of time spent in ICU. However, we did find an increase in clinical cure for imipenem-cilastatin compared with tigecycline, and there was a significant increase in the amount of time the patient was able to live with the disease. We downgraded the quality of evidence for death, adverse events, and length of ICU stay to moderate for this comparison. We also found that we could not assess the best type of drug to use for VAP because of a lack of randomised controlled trials. We rated the overall quality of the results of this review as very low.
We searched for studies up to May 2014. We found 29 randomised controlled studies (12 were controlled) that looked at the impact of policies on drug use, use, and use of drugs. We also looked at whether the drugs were used in the same way as other drugs and whether they were used for the same purpose. We did not find any data on the use of other drugs, such as antihypertensives and statins. We looked at drug use and costs of drugs, as well as the amount of money spent on other health care services. We were able to combine the results of 12 of the studies and found that, when policies were changed to limit access to drugs, people used fewer drugs and spent less money on them, but this did not lead to an increase in other health services. When we looked at drugs used for prevention, we found that people who used these drugs were more likely to use them, and they were less likely to spend more on them. We could not be sure whether this was due to the fact that the drugs used were not the same as each other, or that they were the same class of drug.
This Cochrane Cochrane Review is up to date as of 1 May 2017. We searched for all the relevant trials up to May 2017 and found 19 studies with a total of 4232 people. The evidence is up-to-date as of April 2017. There was a wide range of ways in which people were randomly put into one of three groups: 1) any form of OHA versus no OHA, 2) self-management, 3) personalised OHA and 4) enhanced OHA compared with some form of routine OHA. We did not find any evidence that any of these methods were more or less effective than any other method. We found insufficient high- or low-quality evidence to show whether any of the methods were better than the other methods in terms of oral health, or whether any method was better or worse than the others. We were not able to combine the results of the trials in a meta-analysis as there was too much variation in the way they were done.
This is a Cochrane Cochrane Collaboration (Cochranemsk.org) review of five trials with a total of 49 adults with adhesive capsulitis. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2016. The trials were of low to very low risk of bias due to the way they were done and some were of poor quality. One of the trials (40 adults) compared the use of oral steroids with no treatment, one (28 adults) of oral or intra-articulated steroids; and one (32 adults) used a combination of oral and intramusculinoproliferative (intraarticulate) steroid injection with or with oral steroids. The other three (28 and 32 adults) did not use the same dose or dose of steroids. There was no difference between the groups in terms of pain, range of movement of the shoulder or the amount of time it took for the person to recover from the pain. One trial (40 people) showed that oral steroids were more effective than placebo in the short-term, but the effect may not be maintained after six weeks. There were no differences between the two groups in the long-term. A third (28 people) and (32 people) study (32 participants) used the same dosage of intraarticulitis steroids but did not compare them with each other. Two trials (30 and 49 adults) were of high quality, one was of low quality and the other was of poor or very low quality.
We found three trials with a total of 50 adults with ALS. All three trials compared rTMS with sham TMS. All the trials were of poor quality and were not large enough to allow the pooling of the results. None of the studies were of high risk of bias due to the way they were done. The quality of the trials was poor and there was a high rate of drop-out from the trials. The results of the three trials did not show a difference between sham and real TMS in terms of the number of patients who had ALS. However, none of the participants in the trials had ALS and none of them had any adverse events. There is currently no evidence to support or refute the use of rTMs in the treatment of ALS.
We found 10 trials with a total of 1049 adults with high blood pressure. All of the trials were of high risk of bias, and none had a placebo group. In one study, people who were treated with plasma exchange plus prednisone had significantly better blood pressure control at 1 month (0.3 mg/kg: RR 18.78, 95% CI 1.20 to 293.70) than those who were given prednisolone alone (1.0 mg/ kg: RR 1.11 to 2.90), while another study showed no difference in disease control at 6 months. No differences were seen for the use of azathioprine or mycophenolate mofetil to corticosteroids (one trial), for tetracycline and nicotinamide (one study), and for the addition of tetracetonide (one) and tetraphenolone (one), or for the treatment of people with low blood pressure (low blood pressure) with a steroid (clobetasol) (RR 1.00, 95.97 to 1.03) in one trial. There were no differences in the number of deaths or side-effects between the groups in one of the studies. There was no difference between the two groups in the other in the third and fourth and fifth and sixth and seventh and eighth and ninth and 10th and 11th and 12th and 13th and 14th and 15th and 16th and 17th and 18th and 19th and 20th and 21st century medicines were not used in any of the 10 trials. Very potent topical steroids are safe and safe treatments for BP, but their use in extensive disease may be limited by side-side-effects and practical factors. Milder regimens (using lower doses of steroids) are effective in people with moderate BP.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in which herbal medicines were used to treat people with irritable bowel syndrome. We found 75 RCTs with 7957 people with this condition. Herbal medicines were tested in the trials, in which they were compared with placebo (a fake medicine) or with other medicines. Herbs were also used in the same way as conventional medicines, and compared to the same herbal medicines alone. The trials were of low or very low risk of bias. Compared with placebo, a Standard Chinese herbal formula, individualised Chinese herbal medicine, STW 5 and STW5-II, Tibetan herbal medicine Padma Lax, traditional Chinese formula Tongxie Yaofang, and Ayurvedic preparation showed significant improvement of global symptoms. In nine trials that used herbal medicines combined with conventional medicine, six tested herbal medicines showed additional benefit from the use of the herbal medicines compared with the conventional medicine alone. No serious adverse events were reported. Some herbal medicines may improve the symptoms of the condition. However, the quality of the trials was low, and the number of participants was too few to be sure of the results.
We searched for trials that looked at the use of levonorgestrel (LNG) in women with infrequent or infrequent sex. We found 22 studies with a total of 12,400 women. The drugs and doses of LNG used in the trials were LNG 0.75 mg, LNG in doses other than 0.5 mg, and other drugs other than LNG (7 trials). Outcomes were pregnancy rates, discontinuation, side effects, and acceptable use of the method. The results showed that LNG was safe and well-taken, and that most of the other drugs were not well-studied. Most women liked the pericoital LNG method in spite of frequent side effects. Most of the studies were from the 1980s and were conducted in Europe, Asia, and the Americas. We did not find evidence that there was a link between frequency of pill use or dose of the drug, or between the frequency of the pill and the amount of pills taken, or how often the pill was taken. Most studies were of poor quality, and many had flaws in the way they were done. However, we considered the evidence to be of high quality because of the large number of participants from diverse populations, the low birth rates, the consistent results across studies. Rigorous research is still needed to confirm the efficacy and safety of pericoitic LNG as a method of birth control for infrequent intercourse. If the method is shown to be efficacious, safe and acceptable, the results may warrant revision of the current World Health Organization (WHO) recommendations and marketing strategies.
We found 15 studies with a total of 561 adults and children aged 12 to 54 years. The studies were conducted in Europe, India, China, South Korea, the USA and the USA. The age range of the children was usually between 12 and 54 years, and the age of the adults ranged from 12 to 65 years. Most of the participants were male, with a large proportion of them from the USA, and most of the women were from the UK. The results of this review are up-to-date as of May 2016. We found that, compared with conventional anchorage, surgical anchorage was more effective in the reinforcement of anchorage by 1.68 mm (95% confidence range (CI) -2.27 mm to -1.09 mm). There was no evidence of a difference in the length of time patients spent in hospital, but there was a lack of evidence to suggest that any one technique was better than the other. There was also no evidence that any of the different types of surgery were more or less safe or safe than the others. We did not find any studies that looked at harms of surgery or the use of extraoral headgear, and none of the studies looked at side effects.
We found 50 studies with 45,285 adults with CKD who did not have CVD at the time of the study. We were able to combine the results of 38 of these studies (37,274 adults) in a meta-analysis. We found that the risk of bias was high in the studies. We also found that people who took the drugs were less likely to die, have a heart attack, or have a stroke compared with those who did take the drugs. We did not find any evidence that the drugs had an effect on the number of people who died or had a heart or stroke. However, we did find that people taking the drugs did not die more often, had less heart attacks or strokes, and had less chance of dying from any cause compared with people who were not on dialysis. They also had less risk of heart attack or stroke, and were more likely to be able to take their medicine. The risk of death and heart attack was reduced by 20% in those who had not had CVD, and by 10% in people who had had a CVD. The effect of the drugs on heart and stroke was not clear, and we were not able to draw conclusions about the effects of these drugs on other aspects of health, such as quality of life, kidney function, and cancer. The quality of the studies was low, and there was a high risk of imprecision due to the way they were done and the way in which they were designed.
We searched for trials up to May 2016. We found nine trials with 379 adults with cystic fibromyalgia (CYP) and osteoporphy (OI) in five of the studies and OI in the other four. All of the children had cerebral palsy (CP) or OI. The children ranged in age from 2 to 19 years. All studies, apart from one cross-over trial, were done in the same way. Three of the trials on CP evaluated baclofen and botulinum toxin A (BoNT-A) and all of the OI trials used bisphosphonates (two alendronate and one pamidronate). No trials were found that looked at other drugs commonly used as analgesics in this group. Pain was a secondary outcome in five studies. Pain in CP was assessed in two of the two ITB studies for pain in CP, but assessed at different time points in their disease, both found an effect on pain favouring the intervention compared to the control group (standard care or placebo) (mean difference (MD) 4.20, 95% 95% CI 2.15 to 6.25; MD 26.60 to 50.59, respectively). In these studies most of the adverse events were related to the procedure or device for use rather than the drug, such as swelling at the pump site. Gastrointestinal problems were the most frequent adverse event in those who received alendromate. In one of the BoNT A trials there were eight serious side effects; these were difficulty in swallowing and an epileptic seizure. The trial did not state if these were in the intervention group. At follow-up in both BoNTA trials there was no evidence of a difference in pain between the trial arms among CP participants. The adverse events in the Bo NT-A trials mostly involved those who had the intervention drug and involved seizures. No side effects were reported in this trial. In the trial on OI there were no side effects in the ointment group compared to those who did not have OI, but there was one side effect in the placebo group. The study on CP found no difference between the groups in pain at the end of the study. The one OI study found no differences in pain in OI between the treatment group and the group. No adverse effects were found in this study. We are not able to say whether any of the drugs used to treat pain in CYP with LLCs are safe for children with CYP. We do not know which drugs are the best to use to treat the pain in children with cystitis and oesophagus.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of latrepirdine in adults with mild-to-mild Alzheimer’s disease. We found seven RCTs with a total of 1697 patients. Three trials (1243 patients) were randomised to take part, and four (1034) were randomly assigned to receive or not take part in the study. We did not find any data from the seventh RCT. We judged five of the trials to be at high risk of bias due to the way they were done, and three were at high rate of attrition bias. There was low quality evidence favouring latrepidine on the Clinician's Interview - Based Impression of Change (CIBIC-Plus) (MD -0.60, 95% CI 0.89 to 0.31, 1 study, P < 0.001). Due to imprecision in the results, we were not able to assess whether lat repirdine had any effect on cognition measured with the ADAS-Cog (Cog), or the Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) or the ADCS-ADL (MD 0.94 to 2.11, 3 studies, P = 0.45), or on function (MD 1.15 to 3.15) at the end of the study (26 or 52 weeks). We considered the evidence on these outcomes to be of low quality. However, there was some high quality evidence showing a very small effect on the Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI) at study end (26 and 52 weeks), and there was a very low risk of adverse events (RR 0.93 to 1.14, P= 0.51, RR 0.55 to 1) and dropouts due to side effects (RR 1.03 to 1), and moderate risk of side-side-effects (RR -1.09 to -3.45, RCT 0.52, RR 1.35 to 1). We judged the quality of the evidence to be moderate for adverse events, and low for side-effects and dropout rates. The evidence to date suggests that, compared with placebo, there is no increase in the risk of serious side effects, dropouts, or dropout due to adverse events in people with mild to moderate AD, though there appears to be a modest benefit for behaviour. We are unable to draw any conclusions on the effect of the drug on cognition and function in mild- to-moderate AD, but we are able to say that there is a small amount of evidence to suggest that there may be a small benefit on the neuropsychiatric symptoms in AD. We do not think that this benefit is large, and we do not know if this is due to differences in the way the trials were done or not.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to May 2016. We found seven RCTs with 735 adults aged 18 years or over. We analysed the effects of RIC on preventing and treating ischaemic stroke in people with symptomatic stroke and people with carotid stenting. We included three trials (involving 371 participants) in the analysis of the effect of the use of the RIC in the prevention of recurrent stroke, and four trials (with 364 participants) for the treatment of ischaemia stroke. We did not find any evidence that RIC reduced the risk of stroke in those who had a stroke, but we did find low- to very low-quality evidence that people who were treated with RIC were less likely to have a stroke in the long term. There was no difference between those who received RIC and those who did not receive RIC for reducing the number of strokes in the short term. We also found low-to-very low- quality evidence that there was no effect on the amount of blood in the brain, or on the severity of the stroke, in those receiving RIC compared with those treated with non-RIC. We were not able to determine whether RIC was more or less effective than non-RIC for people with acute stroke. There were no deaths or cardiovascular events in the people who had RIC, and no serious adverse events were reported. We judged the evidence to be of low or very low risk of bias due to the way in which the trials were done and the way they were done. We rated the quality of the evidence as low because of the small number of people in the studies and the fact that we did not know which group of people had received which treatment.
We found six studies, with 204 preterm infants. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2016. We found low- to very low-quality evidence that, compared with the unsupplemented group, infants who were fed supplemented with human milk grew faster in the short-term, and longer in the long-term. There was no evidence of a clear difference in rate of growth of skin fold thickness between the supplemented and unsuppeted groups. We did not find any evidence of an increase in the risk of adverse events, such as feeding intolerance, or necrotising enterocolitis. We were not able to draw any conclusions about the effects of this supplement on the length of time infants were in the hospital, body mass index, body weight, or body fat. There were no data on outcomes after the infants were discharged from the hospital. Our findings may not be generalisable to low-resource settings, as none of the studies were done in these settings. Since the use of human milk is now usually done as a component of multi-nutrient fortifiers, future studies should compare different amounts of protein in multi-component fortifier, and be designed to assess the effects on length of hospital stay and safety, as well as on long- term growth, body size, and body weight.
We searched for studies up to May 2016. We found 45 studies: 14 RCTs and 31 ITS studies. Almost all the studies (44/45) compared the effectiveness of PEMs to no intervention. One study compared paper-based PEM to the same PEM delivered on CD-ROM. Based on the results of this review, we found that when used alone and compared to no PEM, PEM may have a small effect on professional practice outcomes. We could not be sure whether this was due to the way the PEM was delivered, or whether it was because of the way in which it was delivered. We did not find any data on the effect size of the effect on patient outcomes, and we were not able to assess the effect sizes of the observed effect sizes.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in September 2016. We found 23 RCTs, most of which were in the USA and were conducted in health-care clinics (e.g. family planning). The majority of the trials were funded by the USA. They were heterogeneous in duration, contact time, provider, behavioural aims and outcomes. Most of the studies were done in the US and most of them were in health care clinics. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2017. The main results were that there were no differences between the studies in terms of risk of HIV, chlamydia and other STIs. There were few differences in the types of STIs or in the way in which they were addressed. There was little or no difference in the number of women who had HIV or chlamydia, or the type of STI they had. None of the included RCT was designed to look at HPV (human papillomavirus), which is a virus that can cause cancer in the cervix. However, it is important to note that the trials did not look at the role of HPV in the prevention of cervical cancer. We also found that there was a lack of information about HPV and its link to cervical cancer, with long-term follow-up to assess impact on behaviour change, rates of HPV infection and progression to cancer.
We found twenty studies with a total of 2337 participants in this review. Nineteen studies compared brief psychoeducation with routine care or other forms of care, and one study compared brief psychosocial training with cognitive behavior therapy (CBT). We found that short-term and long-term psychoeducations were more likely to reduce the number of people who were non-compliant with their medication, and were less likely to take their medication in the short term, but not in the long term. We did not find evidence of a difference between the groups in terms of whether or not they were more or less well-behaved in the medium term, or in the longer term. There was no difference found in quality of life as measured by GQOLI-74 in either group, nor in the death rate in any group. We concluded that a brief psychoeducational approach could be effective, but more large, high-quality studies are needed to confirm or refute the use of this approach.
We found 11 studies with a total of 9839 adults with COPD. Most of the participants were adults with moderate to severe COPD, who had not had a flare-up of their COPD for at least six months. We found that LAMA+LABA was better than LABA+ICS for reducing the number of flare-ups and the risk of serious adverse events (SAE), as well as improving the quality of life of the people in the LAMA arm. We did not find any evidence that LABA was as good as LABA in terms of reducing the chance of death or serious side effects. We also found that people who received LAMA-LABA were less likely to have a flare up of COPD than those who did not, and were more likely to be able to breathe in and out of the airway at the same time. We were able to combine the results of the 11 studies that we found to show that, compared to LABA-ICS, LAMA plus LABA is better than LAMA alone for people with mild to very mild COPD who have not had any flare ups of the disease. However, we could not be sure whether this was due to the fact that all but one of the studies were sponsored by a drug company. The one study that was not sponsored was at high risk of bias due to its small size, and the way in which it was done.
We found three studies with 91 children aged between 6 months and 4 years. All studies were in the USA and Spain. We found no new trials for this update. One study of 15 children with mild croup compared heliox with 30% humidified oxygen for 20 minutes. Heliox was administered as a mixture of 70% heliox and 30% oxygen. There may be no change in croup score at 20 minutes postintervention, but there may not be a difference between groups at 20 or 120 hours after the end of the study. The mean croup rate may not change between groups, but may be lower at 60 and 120 hours. Children treated with heliox may have lower mean Taussig croup scores at 60 to 120 hours, but not at 120. We assessed the evidence for all outcomes in this study as of low quality, due to imprecision and high risk of bias due to open-label design. We did not find any differences between groups in heart rate and intubation. In the other study, 47 children with moderate to severe croup received one dose of oral dexamethasone (0.3 mg/kg) with either heliox for 60 to 90 hours or no treatment. All children were discharged from the study, but we did not know if any of them had to be re-admitted to the hospital. We could not pool the data from each of the three studies because each of them used data from only one study. We rated the quality of the evidence as low due to the small number of children in each group and the way the study was done. We also assessed the quality as low because of imprecise results and the fact that only one of the studies was done in the US and one in the UK.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of red flags in people with LBP. We found eight RCTs with a total of 29 groups of red flag tests. We did not find any studies that used more than one red flag test at the same time to test for vertebral fracture. We also did not identify any randomised trials that used the same red flag in the same group of people. We were able to combine the results of three of the red flags we looked at to see if any of them could be used to assess for vertebral fracture in people who had LBP, but these results were imprecise. We could not be sure whether any of these red flags could be combined in a way that would be useful in the case of a vertebrae fracture in LBP patients. However, we did find that when red flags were used in combination with other red flags, the results appeared to be more accurate. We are not able to be sure that this is true, as many red flags have a high risk of bias and if acted upon uncriticised there would be consequences for the cost of care and outcomes of LBP in this group of patients.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of men with urethral strictures. We found only one RCT with 210 men. This RCT compared urethrotomy and urethroplasty in men with severe urethra-dilatation in the first six months after surgery. There was no difference in the number of men who had stricture free at three years or in the length of time it took for the recurrences to recur. After two years, 16 of 25 (64%) men who received urethrobot surgery were more than twice as likely to need further surgery for stricture recurrence compared to 6 of 25 men (24%) who had surgery. There were too few data to determine which treatment was the best in terms of side effects and costs.
We searched for trials up to May 2016. We found six trials with a total of 1211 children and adults with confirmed, or suspected, persistent asthma. The trials were conducted in the UK, USA, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and the USA. The four paediatric trials (two in the US and one in the USA) and the two adult trials (involving 12 to 52 weeks of follow-up) were of high risk of bias. The evidence is up to date as of May 2015. We did not find any differences in the number of people who had a flare-up of their asthma. There was no difference in the risk of having one or more flare-ups in the group who took ICS every day. There were no differences between the groups in the use of rescue oral corticosteroids and the rate of severe adverse health events. We could not be sure whether daily ICS was more or less safe, and we could not tell if it was better or worse than inhaled budesonide and beclomethasone. The quality of the evidence was low.
We found 17 studies with 1639 people with CKD. We found that people who had a low-iron, polyphenol-enriched, low-fat, high-folic acid, and low-glycogenol-rich diet may be less likely to have a heart attack, stroke, or stroke. They may also be less prone to heart attack or stroke, and may have a better quality of life. We did not find any studies that looked at the risk of death or death due to any cause. We also found that they may be more likely to be able to drink more water, eat more fruit and vegetables, and lower their blood pressure and cholesterol levels. However, we were not able to assess the effect of these changes on the number of deaths or deaths due to heart attacks or strokes, and we were unable to find any data on adverse events. We judged the quality of the evidence to be very low due to the small numbers of people in the studies and the way in which they were carried out. This means that we are very uncertain about the results of this review.
We found one study (156 children aged between seven weeks and 24 months with signs and symptoms of bronchiolitis) that looked at the use of steam inhalation (or cool mist therapy) in children up to three years of age. We found that mist in a tent did not lead to a decrease in the number of children who had a worsening of their symptoms. We did not find evidence that mist was better than nebulised salbutamol or saline in the treatment of children with acute broncholitis. We concluded that there is not enough evidence to be sure whether mist is better than saline or saline for children with bronchial flare-ups.
We found four studies with 1154 adults with a mean age of 50 to 90 years. All participants had a diagnosis of probable or possible AD and most were established on a cholineterase inhibitor. We found no studies assessing role of statins in treatment of VaD. When we pooled data, there was no difference between the two groups in the number of changes in cognitive function (ADAS-Cog) when we pooled the data. There was also no difference in the amount of time people were able to do their daily activities of daily life (MMSE). There was no effect of the use of a statin on the quality of life of people with Alzheimer's disease. We assessed risk of bias as low for all studies.
Four studies with 149 adults and children with Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A and Duchenne muscular dystrophy were included in this review. Two of the studies assessed the effect of night splinting in a group of 26 children and adults. There were no differences between the groups in terms of the amount of time they spent in the night and the number of days they were in the day. One study assessed the use of prednisone treatment in 103 boys with Duchenna muscular dystrophy. While a daily dose of 0.75 mg/kg/day resulted in some improvements in some strength and function parameters compared with a placebo, there was no difference in ankle range of motion between groups. There was also no evidence of a difference between groups in the length of time the boys were able to move their legs. One of the trials assessed early surgery in 20 young boys with achilles tendon contractures. Surgery resulted in increased ankle dorsiflexion range at 12 months but functional outcomes favoured the control group. By 24 months, many boys in the surgical group had a recurrences of achille tendon contractsures. There is no evidence from any of the four studies to show that night-time night-splinting is effective in increasing the range of movement in children and young adults with Charcot-Marie tooth disease. Further research is required.
We found 25 randomised studies with 5218 women. Women who were in the upright and ambulant positions were less likely to have a caesarean birth, and less than half as likely to need an epidural. They were less than one hour and a half longer in the first stage of labour, and more than one-and-a-half times as long in the second stage. Babies of mothers who were upright were more likely to be admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit, but this was based on one study. There were no differences between groups for other outcomes, such as the length of the labour, the need for epidural, or the well-being of the mothers and their babies. There was no difference in the amount of time women spent in bed, or in the number of times they had to be put back on the bed. The quality of the studies was variable, and the way they were done meant that we could not be sure of the results. Based on the findings, we recommend that women in low-risk labour should be informed of the benefits of the upright positions, and encouraged and assisted to assume whatever positions they choose.
We found three randomized controlled trials (RCTs), but only two of them had a follow-up of six months or more, which was the amount of time needed for us to be able to include them in the review. The first study involved 55 people with the 'disputed type' of TOS and compared transaxillary first rib resection (TFRR) with supraclavic neuroplasty of the brachial plexus (SNBP). The trial had a high risk of bias. TFRR decreased pain more than SNBP. There were no side effects in either group. The second study compared a botulinum toxin (BTX) injection into the scalene muscles with a saline placebo injection. There was no effect of the BTX treatment over placebo in terms of pain relief, but it did improve paresthesias at six months' time. No side effects were reported. The third RCT compared the use of BTX in 37 people with TOS of any type, and compared it with saline injection. This was a low-risk study with a low risk of biases. There is no evidence from RCTs to show that BTX is better than saline or that it is worse than no treatment. We did not find any studies that looked at other types of treatments for TOS. We found that there is a need for an agreed definition for the diagnosis of the TOS, and for high-quality trials that compare the outcome of interventions with no treatment and with each other.
Twenty-one trials with 884 people were included. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2016. A hand brace was found to be effective in four weeks compared to no treatment. In one trial, a hand brace reduced pain after eight weeks compared with wrist splinting. In another, a wrist brace improved pain after four weeks and function after six months. In the third and fourth trials, the use of an ultrasound for two weeks did not improve pain. However, one of these trials showed improvement in pain after seven weeks of ultrasound (WMD -0.99; 95% CI -1.77 to - 0.21) which was maintained at six months after the end of the trial. Four trials with 193 people examined various drugs (steroids, diuretics, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs) and compared them with placebo (dietary tablets). Compared to placebo, two-week oral steroids showed a significant improvement in symptoms. One trial also showed a short-term improvement in the pain and function of the hand. One of the trials with 50 people with diabetes showed a long-term benefit in the use and use of a steroid injection compared to placebo. In a third trial with 50 adults with diabetes, a combination of steroids and insulin injections improved pain over eight weeks when compared with the same dose of steroid and placebo injections. Two trials with 105 adults compared ergonomic keyboards versus control and demonstrated equivocal results for pain and functions. One study with 21 adults with carpal bone mobilisation showed a longer-term effect on pain after three weeks of mobilising the bone in one of the affected arm compared to the other treatment group. The other study with 51 adults with arthritis did not show a difference between the groups in terms of pain or function. Other non-surgical treatments do not appear to be as good or as safe as these treatments. Trials of magnet therapy, laser acupuncture, exercise or chiropractic care did not demonstrate benefit when compared to a placebo or control.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in August 2016. We found two RCTs with a total of 708 adults with CRVO-ME. One of the studies was from the USA and the other was from Switzerland. Both studies compared the use of IVS with no treatment. The study in the USA was funded by the US National Eye Institute (NIH) and the study in Switzerland was sponsored by the European Ophthalmic Research Institute (ERI). Both studies were funded by a drug company. The two studies were conducted in Germany and Switzerland, and both had a high risk of bias due to the way in which they were done and the way they were carried out. The results from the GENEVA study showed that the dexamethasone implant did not improve visual acuity after six months of treatment. However, eyes treated with triamcinolone acetonide were five times more likely to have gained 15 letters or more in visual acute after eight months compared with those who did not receive IVS. The quality of the evidence was low due to study limitations, imprecision of treatment estimates, and the fact that we did not have enough data to be able to draw conclusions about the benefits and harms of using IVS for the treatment of CRVO. Adverse events were seen more often with IVS treatment compared with observation/no treatment. As many as 20% to 35% of participants experienced an adverse event in the IVS groups compared with 8% of those in the observation group of the SCORE study. The GENEVA investigators reported 63% in the treatment arm compared with 43% of the observation arm. The most common adverse events were elevated intraocular pressure, progression of cataracts, and retinal neovascularization. The evidence is up to date as of May 2016.
We found six trials with 394 children with moderate to severe adenoid hypertrophy. Five of the six trials showed a significant effect of intranasal corticosteroids in the treatment of nasal obstruction and in the reduction of adenoids. The first eight-week cross-over study showed that treatment with beclomethasone (336 mcg/day) yielded a greater improvement in mean symptom scores than placebo (-18.5 versus -8.5, P < 0.05) and a larger reduction in mean adenoidal/choana ratio than placebo (right, -14% versus +0.4%, P = 0.002; left, -15% versus -2.0%, P= 0.0006) between week 0 and week 4. The second four-week trial showed that the Nasal Obstruction Index decreased by at least 50% from baseline in 38% of children treated with 400 mcg per day (400 mcg a day) compared with none of those treated with placebo (P = 0). The third parallel-group treatment showed that 77.7% of those who were treated with mometasone (100 mcg) for 40 days showed an improvement in nasal obstruction symptoms and a decrease in the size of the nasal cavity (adenoid size) such that adenodysplasia could be avoided, but there was no change in the number of children who had to have surgery. The fourth study demonstrated that eight weeks of treatment with flunisolide (500 mg per day) was associated with a greater reduction in adenolite size than isotonic saline (400 mg/day). The fifth trial demonstrated that fluticasone, a corticostimulant, showed a greater decrease in size than normal saline in 76% of the children who received this drug compared with 20% who did not receive it. One of the trials did not find a difference between the groups in terms of improvement in symptoms or size after eight weeks' use of beclmethasone. The fifth study did not show a difference in size of nasal cavities or in the length of time children had to be treated with flinisolide, but did show that flinolite was more likely to be taken out of the airway in the children in this group than in the group that did not have this drug. The long-term effects of these drugs in these patients remains to be defined.
We searched for trials up to May 2016. We found one study (involving 24 women) that looked at the use of epidural block for the treatment of severe pre-eclampsia in non-labours. This was a one-centre randomised controlled study in Mexico. This study was at low risk of bias in three domains but was assessed to be at high risk of biased due to lack of blinding of women and staff. The study did not report on any of this review's outcomes. For the mother, these were: death (death in utero at or after 20 weeks' gestation), perinatal deaths (stillbirths plus deaths in the first week of life), death before discharge from the hospital, deaths after the first 28 days; preterm birth (defined as the birth before 37 weeks' gestational age); and side effects of the intervention. The baby, these included: death: stillbirths (birth before 20 weeks’ gestation), death in the womb, death after birth, death before birth, birth after 28 days of life, death in hospital, and side-effects of the epidural. We did not find any data on the effect of epidurals on the baby’s Apgar score of the baby at birth and after five minutes and there was no clear difference between the two groups. However, the change in maternal mean arterial pressure and systolic arterial blood pressure, which were the other outcomes of this study, were not different between the groups. There was no difference in the number of babies born with low blood levels of oxygen in the blood. We do not know how long the women had to be in hospital to be able to have an epidural, or how long they would have to have it for. There is a need for larger, well-designed studies to come to an evidence-based conclusion as to find out whether the lowering of vasomotor tone by epidural therapy results in better outcomes for the mother and her baby and for how long that could be maintained. Another important question that needs to be answered is how long should the women have their epidural be used to ensure any benefits and what could be the associated side effects and costs. Interactions with other modalities of treatment and women's satisfaction could also be explored. The evidence is up to date as of May 2015.
We searched for trials up to May 2016. We found 16 trials with 927 adults (aged 25 to 70 years) who had been in hospital for at least one year. They received glucocorticosteroids for 28 days (range 3 days to 12 weeks). Most were men, and 65% were men. Follow-up, when reported, was up to the moment of discharge from the hospital, until they died (median of 63 days), or up to one year after the end of treatment. There was no difference in the risk of death up to three months after treatment (very low-certainty evidence) or on health-related quality of life (low-clearance evidence). There was also no evidence of an effect on the occurrence of adverse events, such as liver- or kidney-related deaths, or on the number of people with any side-effects (very-low-quality-of-life evidence). We are very uncertain about the effect of the drug on all-cause deaths and side-side-effects, and we are very unsure about the effects of the drugs on the chance of non-serious side- or non-life-threatening side- effects. We could not be sure whether any of the trials were funded by the drug industry, and only one of the 15 trials did not report whether they were partly or not, and the other 15 did not say whether they had been partly or completely funded by industry. Based on the evidence we found, we cannot rule out that the drug may be more or less safe than placebo or no treatment for people with alcoholic liver disease. However, we do not know whether it is better or worse than no drug. We need more high-quality, well-conducted trials to answer this question.
We found four studies with 245 adults who had had a stroke. The studies were conducted with people who were relatively young and the timing after stroke was varied. We found that there was no clear evidence of improved on-road scores after training in any of the four studies, or at six months after training. We also found that the use of a driving simulator may be beneficial in improving visuocognitive abilities, such as road sign recognition, that are related to driving. We were not able to draw conclusions on the effects on vision, other measures of cognition, motor and functional activities, and driving behaviour with the intervention. However, we were unable to find any RCTs that looked at on- road driving lessons. We did not find any data on adverse effects.
We found eight studies with 582 adults with COPD. The age range of participants ranged from 65 to 73 years, and most were male (58% to 84%) and COPD was classified as severe or very severe. Five of the studies were in the USA, one was in the UK, and the other three were in Australia, one in Canada and one in Brazil. We found that short-term (three to seven days) and longer-time (10 to 15 days) courses of systemic corticosteroid were as good as longer-term courses of corticostolic steroids. We did not find a difference in the risk of treatment failure between short- and long-term course of treatment, and there was no difference in risk of a new event (a new flare-up of COPD). We did find that there was little or no change in the number of people who had an adverse event (adverse events) or in the length of time they had to be in hospital, and we did not see any difference in lung function at the end of treatment. We judged the evidence to be of low to very low risk of bias due to imprecision in the way studies were carried out and the way they were designed. We graded most of the evidence as of low or very low quality.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in adults with MDS. We found one RCT (13 participants) and identified three ongoing RBC transfusion trials. The RCT included in this review was only published as an abstract and contained only 13 participants. There was a high risk of bias due to the way in which it was done and the way it was carried out. The results of the RCT were of very low to very low quality. We did not find evidence that there was a difference in the risk of death due to any cause or in the number of red blood cell transfusions (1 RCT; 13 participants; 1.8 units per patient per month in the liberal group, compared to 0.8 in the restrictive arm). There were no anaemia-related adverse events (cardiac failure) and no reported effect on activity levels. The study did not report: deaths due to bleeding/infection/transfusion reactions or iron overload, quality of life, frequency and time spent in hospital, or serious bleeding (e.g. blood clotting in the brain). We found no evidence to show that there were any differences between the two groups in terms of the number or type of blood transfusions given. There is a need for more RCTs in this area.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) on the use of games as a way to improve the knowledge and skills of health care workers. We found two RCTs. One study was based on the game show "Family Feud" and focused on infection control. The study did not assess any patient or process of care outcomes. The group that was randomized to the game had higher scores on the knowledge test (P = 0.02). The second study compared game-based learning (Snakes and Ladders board game) with traditional case-based (case-based) learning of stroke prevention and management. The effect on knowledge was not different between the two groups after the intervention. However, the level of play was higher in the group that played the game. The quality of the study was low. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. There is a need for more high-quality research to explore the impact of games on patient and performance outcomes.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of people with unipolar affective disorder. We found eight RCTs with a total of 475 people. Two of the trials were randomised to a mixed group of participants with bipolar or unipolar disorder. When all kinds of relapses were considered (both depressive and manic), there was a significant difference in favour of the use of lithium in terms of the risk of relapsing. There was no difference in the number of people who dropped out of the RCT due to side-effects, side-side-effects or adverse events, or death due to all causes. The results did not exclude the point of no effect, when the random-effects model was used (RR random effects 0.40, 95% CI 0.14 to 1.18). There were no other differences between lithium and the other drugs used in the trials. There is a need for large-scale, long-term randomised trials in unselected groups of patients with unmanic affective disorders.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of amifostine compared with placebo in people with differentiated thyroid cancer. We found two RCTs with 130 patients (67 and 63 patients randomised to treatment versus placebo). Both trials had a low risk of bias (low risk of chance) and were well-conducted. Both trials were conducted in the USA and were funded by the US National Institutes of Health (NIH). We found no evidence of a difference in the occurrence of xerostomia, the amount of iodine in the salivary or submandibular glands, or blood pressure in the blood at the end of treatment. We did not find any data on the function of salivial glands measured by technetium-99m scintigraphy at three months after high dose radioactive iodine treatment due to the results of the trials. None of the studies looked at death from any cause, morbidity, health-related quality of life or costs.
We found three studies with 45 children aged between 29 months and six years with Down's syndrome. We found only three studies of very low risk of bias, and we judged all three of them to be at high risk of being at bias due to the way in which they were done, and the way they were carried out. We judged one of the studies to have an unclear risk of selection bias, as it did not report how it was done; we judged one study to have a high chance of bias in the way it was run; and we did not know which group the children were in, as they did not tell us which group they were in. We did not find any differences between the groups in terms of language skills, or in the amount of time children spent in the home, or how much time they spent at home with their parents. One study looked at children's use of the strategies, and found that more children in the intervention group were able to use more of the words they were told to use, but this was not maintained 12 months later. One of the other studies looked at how many of the parents were in the group and how often they were at home, and it found that mothers were more likely to be in the groups for the group sessions, and more often for the home sessions. No study measured the use of strategies outside of the intervention sessions. All three studies noted differences in most measures of how the parents talked to and interacted with their children postintervention, and in one study most strategies were still used at 12 months after the intervention. No children dropped out of the groups at any time point up to one year after the end of the study, and there was no evidence of language attrition in either group, while one study found positive outcomes on children's socialisation skills in the parents' group. A grant from the Hospital for Sick Children Foundation (Toronto, Ontario, Canada) funded one study. Another study received part of its funding from the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development and the US Department of Education in the USA. The other study did not say whether it had any other sources of funding. We rated the overall quality of the evidence as very low, which means that we have very low or very low levels of confidence in the results.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) from 1987 to 2004 with a total of 148 adults who have had heart valve surgery. We did not find any RCTs with a high risk of bias. We found one RCT from 1987 and one from 2004. Both trials had a high chance of bias, which means that they may have been influenced by the way they were done. We were not able to assess the effect of exercise-based cardiac rehabilitation compared to no exercise on death, serious adverse events, or quality of life. There was not enough evidence to assess whether or not there was a difference in the risk of death or serious side effects between the groups. We also found that, compared with no exercise, people who had heart valves surgery may be able to work out more than those who did not have a heart valve operation. However, we were unable to evaluate the effect on other outcomes, such as return to work, and the cost of the operation. Due to a lack of evidence, we do not know if there is a difference between the two groups in terms of the number of people who died or had a serious side effect. We are unable to draw any conclusions about the impact of the type of heart valve valve surgery, or the amount of time it took for the heart valve to be replaced.
We found five studies with a total of 1130 adults with a range of ages and ages. Two of the studies were conducted in the USA, one in the UK and one in Australia. The other three were done in India and one was done in Brazil. All five studies were in the same country, and in the multi-disciplinary palliative care interventions it is not clear if all participants received support from a chaplain or a spiritual counsellor. The quality of the trials was limited by the way they were done and the way in which they were carried out. We found no differences between the groups in terms of quality of life or well-being. We also found no evidence that any of the interventions were more or less effective than those in the other groups. The paucity of evidence means that there is a need for more research in this area.
We found six trials with a total of 137 participants. We found evidence that there was no effect of tDCS compared to sham tDCS (sham tDCS) on our primary outcome measure, impairment, as measured by the Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (UPDRS). There was very low quality evidence for no effect on change in global UPDRS score ( mean difference (MD) -7.10 %, 95% CI -19.18 to 4.97; P = 0.25, I² = 21%, random-effects model). However, there was evidence of an effect on the part III motor subsection score at the end of the intervention phase (MD -14.43%, 95%CI -24.68 to -4.18; P= 0.006, Iµ = 2%, randomized-effects models). We found one study with 25 participants with dyskineia, but there were no differences in off and on time, gait speed, or adverse events. We did not find any differences in dropouts, adverse events, or deaths. There was no evidence that tDCS was better than sham tDCs for reducing off time ( when the symptoms are not controlled by the medication) and time that symptoms are controlled but not in the long term (off and on). We did find one trial with 16 participants with gait problems that compared tDCS with sham t DCs plus movement therapy. There were no changes in off or on time or in gait, and we did not see any difference in adverse events or deaths between the groups. We also found no difference in dropout, side effects, or death in the tDCS group compared to the sham group (RD 0.05 m/s, 95.5% CI 0.12 to 1.12; I´ = 0%, I¹ = 1, I µ = 0, and RR 0.21 to 021; Mantel-Haenszel method with random- effects model; very low risk of bias). There is not enough evidence to say whether tDCS is better or worse than sham or sham tCDs for improving activities of daily life.
We searched for evidence up to May 2016. We found 12 studies with a total of 461 adults with CRPS. We did not find any studies that looked at the use of LASB for reducing pain in CRPS, but we did find four studies (154 adults) that were at high risk of bias. These studies did not follow up for more than 48 hours, so we did not include them in this review. We also found one small study (36 adults) with high risks of bias that did not have a high chance of bias, but did not show a difference in pain in the short-term. The other two studies (32 adults and 36 adults) did not report on pain at the end of the study. One of the studies (36 adult adults) was at high-risk of bias and did not provide enough data to be sure of its results. One study (35 adults) compared the effect of the LASBs with the same drugs used to treat other types of CRPS and found no difference between them. One small study compared LASBS to placebo/sham (N = 32). They did not demonstrate significant short- term effect for pain intensity, but there was some improvement in pain at one year follow-up but not at short term (very low) or long-term (long-term) time points (low to very low) points. Of the two studies that used LASBI as an addition to rehabilitation treatment, the only study that measured pain outcomes showed no improvement in the pain scores. Eight other studies compared the effects of the treatment to other treatments, but found no differences in pain. Most of these were of low or very low quality, and most of them did not look at the same treatments used in the same way in the other studies. One trial (36 people) compared a local anaesthetic block with a corticosteroid and a dose of the same agents into the subcutaneous space, and found that this was no more or less effective than the same treatment. There was no difference in the amount of pain experienced by the people who received the block compared to those who did not receive the block. There were no adverse events reported in any of the trials. The main results are the same as in the previous version of this review, and the main conclusions are unchanged. There is a lack of high-quality, well-conducted, and well-designed studies that have been done in this area, so it is not possible to draw firm conclusions about the effectiveness or safety of this treatment.
We found 14 trials with 2488 adults with Bell's palsy. Most were small, and most were at high or unclear risk of bias. We found that antivirals and corticosteroids may have little or no effect on rates of recovery in people with mild to severe Bell's patellar palsy, but the results were imprecise and we could not rule out the possibility of no effect. There was no clear benefit from the use of antiviral drugs alone compared to corticostimulants alone, but there was also no clear difference between the two groups in terms of adverse events. Antivirals plus corticoid tablets may have reduced the number of long-term side-effects, but we were not able to tell whether this was due to the fact that we did not know which drug was being used. We did not find any clear differences in adverse events between the groups. We also found no clear differences between the drugs used to treat people with severe Bell’s palsy compared to those who did not take the drugs. We included four new studies at this update. We were able to combine data from 1592 participants in four studies, and we found that the combination of the drugs had no clear effect on the occurrence of side-side-effects. However, we did find that people who took the drugs did not have as many side-recovery events as those who were not on the drugs compared to people who had not been on the medicines. We could not tell if this was down to chance, or whether the drugs were more or less effective than those who took them alone. We judged the certainty of the results to be low or very low.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing LHRH agonists (leuprorelin, treosulfan, decapeptyl) versus placebo (a placebo) in women with platinum-refractory EOC. We found two RCTs, with 97 women. One study (Du Bois 2002) looked at the use of leuproilin in relapsed EOC in comparison with a chemotherapeutic agent (treosulfans). The other RCT (Currie 1994) compared the same drug (decapeptol) with a placebo (currie 1994). We found that there may be little or no difference in overall survival (OS) (hazard ratio (HR) 0.98, 95% 95% CI 0.58 to 1.67; very low-quality evidence) or progression-free survival (PFS) at six and 12 months (RR 0.61, 95%) and RR 0.12 to 3.66 (very low-risk of bias). The duration of follow-up was 2.5 years and quality of life (QoL) was not reported in this study. Alopecia (hair loss) and fatigue (foggy hair) were more common with treosulphuric acid (a drug used in the treatment of EOC) than with the other drug. There may be no difference between the two drugs in other Grade 3/4 side effects (nausea, vomiting, nausea and nausea), and neutropenia (low white blood cell count). The Currie 1994 RCT, which compared the drug decapointyl with placebo, reported mean PFS of 16 weeks verus 11.2 weeks and PFS at a time point of 16 and 12 weeks, respectively. We did not find any differences between the drugs in any of the outcomes. Overall, we judged the quality of evidence for all outcomes (including OS, PFS, QoL and adverse events) to be very low. Adverse events were not reported (no adverse events were found in the decapertyl group, but not in the placebo group). Based on this evidence, there is not enough evidence to say whether or not these drugs are safe and effective in EOCs.
We found 17 trials that looked at the effect of inhaled nitric oxide (iNO) in term and near-term infants with hypoxia. Ten trials compared iNO with a placebo (placebo) or standard care without iNO in infants with a range of severity of illness (Ninos 1996; Roberts 1996; Wessel 1996; Davidson 1997; Ninos 1997; Mercier 1998; Christou 2000; Clark 2000; INNOVO 2007; Liu 2008). One trial (Mercier 1998) did not allow back-up treatment with iNO for infants who continued to be sick after the end of treatment but did not have a diaphragm hernia. This trial compared both preterm and term infants but reported most of the results separately for the two groups. We found that babies who received iNO were less likely to die or to need ECMO. They were more likely to be able to breathe on their own and had less need for ECMO than those who did not receive iNO. We did not find any evidence that iNO was more or less effective than other treatments. Infants who were given iNO at a low dose (20 ppm) were more than twice as safe as those who were not. We also found no differences in the risk of death or use of ECMO between those who had iNO and those not. The number of deaths was 5.3 times less in the babies who were in the iNO group and the number of infants who had ECMO was 5 times less. We were able to combine the results of the trials to show that infants who were on iNO did not need to be put back on the ventilator for at least 24 hours after the start of treatment. We could not be sure if this was due to the fact that some of the babies had a hernia and some did not, but we could not rule out the possibility that this was the cause of the difference in the numbers of deaths or the need for an ECMO in the infants. We are not able to say whether this is due to a lack of clear echocardiographic (echocardial) evidence of a baby’s high blood pressure (PPHN) but this does not seem to have an effect on the babies’ ability to breathe. We judged the quality of the evidence to be of high or very low.
This is an update of a review that was first done in 2007. We searched for all the relevant trials up to May 2013. We found 15 studies with a total of 14,437 people. The evidence is up to date as of May 2014. We did not find any studies that looked at the use of lumbar support for the treatment of low-back pain. We were able to combine the results from eight studies (1361 people) and found that there was no difference in the number of people who had low back pain compared to those who did not have low- back pain. There was also no difference between those who had high back pain and those who were not. The quality of the studies was low, and we could not be sure whether any of them were of high or low risk of bias. There is still a need for high quality randomised randomised trials on the effectiveness of this intervention. One of the most important issues to tackle in these trials seems to be the realization of an adequate compliance.
We found 57 studies with 16,784 catheters and 11 types of impregnations. Most of the participants were adults over the age of 18 years, and most were in intensive care units (ICU) or oncology (oncology) units. Most studies were conducted in the USA, and some were done in the UK. We found that catheter impregnations reduced catheter-related blood stream infection (CRBSI), with an ARR of 2% (95% CI 3% to 1%), RR of 0.62 (95' CI 0.52 to 0.74) and NNTB of 50 (high-quality evidence). Catheters were impregnated more than twice as often as non-impregnated CVCs, with an RCT of 9% and RR of 10% (90% CI 12% to 7%) and NCT of 11 (low-to-high-risk of bias). We found no differences between the impregnation groups in the rates of adverse effects, such as thrombosis/thrombophlebitis, bleeding, erythema and/or tenderness at the insertion site. There were low or unclear risks of bias in most of the studies, and it was not possible to be sure whether participants were aware of which group they were in due to the way the CVC was placed in, or the way it was put in. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all of the main outcomes, but we did not find any evidence of bias for any of the other outcomes. We also found that the magnitude of the effect of impregnation on the occurrence of CRBSI and the number of infections in the catheter varied by the type of CVC used in the study. There was no difference in the risk of death from any cause, all-cause mortality, or catheter-related infections. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. We included one new study (338 participants/catheters) in this update, which brought the total of the trials to 57. The total number of participants in the trials was unclear, as some studies did not provide this information. Most participants were from the US, and included adults over 18 years of age. Most were in the ICU, and a few were in haematological and oncological units. We did not identify any studies that looked at the effects of the use of antimicrobials in the treatment of people with cancer or other types of cancer. The evidence is current to May 2015.
We searched for evidence up to May 2016. We found 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 9261 infants and children and 3664 pregnant women. The trials took place in Bangladesh, India, and Peru. The studies were of high risk of bias for 11 studies and of low risk for four RCTs. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2015. The results of this review are up to date as of April 2016. All the trials were in poor urban or peri-urban settings. The interventions were in the form of food, nutrition, and education. All of the interventions had to be done in the home or in the community. Six of the studies were adapted to the urban context and the other six were adapted in a way that made them more relevant to the household, community, or'systems strengthening' context. We did not find any evidence that any of the different types of interventions were more or less effective than the others. There was no difference in the number of children who were able to walk to school, or the length of the day they spent in school. There were no differences in the amount of time children spent in bed, or how often they had to eat. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. The main results of the review were that there was little or no difference between the interventions in terms of whether or not they had an effect on growth, weight, or length of life, and there was no evidence of an effect of any of them on growth or weight. We also found that there were no clear differences between the ways in which the interventions were done. We concluded that there is a need for more research in this area. More research is needed to assess the effects of the use of multi-sectorial interventions, such as nutrition-specific and sensitive methods and programmes, as well as the impact of 'up-stream' practices and policies of governmental, non-governmental, and the business sector on nutrition-related outcomes such as stunting.
Twelve RCTs (1023 adults) with venous leg ulcers were included in this review. There was no difference in the number of ulcers that healed at 12 to 16 weeks when foam dressers were compared with hydrocolloid dressers or polyurethane dressers (three trials). Pooled data from five trials (418 adults) showed no effect of foam dressing on the amount of time that the ulcers healed, or on the rate at which the ulcer healed. There were no differences in the percentage of people who had adverse events when the foam dressings were used, or when the wound dressing was compared with other wound dressings (one RCT for each comparison). Six of the studies were at high risk of bias, and the other six were at low risk. No included RCT had an overall low-risk of bias. The evidence in this area is of low quality.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing the use of celecoxib and etoricoxib in adults with IBD with rheumatoid arthritis or ulcerative colitis or Crohn's disease. We found two RCTs with 381 IBD patients. One RCT (159 patients) compared etricoxib (60 to 120 mg/day) to placebo in IBD adults with quiescent or active IBD. The other study (222 patients) used celecoxic (200 mg twice a day) to treat IBD in patients with quieptic colitis. Both studies were judged to be at low risk of bias. There was no difference in the number of patients who had an IBD flare-up after 12 weeks of treatment in the etoracoxib group compared to 19% (15/77) in the placebo group. A GRADE analysis showed that the quality of the evidence for this outcome was low due to very sparse data (29 events). There was also very low quality of evidence for exacerbation of IBD after two weeks of use in the celecoxi group (5/112) compared to 6% (7/110) of patients in the treatment group (RR 0.70, 95% CI 0.23 to 2.14). There were 12 events in each group (12 events). The results for adverse events (AEs) were uncertain due to the very low number of data (24 events). GI AEs led to the withdrawal from the study in 3% and 11% of patients (21% and 17%, respectively, P > 0.20). No patients in either group died or had serious adverse events. No patients had any adverse events related to heart disease or stroke. No adverse events were found with rofecoxib or valdecoxib. We did not find any studies that looked at other COX-2 inhibitor drugs. There were no studies that assessed the tolerability or safety of the other drugs withdrawn from the market.
We found 22 trials with a total of over 2310 participants (one study did not report the number of participants). The trials mostly had small numbers of participants (from 4 to 317) and relatively short follow-up periods (4 to 24 weeks). At baseline, six trials included only people with ulcers that were infected; one trial included both people with infected ulcers and uninfected ulcers; and the other 13 trials did not include people with non-infected ulcer ulcers. The trials used a wide range of antimicrobials (e.g. silver, iodides), super-oxidised aqueous solutions, zinc hyaluronate, silver sulphadiazine, tretinoin, pexiganan cream, chloramine, and chloramine. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. We found five trials with 945 adults with ulcerative colitis that compared the use of antimicrobial dressing with a non-antimicrobial dressing, and we found that more wounds may heal when the wound was treated with an antimicrobial dressing than when it was not. These results are based on an average of 119 healing events per 1000 participants (95% CI 51 to 191 more). We considered this to be very low-certainty evidence (downgraded twice due to risk of bias and imprecision). We also found that there was little or no difference in the risk of adverse events or other outcomes between the treatment groups. We did not find any data on wound-heal and wound-respiration. We are uncertain about the relative effects of the antimicrobial treatments for each of our review outcomes for this comparison, that is wound healing, resolution of infection, surgical resection, and adverse events (all very low certainty). Topical antimicrobial agents compared with systemic antibiotics: We found four studies with 937 adults with colorectal ulcers, but these studies did not have enough data to be able to tell us whether or not any of the treatments were better or worse than the other treatments. We judged the certainty of the evidence to be low or very low, and the 95% CIs spanned benefit and harm. We considered the certainty to be moderate for wound healing and very low for wound resection and side-side-effects. Topical antibiotics compared with growth factor: We included one study with 40 adults, but we could not be sure whether this was a good or a bad result. The evidence was of very low or low certainty, and there were too few trials to be sure about the results. We were not able to combine the results of the other comparisons in this review. We rated the quality of the results as very low.
This is an update of a review published in 2013. We found six studies with a total of 5193 children. We did not find any new studies for this update. We included six studies that involved 5193 participants. The evidence is up to date as of May 2016. We compared the effect of zinc in children aged six to 12 years. The results showed that the use of zinc was associated with a reduction in the risk of the occurrence of pneumonia and the prevalence of the disease. We also found that children who took zinc were less likely to be diagnosed with pneumonia. We were able to combine the results of the studies and found that the effect was similar in children who did not take zinc and those who did. However, we could not be sure whether this was due to the way in which the results were calculated.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of children with LRTIs. We found 10 RCTs with 33,179 participants. Eight of the RCT studies found no effect of vitamin A on the risk of acute LRTI, or on the occurrence of symptoms of symptoms. Vitamin A caused an increase in the number of children who had diarrhoea, cough and fever in one RCT, and increased symptoms of cough and rapid breathing in the other RCT. Three of the studies did not show a protective effect of the vitamin A in children who did not have diarrhoeal illness. Two of the trials did show that the use of a low dose of low-dose vitamin A may be more effective than a high dose of high-dose, but these results are based on a very small number of studies. The results of this review are not conclusive.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of the use of theophylline in adults with COPD. We found 20 RCTs with a mean age of 65 years or over. The average age of the people in the studies was 65 years. They were followed up for at least six months. Concomitant treatment varied from none to any other bronchodilator plus inhaled corticosteroid (oral and inhaled). The results of this review showed that people who were treated with theophyline did not have as many side effects as those who were not. They did not suffer as much from breathlessness or dizziness, and did not experience as much nausea as those not on the drug. There was a very low dropout rate in the trials that could be included in this review, which may have been due to the fact that many of the patients were well-known to be well-tolerant.
We found 10 studies with 439 children aged 1 year to 18 years. We found that children who took part in the trials were able to eat more of their egg (1 g to 7.5 g) compared to those who did not take part. Most of the children (82%) in the treatment group could eat a full serving of egg compared to 10% in the control group. We also found that more than half (45%) of children in the group that took part could take a full dose of their food (1.5 to 2.5 grams) compared with 10% of those that did not. We did not find any studies that looked at children who were not able to take their food because they were allergic to egg, but we did find some that did look at this question. We were unable to combine the results of the trials because there were too few of them, and some had flaws in the way they were done. Overall, we judged the quality of the evidence to be low, mainly due to the small numbers of children and events, and the fact that some of the results were imprecise.
We found four studies with a total of 579 participants. The evidence is up to date as of May 2016. We found no evidence of a difference in the risk of long-term death between those who received ILR implantation and those who were not. We did not find any evidence that an ILR-based approach led to a greater risk of death in the long term compared to those who did not have ILR. There was also no evidence to show that the use of ILR led to an increased risk of aetiologic diagnosis as compared to a non-involving approach. The quality of the evidence was very low due to the lack of data on adverse events in one of the studies' arms, so we were not able to draw conclusions about this outcome. Data from two studies seemed to show a trend towards a reduction in syncope relapses after the implantation of the ILR, but we could not be sure of this finding due to differences in both the scores used and the way the data were analysed. We also found that people who had ILR implants were more than twice as likely to have an arrhythmic test in the short term as those who had not. The number of people who died was the same in both groups, but there was no difference between the groups in terms of the length of follow-up. We were unable to find any differences in the number of deaths in the group with ILR and those with no ILR in the control group. We could not find evidence that ILR was more or less likely to cause a heart attack, stroke, or to cause death. There were no data on short-term all-cause deaths. Two of the four studies did not report on side-effects after implantation. We judged the quality of evidence to be of moderate to very low. The main reason for this was that there were too few people in the studies to be able to be sure that the results were the same.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of different types of sclerosant agents for the treatment of hydrocoeles. We found four RCTs with a total of 275 adults with 282 adults with hydroceles. They were randomised to treatment with sclerotherapy (155 adults with 159 patients) or surgery (120 adults with 123 patients). All studies were assessed as having low or unclear risk of bias for the way in which they were carried out. We did not find any evidence of bias in any of the studies. There were no differences between the treatment groups in terms of cure rate in the short-term or long-term. There was a significant increase in recurrences of the disease in those who received scleroscopy compared with those who did not have sclerophosphatylic acid (sclerosic acid). There was no difference in the rate of haematoma formation between the groups, but this was not clear from the results. We were not able to pool the results due to the way the studies were done. We could not combine the results of the trials because of the way they were done, but we were able to combine the data from one of them. There is a need for more well-designed and well-conducted studies to assess the effect of the use of different type of sclera agents, sclerosing solution concentration and injection volume for the care of people with this type of disease. It is important that the studies have a large sample size and long follow-up period. The results of these studies should be reported in a way that is consistent across the trials.
We found one RCT that compared nebulised recombinant human deoxyribonuclease (rhDNase) with placebo in 40 children with airway malacia and a respiratory tract infection. We assessed it to be of low risk of bias. We found that there was no difference in the number of children who were free of coughs at the end of the study compared to those who received the same dose of rhDNase. However, the mean change in night time cough diary scores was better in the placebo group than in the nebulise group. The mean changes in day-time cough and day-night cough were also better in those who were on nebulises, but the difference between groups was not significant. Other outcomes (dyspnoea, and difficulty in expectorating sputum scores, and lung function tests at two weeks) were similar in both groups but did not reach levels of significance. It is not clear whether the use of rh DNase worsens recovery in children with severe life-threatening illness with tracheomalacia. For those with less severe disease, RCTs on interventions such as antibiotics and chest physiotherapies are clearly needed. Outcomes of these trials should include measurements of the trachea and physiological outcomes in addition to clinical outcomes.
We found 21 studies with 2658 adults with a range of ages from 18 to 65 years of age. All studies assessed the effectiveness of some form of treatment for people with somatoform disorders or MUPS. We did not find any studies that looked at the effects of other types of treatment. We found that people who had been in the same group for at least one year were more than twice as likely to have milder symptoms at the end of treatment compared with those who had not been in treatment. People who were in the treatment group were more likely to be able to cope with their symptoms, and were less likely to drop out of the group. People in the group who were not in the control group were less willing to take part in treatment, and more people dropped out than those in the groups in which they were in control. Most of the studies were at high risk of bias, which means that they may have been influenced by the way they were carried out. This means that we are not able to be sure that they were done in a way that did not result in bias. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. We included 21 studies in this review. All of them were conducted in the USA, with a total of 2658 people. The studies were of high quality, and all were well-conducted. The number of sessions ranged from one to 13, over a period of one day to nine months, and the duration of follow-up ranged from two weeks to 24 months. The duration of symptoms was at least at least several years, and most of the trials were long-term. There was a high chance of bias due to the way in which the study was done and the way it was carried out, so we could not be sure of the results. We also found that there was a lot of variation in the way that the results were measured, so it was not possible to draw any firm conclusions about the effect of any of the different types of treatments. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. We judged the overall quality of evidence to be of low or very low, mainly due to a lack of blinding of the researchers, therapists, and outcome assessors.
We searched for evidence up to May 2016. We included 63 RCTs in the review, but we were only able to synthesize data on regional anaesthesia for the prevention of PPP beyond three months after surgery from 39 studies, enrolling a total of 3027 patients. We did not find any studies that looked at other types of surgery, such as limb amputation, hernia repair, cardiac surgery and laparoscopy. We found that there is some evidence that the use of local anaesthetics may reduce the risk of having PPP after three to 18 months after thoracotomy and three to 12 months after caesarean section. We could not pool evidence for adverse effects because the studies did not look at them systematically, and did not report them in a way that we could combine them. There was a high risk of bias in a number of studies, and there was a lack of blinding in a few studies. We concluded that there was moderate-quality evidence that regional anaesthetic may help to prevent PPP three to six months after breast cancer surgery. There is low- or no-confidence in the findings of this review due to the small size of the studies and the way in which they were done. Larger, high-quality studies, including children, are needed.
Twenty-eight trials with a total of 1742 participants were found. The drugs were first-generation antipsychotics (flupenthixol decanoate, haloperidol, thiothixene), second-generation drugs (aripirazole, olanzapine, ziprasidone), mood stabilisers (carbamazepine, valproate semisodium, lamotrigine, topiramate), and antidepressants (amitriptyline, fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, phenelzine sulfate, mianserin), and supplements (omega-3 fatty acid) were tested. All drugs were well tolerated in terms of the number of people who dropped out of the trials. The results of this review are up-to-date as of May 2016. The evidence is up to date as of April 2016. First- and second-gen antipsychotic drugs were compared with each other, and with other drugs (e.g. topiramine, chlorpromazine, amitripyline) or with other types of drugs (dissipative drugs), and with different types of mood stabilising drugs. The use of these drugs was assessed in the short-term, but the long-term use of the drugs has not been assessed. There was a possible increase in self-harming, sedation, and changes in haemogram parameters with the use of topirame. There were no serious side effects of any of the medicines. The only study that looked at the effects of the drug treatment on the severity of BPD was conducted in adults with BPD, and it did not show any differences between the drugs compared to each other or with any other drugs. However, it did show that there was an increase in weight gain and sedation with topiramate, and a decrease in body weight with the other drugs compared. The other drugs were not well-taken, and there was no evidence that any of them were more or less safe than the others. There is a need for more randomised, well-conducted, and well-designed randomised controlled trials to be done to find out which drugs work best for BPD.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared washout with no washout. We found seven RCTs with a total of 349 participants. Three were cross-over and four were parallel-group trials (randomised controlled studies). Of these, two trials were added for this update (one RCT with 40 patients and one RCT in 67 patients). Analyses of three cross-group RCT trials yielded suboptimal results because they were based on between-group differences rather than participants' differences for sequential interventions. We are uncertain if washout solutions (saline or acidic) compared to no washouts have an effect on the rate of symptomatic urinary tract infection or length of time each catheter was in situ because the results are imprecise. One trial compared different types of washout solution (stronger versus weaker) and we are not sure if the type of acidity of the washout (acidic solution) had an important effect on how long each catheters were in place or how often they were in use. Only one of the trials was free of flaws in the way it was done, but there were problems with the way in which it was carried out. Only 14 out of 25 participants (out of 25 who were recruited) took part in this 12 week, three arm trial. There were also problems with how the study was run and how it was run. We were not able to tell whether washout was better or worse than washout, or whether there was a difference in the amount of blood in the washouts, or if there were any harmful side effects. We did not find any studies that looked at the use of washouts compared to washouts. The quality of the evidence was low or very low because of the small size of the studies and the way they were done.
We found 30 studies (18,682 participants in total). Eighteen studies (14,573 survivors) looked at the effect of cancer on fatigue, and 22 studies (13,952 survivors) assessed the impact of cancer treatment on fatigue. We found substantial differences in the type of cancer, the age of the children, and the way in which they were treated. We were able to combine the results of 18 of the studies, but we could not combine them because of the way they were done, and we did not have enough data to be able to pool the results. Eighteen of the 20,000 children in the 18,000-year-old group were aged 16 years or over, and 12 of them were over 18 years of age. We did not find any studies that looked at children aged up to 18 years, or those aged 16 and over, or people with other types of cancer. We could not be sure how many of the people in the studies were affected by fatigue, but it is not clear how many were more or less tired than those who were not in the same group. One study looked at people with brain cancer, and found that they were more tired than people with bone cancer. They found that depression might be associated with fatigue. In contrast, age at the time of the cancer diagnosis and education level did not seem to be related to fatigue. One of the trials looked at fatigue over time. It found that over the course of 2.7 years, 32 of the 102 participants (31.4%) were tired over time, and 32 of these were tired for at least one day a week for at the end of the study. It is not known how many children with cancer who have been treated for their cancer are tired, but not as tired as those who have not had their cancer treated. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. The evidence is current to May 2017.
We found 36 trials with 6914 people. There was variation in the type of antibiotics used, patient characteristics and risk of RTIs and death in the control groups. There were also differences in the amount of time patients were in intensive care and the number of days they were in the intensive care unit. We found that the use of a combination of topical and systemic antibiotics reduced the risk of respiratory tract infections and death, but not overall death. The risk of resistance to these drugs occurring as a result of antibiotic use was not explored in one of the trials.
This is an update of a review that was last updated in 2013. We found five studies that examined the use of physical restraints in geriatric long-term care. All of them were conducted in nursing homes. One of them was in a group home and the other three were in group homes. Four of the studies were done in the nursing home setting and one was in the group home setting. The other three studies were in a nursing home and group home settings. The results of the study in the home setting showed an increase of PR use in both groups after eight months, while the other studies found reduced use of PR in the intervention groups after seven and 12 months of follow up. There was no change in PR use after six months in the control group. The one study in group dwelling units did not show a change in use. There is not enough evidence to say whether or not this type of treatment works in the long term care setting.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing the use of glucocorticoid during IVF/ICSI with placebo (a fake drug). We found four RCTs with a total of 416 women. The evidence is up to date as of May 2016. The trials compared the use or non-use of a drug to increase the chance of live birth rate (the chance of giving birth to a baby) in women who were in the first stage of IVF. There was no difference between the groups in the number of live births or in the percentage of women who had a live birth. We did not find any evidence of a difference in the chances of having a baby. We found no evidence of an increase in the risk of multiple-pregnancy rate (pregnant with more than one child) or miscarriage rate. We were not able to combine the results of the trials to see if there was a difference between groups in any of the outcomes we looked at. One of the studies was at low risk of bias due to the way it was done, but the other was at high risk because of the way in which it was carried out. The results of this review are current to May 2015.
We found eight trials (291 adults with CF aged five to 23 years) in this review. We found that rhGH treatment may improve some of the symptoms of CF, but there was no difference between the dose of rhGH used in the trials (low- to very low-quality evidence). We found no evidence of a change in the level of blood glucose in people predisposed to CF-related diabetes. There was some evidence of improvement in height, weight and lean body mass with rhGH, but again, there were no differences between dose levels. We did not find any evidence of an increase in the risk of death or serious side-effects. The number of people who had a flare-up of CF was similar in all but one of the trials. There were no deaths or major side-side-effects reported in any of the studies. The evidence is up to date as of May 2016. The trials lasted for one year, six months and six months. Six of the eight trials were of short-term (one year or six months) and one was of three-arm (63-year-old) design. One of the three trials was of low-dose (0.3 mg/kg/week) dose and the other was of high dose (1.5 mg per week) dose (2.5mg/kg per week). There was no data from the other three trials. When compared with no treatment, rhGH was found to be effective in some measures, but not in others. Some measures of pulmonary function showed improvement, but no change was seen across all trials. The results of this review are limited by the short duration of trials and the small number of participants. There is some evidence that there may be an improvement in blood glucose levels, but this did not lead to a rise in the number of patients with diabetes in the studies of short duration. No changes in quality of life, clinical status or side-effect were observed in this study due to the small size of the study. One small trial did not show a clear improvement in the amount of time a person was able to exercise (very low- to low- quality evidence). None of the included trials have looked at the cost of the treatment. Long-term, well-designed randomised controlled trials are required to assess the long-term benefits and harms of RhGH in people with CF.
We found 26 studies with a total of 1,695 people who had been exposed to low-molecular weight agents for at least six months. We found that people who were not exposed to the agent were more likely to be able to breathe in the same amount of air as those who were. We also found that they were less likely to have a flare-up of their asthma, and they were more able to do their work. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of reducing the amount of low-measured weight agents they were exposed to, or how long they had to be exposed to them, or whether they were changed to a new job. We were able to combine the results from 18 of the 26 studies that we found to show that removal from exposure may be better than continued exposure, and it may be more effective than reducing the level of exposure. It may also be more helpful to reduce the dose of the agent used in the workplace, but it may not be as good as reducing the dose. We could not tell from the results of the studies whether or not people were more or less able to breath in the air, and we were not able to tell if they had more or fewer flare-ups of their symptoms, or if there was a greater or less chance of a flare up of their cough or wheezing. The quality of the evidence is very low for all outcomes. We judged the results to be of very low or very low risk of bias.
We found six trials with a total of 1758 adults aged 48 to 57 years, with a mean age of 73 years. All were from the outpatient setting and had nonerosive reflux disease or milder grades of esophagitis (LA grade A or B). Five trials investigated on-demand deprescribing and one trial examined the use of PPI in the short-term. There was low-to-long-term risk of a lack of symptom control in those who used PPI for a short time, but there was also low- to very low-risk of a loss of symptoms in the long-term if they stopped using PPI. We did not find evidence that PPI was better than no PPI, but we did find that there was a reduction in the amount of pill use per week with PPI use. We also found that people who stopped taking their PPI may have been less satisfied with their pill use. None of the trials looked at cost/resource use.
We found 13 trials with a total of975 people with a range of ages and ages. Most of the trials were in China. We found that social skills training may improve the social skills of people with schizophrenia and reduce relapse rates, but at present, the evidence is very limited with data rated as very low quality. We also found that rates of relapse and rehospitalisation were lower for social skills compared to standard care (relapse: 2 RCTs, 263, RR 0.52 CI 0.34 to 0.79, very low evidence), (rehospitalisation: 143) and people’s mental state results (1 RCT, 91, MD -4.01 CI -7.52 to -0.50) were better in the group receiving social skills programmes. Quality of life was also improved in the groups receiving the training compared to those who did not receive the training. However, when social skills were compared to a discussion group group, we found no differences between the groups. When social skills was compared to discussion there was no difference on patients outcomes. We did not find any differences in the quality of life of the group who received the training or the group that did not. Whether social skills can be used in other settings remains unclear and should be investigated in a large multi-centre randomised controlled trial.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing pegloticase with placebo in adults with gout. We found one RCT with 225 adults with tophi who were randomised to one of three groups: one group received peglotreatment every two weeks (biweekly) and the other group received a placebo (monthly). The other group did not have to take part in the RCT. We did not find any other RCTs that looked at other treatments for gout, such as surgery to remove the tophi. The results of this RCT showed that pegloidase was effective in the treatment of tophi, but there was a high risk of adverse events in all groups. Pegloticase administered biweekly resulted in more withdrawals due to adverse events than placebo (15/85 compared with 1/43 compared with placebo). Pegloidase administered monthly also led to more adverse events (16/84 in the pegliotropic group compared with one in the placebo group). Most of the adverse events were due to flare-ups of gout that were not related to the drug treatment per se, and this may explain the high rate of side effects in those who were treated with the drug, who were not in the same group as those who did not receive the drug. We were not able to combine the results of the other studies in this review because they were at low risk of bias. However, there is a need for more RCT data in this area.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) on the use of oral immunoglobulin for the prevention of NEC. We found five RCTs with a total of 2095 neonates. Three of the trials were from the USA, one was from the UK, one from the Netherlands, and one was based in the USA. The other two were from Australia and one from Brazil. The results of the three studies were inconclusive and did not show a difference in the risk of NEC between infants who received IgG or IgG/IgA alone and those who did not receive IgG alone. There were no trials of oral IgA alone. Based on the evidence, we conclude that there is insufficient evidence to show that oral use of IgG and IgA for the treatment of NEC is safe or effective.
This is a Cochrane review of five RCTs that looked at the effects of chemotherapy after hysterectomy and radiotherapy in 2197 women with advanced breast cancer. Four of the five trials compared the use of platinum-based chemotherapy in combination with radiotherapy. One of the four trials used a new type of chemotherapy and the other two used a newer form of chemotherapy. The results of this review show that post-surgery use of a new form of platinum based chemotherapy reduces the risk of death at any time point by a quarter. This means that the chance of being dead at any point in time is reduced by a third. The risk of the first recurrence of the cancer outside the pelvis is also reduced by 5%. The analysis of pelvic recurrence rates is underpowered but the trend suggests that chemotherapy may be less effective than radiotherapies but it may have added value when used with other types of treatment.
We found 35 studies, from a wide range of countries on six continents. Nineteen of these were in low- and middle-income settings and sixteen were in high-income countries. Some of the studies explored the views of people who had experienced the interventions, whereas others were hypothetical in nature, asking what people felt they would like from a digital health intervention. We found that clients' experiences of these types of programmes were mixed. Some felt that these programmes provided them with feelings of support and connectedness, as they felt that someone was taking the time to send them messages. They also described sharing the messages with their friends and family. However, clients also pointed to problems when using these programmes. Some had poor access to cell networks and to the internet. Others had no phone, had lost or broken their phone, could not afford airtime, or had changed their phone number. The cost of messages could also be a problem, and many thought that messages should be free of charge. Language issues as well as skills in reading, writing, and using mobile phones could be a concern. Clients dealing with stigmatised or personal health conditions such as HIV, HIV/AIDS, or abortion care were also concerned about their use of these programmes, and some were able to deal with these issues, such as using neutral language and tailoring the content, timing, and frequency of messages (high confidence). Clients' views about who sent the messages could influence their views of the programme (moderate confidence). For an overview of the findings and our confidence in the evidence, please see the 'Summary of qualitative findings' tables. Our review shows that many of the trials did not try to address the problems we identified, although this may have been a reporting issue. Our results are up to date as of May 2016.
Twenty-three studies with 2467 people were included in this review. Comparing methadone with any other drug, we found that there was no difference between the two drugs in terms of the number of people who completed treatment, number of participants who stopped taking their drugs, or the amount of time they spent abstinent from the drug, but there were more drop-outs in the group that was treated with the drug. We did not find any differences between the drugs used to treat the drug use in the other groups. We found that when we looked at the drugs that were used to help people to stop the use of the drugs they were on, they were no more or less effective than those that were not on the drugs. We also found that more people dropped out of the treatment group when they were compared with those who were on the drug that was not on their own. We were not able to pool data for the last two outcomes, so we were unable to combine the results. We concluded that the drugs in the included in the review are the same as those used in other drugs to treat drug use.
This is a Cochrane review of nine studies with 1109 adults with opioid-use disorder. The results of this review show that people with opioid use disorder who are under heavy sedation are more likely to have adverse events than those who are on light sedation. There is a greater risk of adverse events with heavy, compared to light, sedation, and probably with this approach compared to other forms of detoxification. The high cost of anaesthesia-based approaches, both in terms of money and time spent in the intensive care unit, means that this form of treatment should not be used.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) on the use of the drug molindone in adults with schizophrenia. We found 14 RCTs, with a mean age of 65 years, that compared this drug with other typical antipsychotics. We did not find any evidence that it was any more or less effective than other drugs, but it did cause more weight loss. The strength of the evidence relating to this compound is limited, owing to the small sample size, poor study design, and lack of data.
We found 20 studies with a total of 2125 adults with melasma. We found that there was a high risk of bias in the way the trials were done and the way they were done. We did not find any evidence that any of the treatments were more or less effective than the other treatments. The quality of the trials was poor and the number of trials was too few to be able to draw any firm conclusions. We also found that people who had been treated with tretinoin were more than twice as likely to have lightening of their skin compared to those who had not been treated. They were also less likely to experience any side effects such as skin irritation, itching, burning, and stinging.
Twelve trials, with 1319 adults aged 18 to 75 years, were included in this review. All were randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and all were at high risk of bias. All studies were a minimum of one year long. All but one of the trials was of low-dose postoperative 5-FU and this one was at high-risk of bias because of the way it was done. The results of this review show that 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) is safe and effective in the first year after trabeculectomy in eyes at high or low risk of failure and those who had surgery for the first time. This means that the number of eyes that failed to open was reduced by 4.1 in the high risk group and by 5.0 in the low risk group. The number of patients who were successful in their surgery was also reduced by a similar amount in the group who received 5-lufurofen. The quality of the evidence was very low, mainly due to the small size of the studies and the fact that only one of them was done in a way that made it more likely to be biased. There was also a high risk that some of the results were influenced by the way the study was done, which may have led to an overestimation of the benefits of 5-fuflurofen compared to those who did not receive it. None of the participants' views of care were reported in any of the RCTs, which means that we are not able to draw any conclusions about the benefits and harms of this type of treatment.
Fifty-five studies with 16,154 adults were found. Long-term use of ICS (more than six months) did not consistently reduce the rate of decline in forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) in COPD patients. There was no effect on the risk of death or the number of people with COPD who died. The use of inhaled corticosteroids did, on the other hand, lead to a lower rate of flare-ups (exacerbations) of COPD in those studies where pooling of data was possible. ICS did not seem to have an effect on quality of life, but it did lead to an increased risk of oropharyngeal candidiasis and hoarseness. In the long-term studies, there was an increase in the occurrence of pneumonia in the ICS group compared to the placebo group. There were no differences between the two groups in terms of number of fractures or bone loss over three years. However, in the long term studies that measured bone loss, there were no major changes in the amount of bone loss in the bone over the three-year follow-up period. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016.
We found 80 trials with 5820 women with dysmenorrhoea. They compared 20 different NSAIDs (18 non-selective and two COX-2-specific) versus placebo, paracetamol or each other. We found no differences between any of the NSAIDs in terms of pain relief or side effects. There was also no difference in the number of women who had side effects (overall side effects). We found that women who took NSAIDs were more than twice as safe as those who did not take them. We did not find evidence that any of these drugs were more or less safe than the other NSAIDs compared with each other, but we could not be sure of this, as most of the trials were based on very few trials. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for most comparisons, mainly due to poor reporting of study methods. Most of the studies were conducted in the USA (59%) and were funded by the drug manufacturer (31%) or by a drug company (4%). We also found that there was not much or no difference between the drugs used in the studies. We were unable to determine which (if any) individual NSAID is the safest and most effective for the treatment of dysmen or rhinocerosus.
We searched for studies that compared high and low levels of PEEP in adults with ARDS. We found seven studies with 2565 adults who had been in the intensive care unit (ICU) for at least 24 hours. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of high or low PEEP levels on the risk of death or the number of ventilator-free days in the ICU. In five of the studies (2417 participants), a comparison was made with the same tidal volume in both groups, but in the other two studies (148 participants), the tidal volume was different between high- and low-level groups. In the main analysis, we found that high levels of high-PEEP did not lead to a greater risk of dying in hospital, nor did it lead to an increased risk of barotrauma, but it did lead to better oxygenation in the first, third, and seventh days. We also found that there was no difference between the groups in terms of the length of time spent in ICU, but we did find that there were more deaths in the low-PEP group than in the high- PEEP group. The quality of the evidence was poor, and we did not see evidence of bias in any of the trials.
We found 42 studies (11,399 patients) including 19 studies from 2010, as well as 23 new studies. Fifteen of these were found to be at risk of bias due to the way in which they were done and the way they were carried out. Overall, there was a significant increase in the need for RRT in the HES group compared to those who were treated with other types of fluid. The risk of AKI based on RIFLE-F (failure) criteria also showed an increase in risk for AKI in those treated with HES products. However, when urine output and creatinine based RIFle-R (risk) tests were excluded, the risk was the same in favour of HES, with a non-significant difference between HES and HES in AKI and RRT outcomes. There were no differences between subgroups for the RRT and RIFL-F based outcomes in sepsis versus non-sepsis groups, high and low dose HES solutions, or high versus low dose treatments (i.e. ≥ 2 L versus < 2 L). There was no difference in the risk of injury in those who received HES versus those who did not receive HES treatment, but there were differences in the number of patients who had to be re-intravenous (recovery) and the amount of blood in their urine. The quality of the studies was good. The evidence is up to date as of May 2014.
We found nine studies with 682 adults with CKD. Seven of the studies compared Rheum officinale with no treatment and the other compared it with captopril, an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACEi) inhibitor. Seven studies were at low risk of bias; three were judged to be at low risks of bias, and two were judged free of bias. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2016. We did not find any data on all-cause deaths or cost of treatment. The quality of the evidence was low.
We searched for studies up to May 2016. We found 13 studies with a total of 2745 adults (51%) with dementia. The IQCODE can be used to assess whether or not a person is at risk of dementia in the general hospital setting, and to assess if they are at risk in the home or in a specialised care home. We also looked at the use of the tool in other parts of the world. We did not find any differences between the two groups in terms of the way the tool was used, or in the way it was used. There was a large amount of variation in the results of the studies, which may have led to some bias. We were able to combine the data from 13 of the 13 studies, and found that the test was more accurate in the hospital setting than in the specialist care home setting. The language of the test did not change, and we found no differences in the test results between the short (16-item) and the long (26-item test) tests. We are not able to draw any conclusions about the long-term use of this tool, as there were too few studies and there was a high risk of bias.
We found three RCTs with 91 adults with stroke who were followed up for at least six months after having a stroke. All three studies were of low to very low risk of bias. All three studies looked at various types and intensities of rehabilitation after a stroke in adults with chronic stroke. There was 'low quality' evidence for mCIMT and'very low quality' and 'low level' quality of evidence for dynamic elbow splinting and the use of occupational therapy. There were no trials that looked at the effect of MD rehabilitation on 'passive function' (caring for the affected limb), caregiver burden, or the individual's priority goals for treatment. We did not find any data on the effects of MD interventions in children and those with lower limb spasticity, or after other focal intramuscular (focal) treatments for stroke. At best, there was low-to-very low-risk of bias in the studies.
We found four trials with 136 adults with chronic HBV after liver transplantation. Two trials compared lamivudine alone versus HBIg alone, and a third trial compared combination treatment with lamvudine and HBIG versus lamvugine alone after one month of use. A fourth trial compared the combination of lamvigoline and hBIg versus lamivugine and adefovir dipivoxil after at least 12-month of use, and the third and the fourth trials compared the combined use of lamovudine-HBIg-hBIg and lamvogoline-adefoviral drugs to lamvagoline alone. All trials were open-labelled, and none of the trials were well designed to show a difference in HBV recurrences. No meta-analyses were carried out, and no meta-analysis was done. We could not draw any conclusions from these trials, and we did not find any evidence that any of the treatments were more or less effective than the other treatments. Large, well-designed, and well-conducted long-term randomised studies are needed.
We searched for studies up to May 2015. We found 15 studies with 1019 adults with LADA who were followed up for three months to 10 years. We did not find any studies that looked at other forms of LADA. We also did not identify any other types of LDA. We included 1060 adults who had LADA and were followed for at least three months. Sulphonylurea (sulphuric acid tablets) with or without metformin did not increase the amount of blood sugar in the blood compared to those who did not take the tablets. There was no difference between the two groups in terms of the number of hypoglycaemic episodes (low blood sugar episodes). We found that the use of sufentanil (a drug that is often used to treat LADA) did not lead to an improvement in blood sugar levels, but it did lead to a greater need for insulin at the end of the follow-up period (two years). We also found that sufetanil with or alone did not improve the blood glucose levels of people with LDA compared to people who took the tablets alone. We were not able to combine the results of the studies as there was a lot of variation in the way they were done and the way in which they were carried out. We could not draw conclusions about the effects of other ways of treating LADA, such as GAD65 (glutamic acid decarboxylase, a drug made with aluminium hydroxide, which is used in the treatment of GAD), as there were too few of them to be able to be used in this area. There were no data on health-related quality of life, complications of diabetes, cost or health service use, death and side effects.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in May 2016. We found 70 RCTs (44,958 participants) with 63 studies (42,784 participants) in the meta-analyses. Outcomes at four or more months after the end of the RCT were assessed. We did not find any studies that looked at the long-term effects of this type of intervention. We also did not look at the short-term impact of this intervention on binge-drinkers. We looked at whether there was a difference in the amount of alcohol consumed or the number of days a week that a binge drinker consumed, or whether there were any differences in the way in which alcohol was consumed. We compared the effects of different types of RCT with each other, and found that there was no difference between the methods used to reduce binge drinking. There were no differences between the ways in which people were taught to drink, or how often they were told to drink. There was no evidence that any of the methods were better than the other, or that they were any more or less safe than the others. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2017. The evidence is up-to-date as of April 2017.
We found three trials with a total of 492 participants who had received 530 THA. One study (81 participants) compared outcomes for people who were randomised to the use of hip precautions, equipment and functional restrictions versus no treatment. There were no incidences of hip dislocation or adverse events in either group during the initial 12 postoperative months. The study did not measure pain, function, HRQOL, re-operation rates or total adverse events. We are not able to say whether or not there was a difference in the risk of hip dislocations, or whether there was any difference between the groups in terms of pain, quality of life, or the number of re-operations. One trial (265 participants; 303 THAs) was of very low risk of bias due to the way in which it was done and the way it was carried out. There was no evidence to support or refute the need for a postoperative programme of reintegration and rehabilitation in the community. The other two trials (265 and 146 participants) were of low to very low quality. One of the studies (265 patients) looked at the effect of providing hip precautions with versus without the prescription of postoperative equipment and restrictions to functional activities. The quality of the evidence was very low. Due to the low quality of evidence, we are not sure if there were any differences in the rate of recuperation, pain, or re-opinions between those who were or were not provided with hip precautions compared to those who did not. We were also uncertain if there was an increase in the chance of hip dysplasia in those who received hip precautions. The second study (146 patients; 146 THAs), which was of low quality, looked at how well people were able to perform their activities of daily life after discharge from hospital. It did not look at pain score, global assessment of treatment success or total side-effects. The third trial (146 people; 146 HTA) compared the provision of an enhanced postoperative education and rehabilitation service on hospital discharge to promote functional ADL compared to a group of people who had not received this service. The results of this study were inconclusive. We did not find any differences between groups in the rates of recurrences of hip or hip dislocations, or in the chances of having a re-open of the hip in the long-term. There is not enough evidence to say if there is a difference between groups when it comes to the amount of time it takes for a person to recover from a hip injury, or how well they are able to do their daily activities after a hip operation. We also do not know if there are any benefits or harms in the way that people who have had hip surgery are re-examined after their hip injury. We do not think there is any evidence to show whether there is more or less chance of a person who has had a hip surgery having a recurration of their hip after having had one or more hip surgeries having a hip or knee surgery after having one or two hip surgery. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2016.
The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2016. We found three well-conducted randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the use of LNG-IUDs with other types of IUDs in women with endometriosis. The evidence is current to May 2015. In two of the three RCTs, there was a reduction in the recurrences of painful periods in the LNG group compared with expectant management. The number of women who were satisfied with their use of the IUD was also higher but did not reach a difference between groups. In one RCT, women who used LNGs had lower pain scores compared with those who used gonadotrophin-releasing hormone agonists but this did not result in a difference in pain scores. There was no difference between the groups in terms of satisfaction with their treatment. In the third RCT there was no change in the number of participants who did not complete the treatment, but there was an increase in the proportion of those who were not satisfied with the treatment. There is a need for more well-designed trials to confirm these findings.
We searched for evidence in May 2016. We found 24 studies, with the majority (20/24) conducted in the USA. All studies were conducted in high-income countries, with adults aged 18 years or over. The majority were done in laboratory settings (14/24), with adults (17/24). The studies were of high-end, well-conducted, and used between-participants designs (19/25). All of the studies were carried out in USA-based research centres. Most studies (4/6) used snack foods or drinks to change the way in which they were placed, and most (18/18) changed the distance at which a snack food or drink was placed from the participants, whilst four studies changed the order of meal components encountered along a line. Most of the trials were of low or very low risk of bias (i.e. there was a chance of bias in the way they were done). We found that people who were exposed to less food and drink were more likely to eat more of the foods they wanted to eat, and less of the other foods they were interested in. We also found that they were more willing to eat the food they wanted, and were less likely to drink the drinks they wanted. We did not find any studies that looked at other types of foods, such as alcohol or tobacco, and did not look at how they were put in the same way. We were able to combine the results from three studies (154 adults) and found a large reduction in the number of people who chose to eat fewer foods and drink less, and a large increase in the amount of food they consumed. We could not be sure whether this was due to chance or not knowing which food they were eating, or whether it was because of the way the food was placed, or because the study was at high risk of being biased. We are not able to say whether this is due to the way that the results were done, or if there were any other problems with the way it was done.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) on the use of antiretroviral drugs for PEP in people who have been exposed to HIV in the workplace. We found only one RCT that looked at the effect of PEP on the risk of HIV seroconversion (infection with HIV virus in the blood). This RCT showed that PEP can be used to treat HIV-infected people who are exposed to the virus in their workplace. There was no difference in the rates at which people were offered prophylaxis with zidovudine after exposure compared to those who did not have PEP. However, people who had PEP were more than twice as likely to have HIV in their blood when they were exposed to it. We did not find any other RCTs looking at other antirhepileptic drugs, such as indinavir, which are commonly used in the treatment of people with HIV. We also found no RCT looking at the effects of other drugs used for the prevention of HIV infection. We concluded that it is unlikely that a RCT will ever be done, and, therefore, on the basis of results from a case-control study, a four-week regimen of Pep should be started as soon as possible after exposure to HIV. There is no evidence to show that a three-drug regimens are more or less effective than a one-drug regimen, but, due to the success of these drugs in treating HIV- infected people, a combination of drugs should be used. The use of occupational PEP is based on evidence from a single RCT. It is also based on data from a small number of studies, and therefore, it is not possible to draw any conclusions from these.
This is an update of a Cochrane review that was first published in 2010. The review found that CBT is a good way to help people with chronic pain to cope with their pain, but there is a lack of evidence to show whether it works for all types of pain. CBT has small to moderate effects on pain, mood and mood, but all except a small effect on mood had disappeared at follow-up. Behavioural techniques have no effects on mood, and there is no evidence that they work for other types of chronic pain. There is no need for more general RCTs to be done to find out which components of CBT work for which type of patient on which outcome/s, and to understand why.
We searched for evidence in May 2016. We found 15 studies with more than 260,000 people. We did not find any studies in low- or middle-income or low-income countries. We searched for studies up to May 2017 and found 10 studies with a total of 64,798 people. All of these were conducted in the USA, Canada, the UK, the Netherlands, the USA and the UK. Five of these studies showed a reduction in the amount of salt consumed per person from pre-intervention to post-intervenation, and one showed an increase in salt intake. We could not tell whether there was a difference between men and women in terms of salt intake, or whether there were any differences in the proportion of men or women who consumed more or less salt than those who did not consume more salt. We were not able to assess the effects of other measures, such as education, place of home, or the type of food they consumed. We also did not identify any adverse effects of these interventions. We rated the quality of the evidence as very low due to the risk of bias in the way the studies were done, as well as variation in the direction and size of effect across the studies.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of drugs to treat sleep bruxism in adults over 18 years of age. We found seven RCTs, with a mean age of 65 years. All studies had a low risk of bias, but four were of uncertain risk. All were small and had a cross-over design. Amitriptyline, bromocriptine, clonidine, propranolol, levodopa (Prolopa®) (one study) and tryptophan (one RCT) were compared with placebo. The results were imprecise and we could not be sure whether any of the drugs were better than or worse than placebo. We did not find any evidence that any of these drugs were more or less effective than placebo in reducing the number of episodes of bruxisia. Clonidine was found to be better than placebo for reducing rapid eye movement (REM) sleep stage and increased the second stage of sleep. However, we were not able to tell whether it was better than other drugs for other sleep-related outcomes. We could not tell whether any side effects were more common with amitriptylines or clonidans. We were unable to tell if any side side effects occurred in the people who were treated with these drugs compared with those who were not. There was not enough evidence to be sure that any side effect was worse than the other drugs.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of omega-3 fatty acids and/or antioxidants in adults with ARDS. We found 10 RCTs with 1015 adults. All were male and all were in their 70s or 80s. All had ARDS and were at high risk of death from any cause. They were followed up for at least six months. We did not find any studies that looked at the effects of the use of these fatty acids on the number of days spent in the intensive care unit (ICU), the length of stay in the ICU, or the amount of time they spent on the ventilator. We are not able to say whether omega-2 fatty acids or omega-4 fatty acids are better than omega-1 and omega-5 fatty acids for reducing the time spent in ICU or the need for ventilators, or whether they are better at helping people to breathe at day 4. We also are not sure whether they help people to breath at day four. We assessed some of the studies as being at risk of bias due to flaws in the way they were done. We judged the quality of the evidence to be very low.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in which people were randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups and asked to answer a series of questions. We found 33 RCTs with a total of 33 people. All but one of the trials were conducted in the USA, and all but one were in the UK. The studies were of low or very low quality, and the methods used to answer the questions were of poor or very poor quality. We were able to combine the results of the studies to show that more questions led to more AEs in those who were asked to do so. However, we were not able to tell whether this was due to the way in which the question was asked, or whether it was because of the way that the people were asked. We did not find any differences in the types of AEs that were found when the question method was used, but we did find that there was a greater risk of under-detecting AEs when the methods were used. There was a risk of not being able to pool the AEs, but this could be due to people not knowing which way to ask the question. We could not tell if this was because there were too few people in the study, or if there was too much variation in the type of question used. We also could not be sure whether there was any difference in the number of people who had at least one AE when the method was compared to the other. We concluded that there is a need for more research in this area, and we would like to find out more about the best way to do this.
We searched for evidence in July 2016. We searched for studies that looked at the effect of nocturnal supervision on the risk of SUDEP in adults with epilepsy. We included one case-control study at serious risk of bias in this review. This study of 154 people with SUDEP and 616 people with no SUDEP found a protective effect for the presence of supervision when a supervising person shared the same bedroom or when special precautions, such as a listening device, were used. This effect was independent of seizure control. We did not find any data on non-SUDEP deaths; changes to anxiety, depression, and quality of life; and the number of people who were in and out of the hospital. We found very low-quality evidence of a preventative effect for noctial supervision against SUDEP. Further research is needed to assess the effectiveness of other interventions, for example seizure-detecting devices, safety pillows, SSRIs, early surgery, and educational programmes, and opiate and adenosine drugs.
We searched for evidence in May 2016 and found 21 studies with 208 adults with cystic fibrosis. The age of participants ranged from seven to 63 years with a wide range of disease severity. All studies compared autogenic drainage to one (or more) other recognised airway clearance technique. One study was of a cross-over design with the rest of the other studies of the same design. The length of the studies ranged from four days to two years. Six of the trials were conducted in the USA, one in the UK and one in Australia. All of the people in the studies were in a stable condition. One of the participants in the study had been hospitalised with an exacerbation of their disease. The other six were in the same group and were of a similar size. The studies were of very low or very low risk of bias due to the way in which they were done and the way they were carried out. The quality of the evidence was generally low to very low. The main reasons for this were the study design, the use of cross-overs and the lack of blindness. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016.
This is a Cochrane Review. We searched for evidence up to May 2015. We found 22 studies with 1060 adults with GAD. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2016. Based on thirteen studies, we found that CBT was more effective than TAU/WL in the short-term treatment of GAD, and in the long-term. We did not find any data on longer-term effects of CBT compared to TAU or WL. We also found no data on other types of psychotherapies, such as non-counseling, which are often used to treat GAD in the USA. The body of evidence comparing CBT with other forms of psychotherapy is small and heterogeneous, which means that we are not able to draw conclusions about which form of treatment is more effective. We recommend that more research is done in this area.
Twelve trials (1,856 women) were included in this review. The trials were a mix of trials in India, Jordan, UK and USA. In five of the trials women had had three or more consecutive miscarriages and in seven women had suffered at least two or more miscarriages. The women were followed up for at least six months after the end of the trial. Most of the studies were at low risk of bias. The evidence is up to date as of May 2016. The results of this review suggest that there may be a small decrease in the number of miscarriages for women given progestogen. There may be little or no difference in the rate of low birthweight and trials did not report on the effects of teratogenic effects or admission to a special care unit. None of the women in the trials had morning sickness, thromboembolic events (blood clots in the veins of the womb) or depression. There was a slight increase in live birth rate for women who received progestogens compared to those who did not, but we are not sure about the effect on the risk of preterm birth because the evidence is very low-quality. No clear differences were seen for the other outcomes, such as neonatal death, birth defects or stillbirth. The quality of evidence was moderate for live birth and very low for other outcomes.
In this review, we found 14 randomised studies with 1298 women. We did not find any studies that assessed other types of psychosocial interventions. We assessed risk of bias in the studies, such as the way in which they were done, the way they were carried out, and how they were run. For the most part, we were not able to assess the quality of the evidence as it was not well done. We found that there was no difference in the risk of pre-term birth rates, adverse events at birth, or low birth weight in women who took part in CM or MIB interventions compared to those who did not take part. There were no differences in the number of women who were able to stop or stop using drugs at the end of treatment compared to women who had not taken part in any of the interventions. There was also no difference between the groups in terms of the amount of time women spent in hospital, or the length of time they spent in the intensive care unit (ICU). There was no change in the rate of drug use in the women in the MIB group compared to the CM group. However, we did find that neonates were more likely to stay in the ICU for a longer time after birth in the CM groups. We also found that women who used psychosococial interventions were less likely to be able to use drugs when they were in the group that did not use them. We were unable to assess whether these women were more or less willing to take part in treatment. We could not tell from the results of the trials we found whether there was any difference in pregnancy or birth rates or adverse events between the two groups. The quality of evidence was low to moderate.
We found 31 studies (44 reports) with a total of 27,071 participants. Transradial approach for diagnostic CA or PCI (or both) in CAD may reduce short-term NACE, cardiac death, all-cause death, bleeding, and access site complications. The risk of death was similar in both groups, but the risk of long-term myocardial infarction (heart attack) was the same in the transradial and transfemoral groups. There was no difference between the groups in the number of people who died or had a heart attack in the short term, but there was a greater chance of death in the long term in the transfemorrhage group. We did not find any differences between the two groups in terms of quality of life. We found no evidence of bias in any of the studies.
We searched for evidence in May 2016. We found only one randomised controlled study (99 people) that looked at the effect of a pneuromusic care team on end-of-life care for people with dementia who had been in hospital for an acute illness. This study was at high risk of bias, in part due to the way in which it was done and the way it was run. This means that we were not able to be sure of the results. We did not pool the results of the trials due to differences in the way they were done and in the settings in which they were carried out. One study (256 people) looked at whether the use of a decision aid reduced the risk of death or the need for a cardiopulmonary resuscitation (cardiopulmination) in people with advanced dementia who were in a nursing home. While this study reported that a plea plan was more likely to be developed for people in the intervention group (risk ratio (RR) 5.84, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.37 to 25.02), the plan was used for only two people, both in the treatment group, while they were in hospital. The pleas were more often used on the day of discharge from hospital (RR 4.50, CI 1.03 to 19.75). We found no evidence that the intervention affected death in hospital or the number of people who had to be put on a ventilator in hospital, but for the latter, event rates were low and the results were associated with a lot of uncertainty. We also found that in this group, intervention surrogates were more likely than those in the control group to discuss feeding options with a clinician (RR 1.57, CI 0.93 to 2.64), but imprecision meant that we could not be sure about both results. There were too few trials to be able to draw any conclusions about the effects of pneu-care on death or other outcomes. There is a need for more research in this area. The fact that there are six studies at the time of this review indicates an increase in interest in this field by researchers, which is welcome and needed.
We found three well-conducted randomised trials with 1166 women with breast cancer who were followed up for at least seven months after surgery. There were no differences in recurrences of the cancer in any of the trials. There was no difference in the number of women who had a recurrence of the tumour or in the length of time it took for the cancer to spread to a new tumour. Women treated with RT did not have a greater risk of anaemia, telangiectasia (redness of the lining of the breast) and pigmentation. Women who had RT before CT had an increased risk of neutropenic sepsis compared with those who had CT after RT, but other measures of toxicity did not change. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016.
We found nine RCTs with a total of 622 adults who were overweight or obese. The trials were conducted in the UK, USA and Canada, and had a short- to medium-term follow-up (up to 24 weeks). Three studies compared CrP plus resistance or weight training with a placebo (dietary supplement). The other RCT was a randomised controlled trial (RCT) that used CrP alone. We found no evidence to show which dose of CrP would be the best for weight loss in adults over 18 years of age. We did not find any evidence that CrP was more or less effective than a placebo for body weight loss, body mass index, body fat, or waist circumference. We also found no data on adverse events. Only three of the nine trials were of low or very low risk of bias. There were no deaths or serious adverse events in any of the studies. There was one serious adverse event in an adult who took 1000 µg CrP, and one in an individual who took 400 µg. Two of the three people who took placebo had to stop the study due to adverse events; one event was reported as serious. No data were found on all-cause mortality, morbidity, health-related quality of life or socioeconomic effects.
We found 11 studies with a total of 886 participants. These evaluated a range of comparisons in a wide range of surgical wounds in adults with SWHSI. Most of the studies were small and some did not present data or analyses that could be used to answer our questions. We found that sucralfate cream increased the likelihood of healing open wounds after haemorrhoid surgery compared to a petrolatum cream over a three week period. There was no clear evidence of a difference in time to wound healing between groups. One study compared a zinc oxide mesh dressing with a plain mesh dressing and found no clear difference in the time it took for wounds to heal. However, there was some difference in measures used to assess wound infection (wound with foul smell and the use of antibiotics) which favoured the zinc oxide group. This was low risk of bias. We also found that honey-soaked gauze healed more wounds than EUSOL gauze over three weeks' follow-up. We did not find any differences in the length of time spent in hospital in the honey group compared to the EUSol group. There is no evidence that any of the antiseptic/antibiotics/anti-biotics/antifungal treatments used to treat SWHSIs are more or less effective than other antiseptics or antibiotics. Where some evidence was found, it was of low or very low quality. This means it is likely or very likely that we will change our estimate of effect, and may change this estimate.
We found five trials with a total of 1049 women. The trials were of low to very low risk of bias. There was no clear evidence of benefit for any of them. For amniocentesis three interventions were evaluated - intramuscular progesterone, hexoprenaline and selecting high or low puncture sites for late 'blind' procedure - each in a single study. The same applies for terbutaline tocolysis and use of continuous vacuum aspiration during CVS. Overall, the quality of evidence summarised in this review is not of sufficient quality to change current practice. In the absence of clear evidence, the operators should continue to use methods and technique modifications with which they are most familiar with.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and non-RCT (non-randomised controlled studies) of wheat flour fortified with folic acid alone or with other micronutrients compared to unfortified wheat flour. We found 10 studies with a total of 1182 adults aged 18 years or over. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2016. We did not find any RCTs that looked at the effects of the use of fortified wheat flour on the number of babies born with brain or spinal cord defects, or on the risk of anencephaly (head or brain size). We found that women who were fed maize porridge (a type of porridge made from maize flour) were more likely to have higher levels of folate in their blood compared to those who did not have this porridge. We also found that people who were given maize flour were more than twice as sure of their folate levels compared to women who had not been fed maize flour. Women of reproductive age were more certain of their iodine levels than those who were not. There was no difference in the amount of haemoglobin or anaemia (blood levels of iron in the blood) or in the level of red blood cells in the body. We were not able to combine the results of the trials to see if there were any differences in the numbers of babies who were born with a brain or brain defect, or whether there was any effect on brain size. We could not be sure of the quality of the evidence for any of the outcomes. The quality of evidence was low or very low due to the way in which the trials were done and the way they were done. We judged the certainty of the results to be very low.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of newborns with CF. We found six RCTs with a total of 1,124,483 newborns (210 with CF) with a maximum follow-up of 17 years. Two of these were randomised trials with a mean age of 12 months. The other was a randomised study with a minimum age of six months. We did not find any other RCT with a longer time point. We also found only one RCT that looked at the effects of screening for CF in the first year of life. We were able to combine the results from this RCT and found that screening was more likely to improve lung function and to reduce the risk of poor health. Severe malnutrition was less common in those who had been screened for CF. At age seven, 88% of screened and 75% of those who did not have CF had lung function in the range of at least 89% of people with CF who had not been screened. At the end of the RCT, there was no difference between the two groups in terms of weight, height, or lung function. However, we found that there was a greater chance of poor lung health in the screened group compared with those who were not screened. We could not be sure whether this was due to differences in the way the study was done or due to the fact that some of the children had been colonised with Pseudomonas aeruginosa bacteria.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in July 2016. We found five RCTs with a total of 7314 people with high blood pressure and high risk of stroke. The trials were of low to very low risk of bias. Only one trial (ACCORD) compared outcomes associated with 'lower' (i.e. systolic blood pressure lower than 120 mmHg) or'standard' (e.g. 140mmHg or higher) blood pressure targets in 4734 participants. The results of this study showed that there was no difference between the groups in the risk of death, stroke, heart attack, heart failure, or congestive heart failure. However, there was a reduction in the number of deaths in the group with the 'low' blood pressure target compared to the 'high' target. There was also a decrease in the rate of heart attack and heart failure in the people with low blood pressure compared to those with higher blood pressure. The quality of evidence was low due to the small sample size of the trials and the fact that only one of the five trials was randomised. The other four trials (ABCD-H, ABCD-N, ACD-2V, and a subgroup of HOT) looked at the effects of different blood pressure levels for diastolic blood pressures in adults with high-risk of stroke and high-diabetes. The evidence is up to date as of May 2017. We did not find any studies that looked at other types of blood pressure, such as low blood pressures, and we did not see any differences between groups in terms of risk of heart or stroke, death, heart events, or death from any cause. We also found no differences in the proportion of deaths or heart events in the groups with low or high blood pressures. We were not able to determine if there was any difference in the percentage of deaths due to heart events or heart attacks. We could not tell whether there were any differences in death rates between the low and the high-blood-pressure groups. We concluded that there is not enough evidence to support the use of low blood-pressure targets in the management of high blood-policing in people with elevated blood levels.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of non-removable, pressure-relief casts for the treatment of plantar foot ulcers in adults. We found 14 RCTs with a total of709 participants. One RCT compared two types of casts with no difference in the number of ulcers healed between the groups. Seven studies (366 participants) compared non-reinforced casts with the use of a non-resilient cast. In five of those studies non-regime casts were found to be more effective in the healing of the foot ulcer compared with the removable cast. One study (98 participants) found that more ulcers were healed than with dressings alone. Achilles tendon lengthening, combined with a cast, resulted in more healed ulcers at 7 months than a cast alone. More ulcers remained healed at two years in this group (RR 3.41; 95% CI 1.42 to 8.18). Other comparisons included surgical debridement of the ulcers; felt fitted to the foot; felted foam dressings and none of these showed a difference in favour of the intervention.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in May 2016. We found five RCTs with 235 women with breast cancer. All five studies were of high risk of bias due to the way in which they were done and the way they were carried out. Two trials (95 women) were randomised to receive cognitive training, one (47 women) to receive the same type of training and one (19) to take part in a group of women who were on a wait-list for treatment. The other three (50 women) received the same types of training. Two studies (100 women) did not show a benefit from the use of cognitive training compared to those who did not receive it. One study (19 women) showed an improvement in mental well-being in those who took part in the training, but this was not large enough to be able to be pooled in a way that could be pooled. One (47) study (47 participants) showed a benefit in terms of cognitive function, and the other (47 and 19) showed improvements in the quality of life (QoL) of those who received the training. We did not find any evidence that any of the interventions had an effect on physical or mental health outcomes. We assessed the evidence as low quality and, therefore, findings should be interpreted with caution. There is a need to do more research into the effects of non-pharmaceutical, non-medicine-based treatments for women with cancer in order to find out whether non-drug-based interventions can reduce the risk of, or ameliorate, cognitive impairment after systemic cancer treatment.
We searched for trials up to May 2016. We found six trials with 343 people with schizophrenia. We included five trials, all from the 1970s, and one from the 1980s. We did not find any trials that compared chlorpromazine with piperacetazine, but we did find one trial that looked at the same question. The results of this review show that, in terms of global state improvement, when rated by a psychiatrist, there was no clear difference in the results of the two drugs. Chlorpromazine appears to be no worse or better than pipacetazine when it comes to side effects. In both treatment groups, around 60% of participants had some side effects, with around 40% of these people experiencing some parkinsonism-type movement disorder. No clear difference was found in the numbers of people who left the study early for any reason. We could not make any conclusions about the effects of the drugs on negative symptoms or the costs of treatment. The quality of evidence was very low due to the small size of the trials and the way in which they were done.
We found five trials with 207 adults with malignant colorectal obstruction. The trials compared the use of colonic stents with or without stents in the treatment of the obstruction. There was no difference in the 30-day death rate between the groups. The use of stents seemed to be as safe in the malignity of the colon as the emergency surgery. However, there was a higher chance of the stent being inserted in the colon in the emergency group. The stent was successful in 86.02% of attempted stent placements. The number of deaths was 2.3% in both groups. There were no deaths at the end of 30 days in the colic stent group compared to 45.71% in the other group. We did not find any differences in the length of time spent in the hospital or in the number of people who had to have a stent placed. The average time of clinical relief of obstruction was 0.66 day in the group with stent and was 3.55 days after surgery in the control group. There is no evidence to show that there is a difference between the two types of stent in terms of the rate of perforation, stent migration rate and stent obstruction rate. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (1867 women) comparing human albumin (seven RCTs) or HES (two trials) or mannitol (one RCT) versus placebo or no treatment for prevention of OHSS in high risk women with PCOS. The evidence is up to date as of May 2016. The main limitations were imprecision, poor reporting of study methods, and failure to blind outcome assessment. There was evidence of a beneficial effect of HES on OHSS, but this was based on very few trials. This means that if the rate of moderate or severe OHSS with no treatment is 12%, it will be about 9% (6% to12%) with the use of intravenous albumin. However, there was no evidence of an effect on pregnancy rates. There were no data on live birth rates in any of the trials. The results of this review are current to May 2016, and we found that HES, HES and mannolitol are safe and well-targets for preventing OHSS. Adverse events appeared to be uncommon, but were too poor to reach any firm conclusions, and there were no studies that looked at live birth. We concluded that the plasma expanders assessed in this review (human albumin, H ES and manlitol) reduce rates of moderate and severe OHS in women at high risk. We did not find any data on the number of live births, or adverse events.
We searched for evidence in May 2016 and found 10 studies with 484 adults with telangiectasias of the lower limbs. There was no evidence that any one sclerosant was more or less effective than the other, but there was evidence that sclerotherapy was more effective than placebo. The results did not show that any of the drugs were better than the others, and there was some evidence that polidocanol (POL) was more likely to cause adverse reactions at a higher dose (1% compared with 0.5%) and that sodium tetradecyl sulfate (STS) was less likely to have adverse events (0.5%). There was some data that showed that STS was more painful than POL, heparsal (20% saline mixed with heparin 100 units/mL) or placebo, and that POL was no more pain-free than a placebo. Evidence from one study showed that hypertonic saline (HS) was worse than POL. The quality of evidence was poor, as was the way in which some of the studies were done and the way they were done.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to May 2016. We found seven RCTs with 241 adults with hyperkalaemia. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2017. We did not find any studies that looked at the effects of any of the drugs used to treat this condition. The results showed that salbutamol administered via inhaler or metered-dose inhaler (MDI) reduced the amount of potassium in the blood compared with a placebo (dummy treatment). The effect was seen at 120 and 90 hours, and at 90 and 120 hours for 20 mg nebulised salbut aminophylline (1 study). One of the studies reported 1.2 mg salbutAMol via MDI 1.1 mg produced a significant decrease in the level of the drug in the urine at 10 and 60 hours. The other studies did not report on adverse events. There was no evidence to show that the use of other drugs, such as bicarbonate or aminophosphate, reduced the number of deaths or heart arrhythmias. None of the trials looked at other drugs that are commonly used in the treatment of people with high blood levels of potassium. We do not know if any of these drugs are safe or safe to use.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of the use of antimicrobials (antibiotics and non-antibiotic) to seal the CVC for HD. We found 39 RCTs, with a total of 4216 patients. The evidence is up to date as of May 2016. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of antimicrobial lock solutions on the risk of CRI, catheter thrombosis, or both. Antibiotics were used in 15 of the trials, and in 21 of the other four studies they were used together. Antimicrobics were compared with other types of lock solutions, such as heparin (a drug used to treat blood clots in the veins), or with the same type of lock. We also looked at whether the lock was used in the same way in the other two types of CVCs, and whether it was used with or alone. We were able to combine the results from 30 studies, involving 3392 patients, to find out whether antimicrobial locks were more or less likely to cause a CRI or catheters to thromboembolism. We could not be sure whether the results were the same for all of the studies, and we were not able to compare the results of the same lock with each other. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low or very low. The main reasons for this were that we did not have enough data to be able to be sure of the results.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing pre-emptive treatment with prophylaxis to prevent CMV disease in people with CMV. We found 15 RCTs with a total of 1098 participants. Of these, six studies looked at pre-preventive treatment versus placebo or treatment of CMV when CMV occurred (standard care), eight looked at the use of antiviral drugs to treat CMV, and one compared pre-prophylax with a placebo. We did not find any studies that looked at anti-CMV drugs. Pre-preparation reduced the risk of death from any cause, but did not result in death due to any cause other than CMV (all-cause death, graft loss, or all-cause mortality). There were no differences in the risks of graft loss or the number of deaths due to CMV or any other cause. There was no difference in the rate of serious adverse events (such as leucopenia) between the two groups. There were also no differences between the groups in the rates of serious side effects (e.g. bleeding in the blood) or in the amount of time it took to recover from the CMV infection. The quality of the evidence was assessed as being at low risk of bias due to the small size of the studies and the way in which they were done. Only one study did not report how many of the people in the study were aware of which group they were in, so it was not possible to tell which group was in which group. We judged the quality of evidence to be high for all of the main outcomes.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 140 adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus. All three RCTs compared the effect of sweet potato preparations with placebo on glycaemic control in type 2 diabetics. There was a difference of 0.3% in HbA1c at three to five months with 4 g/day sweet potato compared to placebo (2 trials). There were no deaths from any cause, health-related quality of life, well-being, functional outcomes and costs were not investigated. No serious side effects were reported. The quality of the trials was unclear or high, and there was a risk of bias in the way they were done. There is not enough evidence to guide the use of sweet potatoes for the management of type 2 and type 1 diabetitis.
We found 19 studies with a total of 440 adults with cystic fibrosis. The age of the adults ranged from six to 63 years (mean age 22.33 years). Most of the studies were cross-over, which means that they had to be done in the same place at the same time. Five studies (192 adults) were randomised controlled, and the other 14 (65 adults) had cross-overs. The study size ranged from seven to 65 participants. In 13 of the trials, participants were followed up for at least one day. There were no long-term studies with follow up of one to three years. There was no difference in quality of life, sputum weight, exercise tolerance, lung function, or oxygen levels between the active cycle of breathing technique and autogenic drainage or between the treatment and airway oscillating devices. The number of people who had a flare-up was the same in both groups, and there was no change in the number of patients who had an exacerbation. The quality of the evidence was poor, and we were not able to draw any conclusions about the benefits or harms of the use of this method over any other method of airway clearance. We did not find any evidence to show that this method was better than other forms of treatment for people with cystitis. We found that there was not enough evidence to say whether or not this method is better than any other form of treatment. Longer-term trials are needed to assess the effects of this approach.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared brief co-incubation of sperm and oocytes with the use of standard inseminations. We found eight RCTs with 733 infertile women in total. The evidence is up to date as of May 2016. The trials were of low to very low risk of bias due to the way they were done and the fact that they did not report on live birth or the number of women who had a miscarriage. The results of this review showed that short-term co-insemination of the sperm or oocytes may lead to a higher rate of live birth and a lower rate of miscarriage compared to the standard overnight insemenation protocol.
In this review, we found five studies with a total of 694 infants. Most of the infants were ventilated with a long intubation tube (IT) for at least 24 hours. Long ITs were found to be associated with an increased risk of air leak and death. There was no difference in the risk of BPD (bronchopulmonary dysplasia) in the infants who were ventilated with a short IT. We did not find any differences in the rates of meconium (meconium aspiration) and congenital heart disease (lungs with normal compliance). However, the increased rates of air leaks and deaths using long ITs are clinically important; thus, infants with poorly compliant lungs should be ventilator-free.
We found 33 studies with 5110 patients. Most of the studies were of low quality. There is a large variety in the ways the TFU was performed (the health care providers who did it, how it was done, and how long it was used). There is also a large amount of variation in the way it was carried out. We found that TFU has been used in many patient groups. We did not find any evidence to support or refute the use of TFU in the treatment of people with mental health problems. We also found no evidence to show whether TFU had any adverse effects. Overall, there was not enough evidence to be sure whether or not TFU works. The low quality of the evidence means that results must be considered with caution.
We searched for evidence in May 2016 and found 38 trials that looked at the use of a range of strategies to help people to stay in the study. We found six broad types of ways to increase the number of people who stayed in the trial. These were: (1) more money, (2) more letters, (3) more phone calls, (4) more emails, (5) more telephone calls, and (6) more reminders. We did not find any evidence that any of these strategies were more or less effective than the others. There was also no evidence that a telephone survey was better than a questionnaire, or that a phone call was better or worse than a questionnaires. Most of the trials that we looked at were based on a single trial. There were few trials that assessed other ways to improve the way in which people returned to the study sites for trial follow-up. Some of the results of this review are based on one trial. We are not sure whether the results are the same in other trials. We also do not know whether there are any differences in the way that people were asked to complete the questionnaires or how long they took to complete them. We were not able to draw any conclusions about the effects of other ways of helping people to remain in the studies. We could not tell whether there were any differences between the ways in which the trials were done or not in terms of how they were done. We do not think that there is much difference in the types of interventions that were used in the trials. However, we could not rule out that some of the methods used in some trials may be better than others.
We found eight studies with a total of 829 participants (416 and 413 in the pLMA and cLMA groups, respectively). We found six cross-over studies that are still in progress, one of which has not yet been published, and data related to the first treatment period for the other five studies were not yet available. We found that the ProSeal laryngeal mask airway makes a better seal and therefore may be more suitable than the Classic laryngema mask for the use of positive-pressure ventilators. We are uncertain about the effects of either of the airway devices in terms of use of the device, use of an alternative device, sore throat, bronchospasm, gastric insufflation, regurgitation, coughing, and excessive leak. We did not find any differences between the devices with regard to the number of people who had to be put back in the ventilator, or how long it took them to get back in. We were not able to assess the effect of any of the devices on the amount of time it took to breathe in and out of the larynx. We could not be sure whether there was a difference between the two types of airway. We also could not tell if there was any difference in the amount or length of time people had to spend in the tube. None of the studies were large, and we did not have enough data to be able to tell whether there were any side-effects. The quality of evidence for all outcomes, as assessed by GRADE score, is low, mainly due to issues related to blinding and imprecision.
We found 19 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 1453 children aged four to 18 years. We found that children treated with probiotics were more than twice as likely to have less pain at zero to three months after treatment compared to those who were not given probiotics. We also found that they were more likely to be able to reduce their pain at three to six months after the end of the study. We were not able to combine the results of the trials to compare the effects of different types of probiotics because of differences in the way they were done. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of low FODMAP (fermentable oligosaccharides, disaccharide, and polyols) diets. We could not combine the data from any of the RCTs to see if there were any differences between them in terms of how well they worked, how long it took for them to work, or how often they had to be re-examined. We judged the evidence for these outcomes to be of low quality due to an unclear risk of bias, imprecision, and differences in how the trials were carried out.
We found 22 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 4490 participants. All were randomised trials (3 were cluster RCTs), and 19 of the 22 studies had analysable outcome data. Most of the studies were at unclear or high risk of bias for all forms of bias, and most were at risk of being at high risk for bias. Most studies had a large number of participants, and many of them had a high proportion of students. Seventeen of the trials had student populations. The evidence is up to date as of May 2016. We found mixed results from the five trials (1196 people) that looked at the effect of mass media on the number of people who were judged to be more or less likely to be treated with bias. The results were mixed, and the results showed that mass media may have a small to medium effect in decreasing the level of prejudice, and are equivalent to reducing the amount of prejudice from that associated with schizophrenia to that related to major depression. We did not find any studies looking at the effects of other types of mass interventions, such as the use of radio, TV, radio, radio or video, or other forms of media. The quality of the evidence was low or very low, and we were not able to draw any conclusions about the cost-effectiveness of these interventions. We also found few studies in low- and middle- and low-income countries, or with employers or health care providers as the target group, and none of them targeted at children or adolescents. More research is needed to find out which types of interventions work best, and to fill in the gaps in this review. Such research should use a wide range of methods, use robust methods, and be less reliant on students.
We searched for studies up to May 2016. We found 85 studies in 41 countries, including eight high- and low-income countries, 18 middle- and 15 low-cost countries, in rural, urban and semi-urban settings. The evidence is up to date as of May 2015. Forty-six studies looked at the views and experiences of healthy pregnant or post-pregnant women, 17 looked at their experiences of healthcare providers and 22 looked at women’s views of both women and health care providers. The studies took place in 41 of the 41 countries in which we searched. We looked at three thematic domains: socio-cultural context (11 findings, five moderate- or high-confidence); service design and provision; and what matters to women and staff (17). The third domain was sub-divided into two areas; personalised supportive care, and information and safety. We analysed the results of these three domains in a way that made it easier for us to be sure that we were right about the results. We did this by analysing the evidence we found. We also looked at whether or not women were able to use ANC for the first time, and whether they continued to use it for the second or third time, when they used it. For women, initial or continued use of ANC depends on a perception that doing so will be a good experience. This is a result of the provision of good-quality, relationship-based, local services that are not dependent on the payment of informal fees and that include continuity of care that is authentically personalised, kind, caring, supportive, culturally sensitive, and flexible, and that allow staff to take the time they need to care for the woman and the baby, as and when they need it. Such provision also depends on organisational norms and values that favour kind, care-based staff who make effective, culturally-appropriate links with local communities, who respect the belief that pregnancy is usually a normal life event, but who can recognise and respond to complications when they arise. Healthcare providers also need to be able to do their job well, as well as have an adequate salary, so that they do not need to ask for extra money from women and their families, or to use their own money to help them to pay for the care they are providing.
Sixteen trials, with 3361 adults with aneurysmal SAH were included in the review; three of the studies were of magnesium sulphate in addition to nimodipine. The results of this review show that the use of these drugs reduces the risk of poor outcome and secondary ischaemia in patients with SAH. Calcium antagonists also reduce the number of deaths and the occurrence of other ischaemic events. Magnesium sulphate is a promising agent but more evidence is needed before definite conclusions can be drawn.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) on the use of myeloablative therapy for high-risk neuroblastoma. We found three RCTs with a total of 739 children. The first search was done in 2012 and the second search was carried out in 2013. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2014. The evidence is current to May 2015. There was a large effect on the number of children who lived for at least one year after the end of treatment compared to those who did not receive any treatment. However, we did not find any evidence of an effect in terms of the length of time a child lived after treatment. We also found that there was no difference in the risk of death from any of the different types of cancer in the treatment group compared to the group that did not take part in the study. We were not able to combine the results of the trials to find out if there were any differences in adverse events, but we did find that there were more adverse events in the group who had received myeloabdomyelablamine than those who had not. We could not tell if this was due to the fact that the age cut-off for high risk disease was changed from one year to 18 months. It is also possible that some of the children with what is now classified as intermediate-risk disease have been included in the high- risk groups. This means that we cannot be sure that the results are the same in all of the studies. We are not sure whether there is any difference between the treatment groups in the amount of time spent in hospital, the type of cancer the child had, or the severity of the disease. We do not know if there are any differences between the groups when it comes to death from other types of malignancies. The quality of life of the patients was not assessed in any study. There were no data on adverse events and we could not be sure if there was any effect of treatment on any of them. We did not see any clear differences in the rate of death in the groups that had not taken part in treatment.
We found eight trials with 632 adults with unresectable hepatocellular carcinoma. The mean age ranged from 16 years to 78 years. The age of men ranged from 60% to 75% and the age of women ranged from 22% to 85%. The average follow-up was 12 months (2 months to 38 months). We found that TACE followed by 3-DCRT compared with TACE alone may have reduced the risk of death from any cause at three years' time (low-certainty evidence). We also found that people who took part in the TACE group may have been less likely to have a tumour response (complete response plus part of the tumour) than those who did not take part. We did not find any data on adverse events. We are very uncertain about the effect of TACE on quality of life (very low-clearance evidence). None of the trials included in this review were of high risk of bias, and we rated the evidence as low to very low certainty. The quality of the evidence was very low due to the way in which the trials were carried out and the way they were designed.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the benefits and harms of different ways of increasing the amount of energy a preterm baby is fed. We found 14 RCTs, but we did not find any trials that compared the effects of different levels of energy intake in preterm infants with CLD/BPD. We did find one study that showed that babies who were fed a high amount of protein and minerals had improved growth up to three months of age. The other RCT showed that both groups were unable to achieve the pre-designated feed volumes and that there were no differences in growth, respiratory outcomes, oedema and the diuretic needs. We also found one RCT which showed that there was no difference between the groups in terms of the number of sick days or deaths. We do not know if this was due to the way in which the RCT was done or whether it was done in a way that made it more or less randomised.
We found 13 studies with a total of 2341 participants (2360 procedures). Most of the trials had unclear risk of bias across the six domains, and heterogeneity among the studies was significant. For the subclavian vein (nine studies, 2030 participants, 2049 procedures), we found that the use of ultrasound reduced the risk of inadvertent arterial puncture and haematoma formation (three trials, 498 patients) and increased the chance of success on the first attempt (four trials, 311 patients, 311 procedures). We did not find evidence of a difference in the number of deaths or other adverse events, or in the time it took to insert the catheter (US). For the femoral vein (four studies, 311 participants, 311 procedure) we found no differences in the chances of accidental puncture or other complications (US, USD, USD), number of attempts until success (US) or first-time (US), success rates or time for the catheters to be inserted (US and USD). We also found no difference between the methods used for the first time (US or USD) or for the length of time taken (US versus USD). The results for Doppler ultrasound are uncertain, and we do not know if there is a clear advantage or harm of this method over an anatomical landmark method. We found no data on death or other outcomes. We concluded that two-dimensional ultrasound offers small gains in safety and quality when compared with a landmark method for the sublavian (arterial) or femoral (first-time) vein (success on the fistula) catheterization for central vein catheterization. We are not able to draw conclusions about the safety of this technique for the other two types of catheter. We do not have any data on use by patients who are at high risk for adverse events.
We searched for studies up to May 2015. We found 15 studies with a total of 1456 adults with Alzheimer's disease. The evidence is up to date as of May 2016. Four studies, 29 people, used an intravenous dose of physostigmine; seven, 131 patients, used a placebo; four, 1456 used a controlled-release form of the drug; and one study of 181 people used a verum skin patch. Intravenous infusion  There are no usable results from the studies that used this form of treatment. There were no trials that used a combination of the two forms of the same drug. The best dose of physiostigmin (33 mg/day) was found to be better than placebo at 6, 12, and 24 weeks. There was no difference in the number of people who were able to improve on the ADAS-Cog score at 12 weeks. However, there was a high rate of side-effects, such as nausea, vomiting, diarrhoea, anorexia, dizziness, stomach pain, flatulence or dry mouth. The higher dose (5.7mg/day), compared with the lower dose (4.7 mg/ day), was more likely to cause side-side-effects. The results from two of the four studies of the controlled-letting form of this drug apply only to a group of patients who had been identified as responders in a pre-randomization titration period. When no attempt was made to find out who was the best dose to use and all relevant patients with the same type of treatment were randomized, fixed dose (mean 33 mg per day) was associated with a higher rate of adverse events and a greater chance of experiencing at least one event of nausea, and more than twice as many adverse events compared with placebo (mean 5.7 dose per day). There was little or no difference between the higher and the low dose (higher and lower dose) in the quality of life at 24 weeks between the two groups. Verum patch  The double dose (delivering mean dose 12 mg/dia) was linked to a higher risk of side effects and more side-reactions, but there was no evidence of improvement in cognitive function. The lower dose was not as good as the higher dose, and there were more side effects such as dizziness and stomach pain. We did not find any studies that looked at the long-term effects of this treatment.
We found 13 trials with a total of 16,112 participants. Eleven of the trials were randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the use of fibrates with a placebo (a drug that does not have the same effect as a fibrate) in people with a history of stroke. One of these trials was stopped in 2002 due to safety concerns due to its unacceptably large number of adverse events. We found that people who took fibrats were more likely to have a non-fatal myocardial infarction (MI) than those who did not have a stroke. They were less likely to die from any cause, and they were less at risk of dying from any other cause. We did not find any evidence of an increase in the risk of death due to any cause. The use of clofibrate, a drug that was discontinued in 2002 because of safety concerns, was no longer effective in preventing MI. There was no increase in adverse events with fibres compared to placebo. We judged overall risk of bias to be moderate. The evidence is up to date as of May 2016.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to May 2016. We found 12 RCTs with a total of 3285 healthy women at low risk of high blood loss after elective caesarean birth (2453 women) or spontaneous birth (832 women). All of the women were women who had not had CS. All of them were women with mild to moderate risk of PPH (low risk of blood clotting in the blood). The women were followed up for at least six months after birth. The women had a range of ages and were at low to high risk of bleeding after birth and CS. The number of women in each group varied, but all were at high risk for PPH. Women who received TA were less likely to have blood loss greater than 400 mL or 500 mL, and more than 1000 mL, than those who did not receive TA. The effect of TA on blood loss was more pronounced in the group of women who were having a birth by vaginal birth than in those who had CS (five trials, 1186 women) and this effect was similar after vaginal birth (two trials, 559 women). Women receiving TA had less blood loss and less need for blood transfusions compared to those who were not in the TA group (four trials, 1534 women). There was no difference in the risk of serious side effects (such as nausea, vomiting, dizziness) with the use of TA (three trials, 832 women), but there was an increase in the number of minor side effects with TA (four studies, 569 women). The risk of death from any cause was low (low) and there were no deaths due to thromboembolic events (low-risk events). Women who had TA were more likely to be able to give birth to their own child (high-risk event) and to have their blood transfusion (high risk event) less often (moderate-risk effect). There were also fewer women who needed to be put on a ventilator after birth (low quality effect) and fewer who had to be placed on an anticoagulant (very low- risk effect) (low effect).
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing amantadine with placebo (a fake medicine) or paracetamol (acetaminophen) or zanamivir (an antiviral drug). We found 12 RCTs with a total of 2494 participants: 1586 children and 908 adults. We did not find any studies that looked at the use of amantdine in the elderly. We found no studies that assessed rimantadines in the older age group. We were not able to combine the results of the trials to find out if rimantine or amant duloxetine could be used to treat or prevent the spread of influenza A in people over the age of 65 years of age. We also found no evidence of side effects caused by the drugs. The quality of the evidence was low and the safety of the drug was not well established.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to May 2016. We found nine RCTs with a total of 1512 women. Most of these women were in their 20s or 30s and most of them were women who had not been able to get pregnant for at least a year. In seven studies the women were undergoing IUI and in the other two studies they were trying to have sex with each other. Eight of the trials compared endometrial injury with no injury/placebo procedure; of these two trials, one of these compared the use of endometrias in the cycle prior to IUI with the same treatment in the IUI cycle. One of these trials compared higher vs. lower degree of intentional endometric injury. We are not able to say whether endometria are more or less likely to cause a live birth in women who have had IUI or who are trying to conceive via sex with one of their partner's partner's partners. When endometries were performed in the same cycle as IUI, there was no evidence of a difference in the chance of live birth or live birth rate. When we compared hysteroscopy with endometry injury compared to hysteroscopies alone, we did not find any differences in the chances of birth or birth rate or in the number of women who became pregnant. We rated the quality of the evidence as very low or low. The main reasons for this was that most of the studies were at a high risk of bias and had an overall low level of precision. We did not have enough data to be able to draw any conclusions about the effect of the endometrics on live birth and live birth rates. We graded the results as either low or very low quality.
We found four studies with 3905 adults aged 18 years or over who were in a nursing home. We did not pool the results from one study (N = 834 participants), which was stopped at the end of the study due to lack of a clear difference between groups. We were not able to determine whether or not professional oral care resulted in a lower risk of dying from any cause over an 18-month or 24-month follow-up period compared with usual care. There was low-to-very low-risk of death due to any cause when compared to usual care at 24 months. We found no high-quality evidence to help us to determine which oral care measures are most effective for reducing the risk of pneumonia in nursing home-acquired patients. We could not find any studies that looked at the effects of other types of care, such as home-based care, home-care, or other forms of care. Only one of the four studies (834 adults) measured adverse effects of the interventions. The study identified no serious events and 64 non-serious events, the most common of which were tooth cavities (not defined) and dental staining. No studies looked at oral care compared to no oral care. Although we found low- to very low- risk of death from any causes when we looked at all-cause deaths, we could not be sure if or not there was a difference in the number of deaths due to other causes. We also were not sure if there were any differences between groups in terms of number of first episodes of first-time and first-ever episodes of pneumonia. The quality of the evidence was very low, which means that we are very uncertain about the results.
Five RCTs (149 patients) were included in this review. These studies assessed bismuth subsalicylate, budesonide, mesalazine plus cholestyramine and beclometasone dipropionate. Budesonide (9 mg/day for 6 to 8 weeks) was found to be more effective than placebo for induction of clinical and histological response. There were no differences in the number of patients who were in remission at 8 weeks, 12 months or 18 months of treatment compared with those who were not in the placebo group. There was no difference in the amount of time patients were in the treatment group compared with the group in which they were not. The study which assessed mesalazapine (2.4 g/day) was judged to be at high risk of bias due to lack of blinding. The other three studies were judged to have been at low risk of biased due to the way they were done. The results of the study which looked at the effects of mesalizapine with or without cholestramine showed that it was effective for the treatment of lymphocytic colitis, but this need to be confirmed by a large, well-conducted, placebo-controlled study. The studies which assessed beclmetasone (5 mg or 10 mg per day) and mesalza (4 g per day with or with cholsterramine) showed that they were as good as each other for the use of these drugs. The trials were of low to very low quality due to a very small number of participants and the way in which the study was done.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing the use of self-monitoring of blood glucose in adults with type 2 diabetes. We found 12 RCTs with a total of 3259 patients. The length of follow-up ranged from 6 months (26 weeks) to 12 months (52 weeks). Nine trials compared SMBG with usual care, one was a three-armed trial with SMBG and SMUG, one study was a one-armed study with SMUG and SMBG, and one was three-arm study with less and more intensive SMBG compared with a control group. Seven out of 11 studies had a low risk of bias for most of the results. The quality of the evidence was very low. The evidence is up to date as of May 2013. The results of this review show that when the length of time a person has been on a type 2-type 2-diabetes control programme is one year or more, self-medicine can help to lower blood levels of HbA1c (a measure of blood sugar in the blood), but this effect is small and does not seem to have an effect on overall well-being or general health-related quality of life. There were few data on the effects of SMBG on other outcomes and these effects were not found. None of the studies looked at the effect of SMBGs on the risk of death. We concluded that there is no evidence that SMBG affects patient satisfaction, general well-ness or other health-based outcomes. More research is needed to explore the psychological impact of SM BGG and its impact on people’s well-life, as well as the impact on hypoglycaemia and diabetic complications. We also found that when diabetes duration is over one year, SMBG may help to reduce blood glucose levels up to six months after initiation and subsides after 12 months.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in September 2016. We found 11 RCTs with 471 adults with AsPD. Eleven of these were from the USA, one from the UK, and one each from Australia, New Zealand, and the UK. We did not find any studies that looked at the effects of any of the interventions compared to the control group. Only five of the studies were done in the USA and one in the UK and one was done in Australia. The results of this review are up-to-date as of May 2017. Compared to the group that did not take part in the RCT, people who took part in one RCT were more than twice as likely to be able to take their drugs. They were also more likely to use their drugs more often, and were less likely to need to be re-arrested. People who were in the other group did not have as many problems with their drug use, but they were more able to use them more often. People in the group who were not in the treatment group were more often able to do as they were told, and more often were able to go to work or school, and did not need to have their drugs taken away from them. They also were more or less able to cope with the stress of their use of their drugs, and they were less or less prone to being in trouble with the law. There was not much evidence to show that any of these treatments were better than the other treatment groups in terms of reducing the risk of re-offending. However, there was a lot of variation in the way they were done, and how they were used, and it was not clear whether any of them was better or worse than the others.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of people with the common cold or acute purulent rhinitis. We found 11 RCTs with a total of 1047 people. Six of the studies were from the USA, one was from the UK, one from Canada, and one was based in the USA. Five of the six studies were funded by the drug manufacturer. The other three were sponsored by the manufacturer. There was a wide range of drugs used in the studies and a range of ways in which antibiotics were used, so we were not able to combine the results of all the studies. We did not find any evidence of benefit from the use of these drugs in adults or in children or in adults. There is also no evidence of any benefit from antibiotics for persisting acute purinitis in adults, but there was an increase in the risk of side effects in adults when they were compared to those who were treated with a placebo (a fake medicine). There was no difference between the two groups in terms of the number of people who had an adverse event. We do not know how many of the trials were at risk of bias due to the way they were done or because an unknown number of participants were likely to have chest or sinus infections.
We found five studies with 162 adults with psoriasis. We did not perform a meta-analysis due to differences in the characteristics of the patients and the way in which they were treated. We found five trials (162 adults) with mild to very mild psoratitis. Three of the trials were in a hospital, one was in a clinic, and the other three were in the home. One study was funded by a drug company, and one was sponsored by a pharmaceutical company. The average age of participants ranged from 12 to 77 years; only two were younger than 15 years. Mean PASI score at baseline ranged from 5.7 (i.e. mild) to 23 in four studies. Twenty-three of 162 participants had streptococcus-positive throat swab culture. One trial (20) assessed penicillin (1.6 MU (million units) intramuscularly once a day) versus no treatment (six weeks of treatment, with eight-week follow-up from start of treatment). At six-week (short-term) and eight weeks (longer) treatment, no adverse events were observed in either group, and there was no difference between the two groups in the number of people with clear or almost clear skin. At eight weeks, 1/15 in the tonsillectomy group and 0/14 in the no treatment group achieved PASIs 90; and 3/15 participants in the tonicillin group and 1/14 group had PASis 75 (RR 6.56, 95% CI 0.37 to 116.7). One study (29) compared the use of azithromycin (500 mg daily dose) versus placebo (300 mg twice daily) (four times per day) (treatment for 14 days, with six weeks of no treatment). Adverse events and the proportion of people who achieved clear or clear skin were not measured. One (50) study (50 adults) assessed long-term azithomycin treatment compared with vitamin C (50 mg per day for 48 weeks). One (30 adults) and one (25 adults) had mild side-effects (10 out of 30 had nausea and mild stomach upset), but not in the vitamin C group. In the azithmyromycin group, 18/30 compared with 0/20 in the placebo group reached PASi 75 at the end of 48 weeks of use (RR 25.06, 95 CI 1.60 to 393.59). One of the studies (29 adults) did not measure side-side-effects, but one (29 participants) had minor blood loss after surgery (minor) after 24 months (RR 2.68 to 5.85). The other (20 adults) took rifampicin twice a day for six weeks (14 days) compared with placebo (14-day treatment) (six-week of treatment); none of the review outcomes were measured. We rated the quality of the results as very low, due to high risk of bias (absence of blinding of patients and their carers) and imprecision (low number of events). Hence, we are very uncertain about the results.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of people with MS. We found 12 RCTs with 933 adults with MS, 464 of whom were randomised to the vitamin D group, and 469 to the placebo group. Vitamin D₃ had no effect on the risk of relapsing, recurrences of MS, worsening of disability, or the number of people who had to be taken to hospital due to the disease. We did not find any data on time to first relapse, number of patients who needed to go to hospital, or how long it took for them to recover from the disease, but we did find that people who took part in the studies did not have more or less side-effects than those who did not take part. One study (158 adults) found that the use of vitamin D reduced fatigue compared with placebo at 26 weeks' follow-up, but the other study (71 adults) did not show an effect on fatigue at 96 weeks' time. We were not able to determine whether vitamin D was safe, or whether it was safe at the doses and treatment durations used in the trials. We do not know if vitamin D is safe, and we do not have enough data to say whether it is safe or not.
This is an update of a review published in 2007. We found 62 trials with 4241 adults with cancer pain. The evidence is up to date as of May 2016. We searched for trials up to May 2017. We did not find any new studies, and we did not identify any new trials. We included studies that compared morphine with other painkillers, or with other opioid painkillers. We also looked at how many people had good pain relief, but where it was reported, over 90% had no worse than mild pain within a reasonably short time period. Where results were reported for individuals in 17 studies, 'no worse than'mild pain' was achieved by 96% of participants (362/377), and an outcome equivalent to treatment success in 63% (400/638). Morphine was effective for 12- or 24-hour dosing, and did not seem to be as good as other drugs, but it was not clear if this was due to the fact that most of the trials were of poor quality. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low or very low, mainly due to flaws in the way trials were carried out and the way in which they were done.
We found 14 studies with a total of 1260 participants. The age of participants ranged from 16 to 88 years; and the majority of them were women (70%). The length of time the participants had symptoms ranged from three to 15 months, and the follow-up after the procedure ranged from eight weeks to 23 months. Most of the trials were at high risk of bias due to flaws in the way they were carried out and the way in which they were done. The main comparison was between open surgery and the use of steroid injections. We found that open surgery is the most commonly used treatment method and is often used as the first-line treatment. We are not able to say whether open surgery reduces the risk of recurrences of trigger finger pain, but we are able to show that it is less painful and less likely to cause a recurrance. We also found that people who had open surgery had less pain on the palm of the hand compared with those who had the same group of people who did not have open surgery. However, we are not sure whether this was due to the fact that we did not know which group the other group was in, or whether there were any differences between the groups in terms of the type of incision (transverse incision of the skin in the distal palmar crease, transvenous incision in the skin about 2–3 mm distal from the skin, and longitudinal incision) (one study). We also did not find any differences in the number of adverse events (such as infection, tendon injury, flare, cutaneous discomfort and fat necrosis) (18/140 observed in the open surgery group compared with 17/130 in the control group; RR 1.02, 95% CI 0.57 to 1.84) (two studies). We are also uncertain whether people who received open surgery were more likely to have recurriations of trigger hand pain in the long-term (up to 12 months) (we found no differences between groups). We found no difference between groups in the rate of recurrence of pain at one week or in the length of the course of the recurreation (one trial). We were able to combine the results from two trials (270 participants) from six up to one year of follow up and found that 50/130 (or 385 per 1000) people had recurrs in the group with open surgery compared with 8/140 (or 65 per 1000; range 35 to 127) in the groups with steroid injection. This means that 29% fewer recurrations of symptoms were recurred with the open group (60% fewer to 3% more individuals); relative change translates to improvement of 83% (67% to 91% better). At one week, 9/49 (184 per 1000), 38/56 (or 678 per 1000, ranging from 366 to 1000) had pain on their palm (the same as in the other groups) (the difference was 3.69 points on a scale of 0 to 6.85), for an absolute risk difference that 49% more had pain (33% to 66% more), and relative change of 269% (585% to 99% worse). We could not be sure if this was because of the way the studies were done or not. We judged the quality of the evidence to be very low, mainly due to study design flaws and imprecision.
We found three RCTs, with 931 people with AO or AOA, that compared RT plus PCV with RT alone or with PCV alone. One of the trials showed that people who received PCV plus RT lived longer than those who received RT alone, with a mean time to death of 3.5 years compared with 2.6 years in the RT alone arm (P value = 0.018). This result was reported 10 years after the end of the study, and was not found in the original 2008 Cochrane review. The other study showed that early PCV, either before or after RT, appears to improve survival in AO and AOA. However, PCV was associated with significant grade 3 and 4 toxicities, and whether temozolomide can be used to substitute for this remains unclear. Use of biomarkers, such as codeletion of complete chromosome arms 1p and 19q and IDH-1 or -2 mutation, were used to assess the effect of PCV on survival in two of the studies (RTOG and EORTC), and were predictive for OS in one. The third study (NOA-04) evaluated these biomarkers prospectively and found them prognostic for progression-free survival.
We found five trials with a total of 240 children aged one to 18 years with mild to moderate OSA (AHI 1 to 30 per hour). All trials were performed in specialised sleep medicine clinics at tertiary care centres. Follow-up time ranged from six weeks to four months. Three RCTs (137) compared intranasal corticosteroids with placebo (a fake drug) and one RCT (103) compared oral montelukast with a fake drug. We did not include one trial from the meta-analysis due to the way it was done, and we had concerns about the way in which it was performed. We are uncertain about the effect of the drug on AHI (a measure of the amount of oxygen in the blood) in children with OSA compared to those who did not have OSA, but we are able to say that children who took the drug had a lower AHI than those who took a placebo (low-certainty evidence). We are not sure whether there was a difference in AHI between the children who had the drug and those who had no treatment. We also are uncertain whether there were any differences in the number of apnoeas, hypopnoea (shortness of breath), or respiratory arousals during sleep. We do not know if there was any difference between the two groups in terms of the quality of life. We were able to assess the effects of the drugs on other measures of OSA in the children, such as desaturation (the amount of blood in the lungs) and oxygen levels in the airway (the level of airway in the body), but we were not able to be sure about these. We could not be sure whether any of the other measures were affected by the drug (such as AHI or AHI). We were also unable to say if there were differences between the drugs used to treat OSA. We found that the use of corticostimulant drugs may have a short-term beneficial effect on the AHI and AHI, but the certainty of the effect was low due to imprecision of the results and heterogeneity in the way the results were analysed. Children taking the drug were less likely to have a low AHI in the short term and had a higher AHI over the long term. They were more likely to be able to sleep at night, and were less prone to sleepiness and sleepiness during the day. They also had less sleepiness, and had fewer sleepiness episodes. They did not need to have surgery to treat their OSA and were well-travelled. The quality of the evidence was moderate for AHI but low for other measures such as oxygen levels, and high for other outcomes such as respiratory arousal (the number of times a child woke up in the night), as well as for other types of sleepiness (e.g. breathing in and out of sleep). We also found that children taking the drugs were less tired than those not in the drug group and were more able to breathe at night. There was no evidence that the drugs had any harmful side effects. The evidence is up to date as of May 2016.
We found six randomised controlled trials (RCTs/CCTs) with 1291 children with CVCs. Of the six RCTs and three CCTs, five investigated the prevention of VTE (low-dose warfarin, antithrombin (AT) supplementation, low-diphenolate mofetil (warfarin), cryoprecipitate and/or fresh frozen plasma (FFP) supplementation) compared with no intervention, and one CCT compared AT and LMWH with AT supplementation (n = 71). We found no differences in the number of children who had VTE compared with those who did not have VTE. We did not find any differences between the two groups in the occurrence of major or/or minor bleeding events (such as thrombocytopenia, heparin-immunosuppression (HIT) with thromboembolism (HITT), death due to VTE, removal of CVC, CVC-related infection, and post-thrombotic syndrome (PTS), which is a condition in which blood clots form in the brain. None of the trials were large, and we could not be sure of the methods used in all of them. We found that the use of LMWH was associated with a significant reduction in VTE in the treatment group compared with the group that did not use LMWH, but this was not clear from the results of one study. In one study, which compared one treatment with the other, we found that adding LMWH to AT supplementation resulted in a reduction in symptomatic VTE with the addition of AT, but we were not able to tell if this was due to the way the study was done. We also found that there was no difference between the groups in terms of the amount of time children had to live with VTE or in the risk of death or CVC infection. We were able to combine the results from two studies (182 children) and found that LMWH did not lead to more VTE than AT or FFP in the group with AT and FFP. However, this could be a result of the low numbers of children in the studies, which could have been due to differences in how they were done and the way in which they were analysed. We could not tell if the results were the same in the other two groups. We concluded that there is a need for more research in this area.
In this review, we found three trials with 287 adults who had surgery to repair aneurysm in the thoracic and thoracoabdomine area of the spinal cord. In the first trial of 98 adults with TAAA who received CSFD compared with a group who did not had CSFD, there was an 80% reduction in the rate of post-surgery side-effects in the CSFD group compared to the group that did not have CSFD. The second trial of 33 adults with Type I or II TAAA, which used CSFD and papaverine, showed that CSFD reduced the risk of side-side-effects by 80% compared to controls. The third trial of 145 adults with type I or 2 TAAA was performed on 145 adults. CSFD was used during the operation and continued for 48 hours after surgery. Paraplegia or paraparesis occurred in 9 of 74 (12.2%) in the control group and 2 of 82 (2.7%) in those who were treated with CSFD (P = 0.03). Overall, CSFD resulted in 80% lower risk of postoperative side-recovery in the group who had CSDF compared to those who had no CSFD treatment. There was no difference between the two groups in the number of people who had a stroke. There were no serious adverse events in either group. We conclude that the use of CSFD in the treatment of TAAA surgery does not result in a greater risk of a stroke in people who have had surgery for TAAA.
We found 13 studies with a total of 662 adults with Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) 75. We found that NB-UVB compared with PUVA was no more or less effective than PUVA in people with CPP. We also found that PUVA plus retinoid (re-PUVA) and re- PUVA with retinoids (retinoids) had similar effects for treating CPP or GP in terms of clearance rate. We did not find any differences in the number of people who had side-side-effects, or in the amount of time they had to be treated. We were not able to combine the results of the studies because of the way they were done, and we did not have enough data to be able to draw any conclusions. We are uncertain about the effect of NBUVB versus PUVA for the treatment of CPP, but we do not think it is safe or safe to use it in the same way as PUVA. We do not know whether NBUVBs are better or worse than PUVAs for reducing PASI, and whether they are as safe as PUVas. We could not be sure about the use of re-NBUVB or re-PUVAs compared to PUVA alone, as the results were not consistent across the studies. We judged the quality of the evidence to be of low or very low. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of people with faecal incontinence. We found 21 RCTs with a total of 1525 people. We did not find any randomised trials that were at high risk of bias. One RCT showed that biofeedback plus exercises was better than exercises alone. There was not enough evidence as to show whether there was a difference in outcome between any method of biofeedbacks or exercises. One trial showed that adding biofeedb to the stimulation of the anal sphincter was more likely to help people to achieve full continence. There were no differences in the number of incontinuities between the two groups. One of the trials showed that the use of an implanted sacral nerve stimulator was less likely to lead to incontinentity. The other showed that a sacral stimulator did not seem to be more effective than a sham stimulator. There is not enough data to be sure whether any of the methods used in the RCT were more or less effective than the other. There are also no data to show if any of these methods were better than the others. We concluded that there is not much evidence to suggest that any methods of treatment are better than others.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing the use of a catheter with a suprapubic catheter after surgery. We found 39 RCTs. They were generally of poor or low quality and were of low to very low risk of bias. We did not find any evidence of a difference in the number of people who had to be recatheterised (re)catheterised (removal of the catheter from the urethra) after surgery, or in the length of time it was used. We could not be sure whether or not to use a particular type of catheter was better or worse than the other in terms of the risk of re-catheterisation. We also could not tell if there was a greater risk of urinary tract infection when a urethral catheters were used after surgery rather than suprapuppies were used.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared aripiprazole with other drugs to treat mania in adults and children/adolescents. We found 10 RCTs with 3340 adults and adolescents. Seven studies (2239 people) were randomised to take arizolol (an anticholinergic drug) or placebo (a drug that does not have an active active ingredient) for three weeks, four weeks, six weeks, or 12 weeks. Two of these studies (485 and 480 people) used lithium, and the other (480) used haloperidol (a sedative drug) as an adjunctive treatment. One study (347 people) was randomised, and one (347 participants) was not randomised. The overall risk of bias was unclear. A high dropout rate from most trials (> 20% for each intervention in eight of the trials) may have had an effect on the results. The evidence is up to date as of May 2016. Aripipazole is an anti-manic medicine that can be used to treat a range of mania, but its use can lead to side effects, such as side-effects of the drug, and it is not clear whether it is safe or safe to use it in children and adults. We did not find any studies that looked at other drugs other than lithium and halperidol, so we do not know whether these drugs are as safe as lithium and are as good as haloprofen (an anti-depressant). We also did not have enough data to be able to draw any conclusions about the effects of other drugs. We judged the quality of the evidence to be of high or low.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the use of urokinase lock treatment with concomitant systemic antibiotics versus systemic antibiotics alone. We did not find any RCTs or CCTs that looked at antibiotic lock treatment alone. There were no studies that assessed the effect of antibiotic or other lock treatments in the treatment of CVC-related infections in children with cancer. We found no evidence of a difference in the number of people who were cured, the occurrence of recurrent CVCs, the time it took for the first blood test to show a negative blood test, the need for the CVC to be removed, or the need to be taken to the ICU. No adverse events were found in any of the five studies that we looked at. Some of the studies did not report any adverse events, but some of them did not show any side effects. There was not enough data to be able to draw any conclusions about the effects of antibiotic lock treatments. More well-designed studies are needed.
We searched for trials up to May 2016. We found 15 trials with a total of 4,865 adults with whiplash who were randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups. We looked at three types of interventions: advice to activate, advice on stress-coping skills, and self-care strategies. We also looked at advice on pain & stress coping skills and workplace ergonomics. We did not find any trials that looked at other types of treatment, such as advice on how to cope with stress in the workplace, or how to relieve pain in the long term. There was some low- to very low- risk of bias in some of the trials. We rated the quality of evidence as low or very low for all three of the main outcomes. Advice to activate: There is some low to low-risk of bias for this intervention. There is moderate to low quality evidence that a video of advice focusing on activation was more beneficial for acute whiplus pain when compared with no treatment at short-term follow-up, but not long-term. Advice on pain and stress coping: Very low to very high risk of low- or low-cost, low-to-very low-quality evidence showed no difference in pain, function, or quality of life in the short or long term for people with acute to chronic neck pain compared with those who did not take part in the video. Self-care: We found very low to high-cost studies that did not show any effect of self- care on pain, stress, or work-related stress. We judged the overall to be of low or low quality. We concluded that there is a need for more research in this area.
In this Cochrane review, we searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in which people at risk of CJD or vCJD were randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups. We found 49 RCTs that met the RCT criteria. We combined the results of the Cochrane RCT and RCT review to form a thematic synthesis, which is the basis of this review. The results of this synthesis can be used to assess the best way to reach out to those at risk, such as those with CJD and vCJD, in order to help them to know when they are at risk and how to respond to them. We did not find any studies that looked at the best ways of reaching out to these groups.
We found one randomised study with 304 adults with RLS who were randomly put into one of two treatment groups: one group was treated with opioid painkillers (prolonged release oxycodone/naloxone) and the other group was not. After 12 weeks, RLS symptoms had improved more in the drug group than in the placebo group. There was no difference between groups for daytime somnolence, trouble staying awake at night, or naps during the day. Quality of sleep was better in the group treated with the drugs, but there was no effect on quality of life. More patients in the drugs group were able to take their painkillers more often than those in the control group. The number of remitters was greater in the painkillers group than the group in which the drugs were not used. More side effects were reported in the opioid group, such as sleepiness, fatigue, and headache. There were no major side effects in the other groups. We found that there was a high dropout rate (low number of people who dropped out of the study) in this study.
Fifteen trials, with 1022 adults with fractures of the distal radius in adults, were included in this review. There was no clear difference between the groups in terms of the type of fracture and the amount of time it took for the fracture to heal. There were also differences in the way in which patients were treated and how they were put back in place. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2016. There is some evidence to support the use of surgery to fix the fractures in the radius of the neck in adults. The main reasons for this are that surgery reduces redisplacements (fractures in which the bone remains in the same place for a long time) and prevents late collapse and malunion compared with plaster cast immobilisation. However, there was not much evidence to show that surgery was better than immobilising the fracture with a plaster cast. The use of a pin-track was associated with a high risk of infection, but many of these were minor. Probably, some of these problems could have been avoided if the pin had been inserted in a different way.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) on the use of ureteric stents after kidney transplantation. We found five RCTs with a total of 1127 patients. The evidence is up to date as of May 2016. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of early removal of the stents compared with late removal. It is uncertain whether early stent removal was better than late removal, or whether there was a higher risk of MUC. We judged the risk of bias to be low or unclear. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. We were not able to determine if there was any difference between the groups in terms of the rate of UTI, quality of life, or how long it took for the stent to be removed.
We found five studies that looked at three types of crowns: crowns with fillings, crowns fitted with or without fillings and crowns placed on molar teeth with carious lesions, or crowns put on molars after pulpotomy (pulpotomy) treatment. We did not find any RCTs that compared different methods of fitting preformed metal crowns (i.e. using the Hall technique) with those fitted with fillins. We found that crowns were less likely to fail in the long term, and were less painful than fillins in the short term. There was no difference in the risk of gingival bleeding between the groups, but we are not sure whether there is a difference between the two groups in terms of the amount of blood in the gums. There were no trials comparing crowns fit with or fitted with the Hall method versus those fit with fillens. One of these studies used a third arm, which allowed the comparison of PMCs (fitted with the method) with non-restorative caries treatment. In the two studies using crowns used with the conventional method, all teeth had been pulpotomised prior to the crown being placed. The final study compared PMCs fitted with a stainless steel crown with a white veneer (stainless veneers) versus those with a veneered crown. It was very low quality evidence so no conclusions could be drawn. We are uncertain about the results of this study. There are no trials that compared crowns fitting with or not fitted with tooth fillings. The quality of evidence for crowns compared to fillings is very low. We do not know if there is any difference between crowns and fillings when crowns are placed on the molars of molars with caries, or whether there are any differences between the types of tooth crowns.
We searched for evidence up to May 2016. We found 28 studies (involving 788 children and adults) that compared PEP with other methods of airway clearance. These were randomised controlled trials (RCTs) where people were randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups and then put back into the other group. We did not find any randomised trials comparing PEP to any other methods. The evidence is up-to-date to May 2015. In 22 of the 28 studies the PEP technique was performed using a mask, in three of the studies a mouthpiece was used with nose clips and in three studies it was not clear whether a mask or mouthpiece were used. In the other 21 studies the technique was used in combination with a mask. The results of this Cochrane review showed that PEP was more effective than other ways of clearing the airways of people with CF. There was no difference between PEP and other methods when used for at least one year in terms of the number of people who had a flare-up of the lungs. The number of children who had an exacerbation was less when they used PEP compared to those who did not use PEP, but there was little or no difference in the rate of flare-ups when they did not have a mask (low- to high-quality evidence). People who used a PEP mouthpiece did not experience any side-effects when compared with those who had no mouthpiece. There were no side-side-effects in those who used an oscillating PEP device. In one long-term study (107 adults) there was no effect of PEP versus HFCWO, but in the other studies there was some side-effect in the children in the high-frequency PEP group (high-certainty evidence). Many of the trials had a risk of bias due to the way in which they were done and the way they were carried out. Most of the data were not published in sufficient detail in most of these studies to be able to combine them in a meta-analysis. Most studies did not report on the outcomes measured in this review. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low or very low for most of the main outcomes, and very low or low for other outcomes.
We found four studies with 1485 adults over 18 years of age with CDAI ranging from 220 to 450. Most of the participants were adults with Crohn's disease. All of the patients were treated with CZP (100 mg to 400 mg every 2 to 4 weeks) for at least one week. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2016. We found that people with CD were more likely to be in remission at week 8 compared to those who received a placebo (a drug that does not contain any active drugs). We also found that more than half of the people in the placebo group were able to return to normal at week eight compared to 40.2% of those in the control group. We did not find any differences in the risk of adverse events between the two groups. We are not able to say whether there is a difference between the groups in terms of the occurrence of serious side effects. We judged the quality of the evidence to be of high or low risk of bias due to the use of a non-identical placebo in one of the studies. The other two studies were judged to be at low risk for bias.
We searched for evidence up to May 2016. We found 112 studies with a total of 23,762 adults with CKD who were followed up for at least three months or five years. Of the 31 studies (23,762 participants) with data on CKD patients, follow-up ranged from three months to five years, and study size ranged from 16 to 2916 participants. In total, 26 studies (19,612 participants) reported data on at least one outcome of interest for our review and were included in our meta-analyses. In acute heart failure, the effects of adenosine A1-receptors, dopamine, nesiritide, or serelaxin on death, hospitalisations, worsening heart failure or kidney function, hyperkalaemia, low blood pressure, and quality of life were uncertain due to sparse data or were not reported. The effects of ACEi or ARB, or aldosterone antagonists on the risk of death (any cause) were uncertain, as there was not a lot of data. In chronic heart failure in adults, the effect of angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACEi) or angiotenin-blockers (ARB) on death ( any cause) was uncertain, and there was very low to very low certainty in the results of the studies. Aldosterone (a steroid) and vasopressin (a vasodilator) were also uncertain. We were not able to assess whether treatment with sinus node inhibitors (drugs that block the blood flow to the blood vessels in the heart) reduced the risks of high blood levels of blood in the blood. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect on hospitalisation for heart failure compared to placebo or no treatment, and we could not be sure whether the effects were the same in adults with heart failure. We could not tell whether any of the drugs used to treat CKD were better or worse than no drugs. The quality of evidence was low or very low due to the lack of evidence. The risk of bias in all 112 studies was high or unclear.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to May 2016. We found three RCTs with a total of 1945 women where oxytocin was used to induce labour. The women were followed up for at least 48 hours after labour had started. We did not find any evidence that there was a difference between the types of tocodynamometrics used. We also found no differences between the two types of monitoring in terms of maternal or neonatal outcomes. There was no difference in the number of women who had a caesarean section, ventouse and forceps extraction, or in the amount of time they spent in the neonatal intensive care unit (ICU). There were no deaths in any of the women in the trials and no neonatal or maternal deaths were reported. The quality of the three trials was mixed. Overall, risk of bias across the three studies was moderate. The results of this review are up to date as of May 2015.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of people with CVI. We found two RCTs with 54 participants. One RCT was conducted in the USA and the other in the UK. Both studies were at high risk of bias. We were not able to pool the results of the RCT in order to combine the results. One study did not show a difference in the number of people who had a leg ulcer compared with those who did not have one. The other RCT did not report on quality of life or ankle range of motion. We did not find any differences between the two groups in terms of the amount of time it took for the leg ulcers to heal. One of the trials did not assess the effect of exercise compared with the other. We judged the quality of the studies to be very low, which means that we are very uncertain about their results. We rated both studies as at high-risk of bias; hence, these data should be interpreted with care.
Seventy-six randomised controlled trials with a mean of 3 (range 1 to 5) were included in this review. Forty-five of these were of the hyaluronan/hylan class and the other 15 were of other hyalurin/hylenol class. The results of this review show that viscosupplementation is an effective treatment for OA of the knee with beneficial effects: on pain, function and patient assessment; and at the 5 to 13 week post-injections time points. However, there are few randomised head-to-head comparisons of the use of the HA class of products and readers should be cautious, therefore, in drawing conclusions about the relative value of the different products. It is of note that the magnitude of the effect, as expressed by the WMD and standardised mean difference (SMD) from the RevMan 4.2 output, is different for different products, comparisons, timepoints, variables and trial designs. In some of the analyses, the results were comparable to those of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) and longer-term benefits were noted in comparisons against IA corticosteroids. In other analyses, HA products had more long-term side-effects than NSAIDs. In general, few side-side-effects were found and no major side-reactions were found in the trials in which the HA group of products were used. The quality of the data was generally high.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared misoprostol with placebo or oxytocin in women with PPH who did not respond to uterotonics and/or haemostats. We found 10 RCTs with a total of 4052 women. Four trials (1881 women) compared the use of misoprofloxacin (a drug used to treat PPH) with a dose of 600 to 1000 mcg (sublingual) misoproprostol (in the dose of 1000 to 800 mcg) in women who had not had uterotonic treatment. The other trials (1787 women) used 800mcg sublingual misoprotol (a medicine used to relieve the pain of PPH in the womb) in a group of women who were not able to respond to the uterotrinsic drugs they had been given. We did not find any trials that looked at other treatments for PPH, such as surgery or radiotracers. We also did not identify any trials looking at other types of treatments for women who failed to be able to receive uterotronic drugs. Two of the trials were too small for us to be sure of their results. One of the studies was too small to assess impact on the outcomes we were interested in. The role of tranexamine acid and the role of other treatments in PPH needs to be assessed.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing short-term N-acetylcysteine supplementation of cysteine-free PN in preterm infants. We found six RCTs, with a total of 95 preterm (≤ 1000 grams birth weight) infants. Five trials were conducted in the USA, one in the UK, and one in Australia. The majority of patients in these trials were preterm. One large RCT was done in the US, and the other three were done in Europe. The results of this large study did not show that the use of long-term supplementation of PN improved the risk of death by 36 postmenstrual weeks, bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD), death or BPD, retinopathy of prematurity (ROP), severe ROP, necrotizing enterocolitis requiring surgery, periventricular leukomalacia (infection of the lining of the blood vessels in the brain), intraventhalic hemorrhage (IVH), or severe IVH. However, there was not enough evidence to assess the risks of the treatment.
We found 77 trials with 6287 adults with NAFLD. Thirty-five trials (3829 adults) were randomised to take part in one of two or more treatment groups. The follow-up in the trials ranged from one month to 24 months. There were no deaths in either group. There was no difference in the risk of death at the end of the study or in the number of serious adverse events. None of the trials measured quality of life. The quality of evidence was very low. The source of funding was not reported in 39 trials. Twenty-six trials were partially- or fully-funded by drug companies that would benefit, based on the results of the trial. Twelve trials did not receive any additional funding or were funded by parties with no vested interest in the results. All other trials were at high risk of bias in one or more domains. We are very uncertain about the effectiveness of these drugs for people with non-alcoholic steatohepatitis.
In this review, we found 15 studies with a total of 1282 adults with MCI who were followed up for at least one year to see if they were at risk of Alzheimer’s or other forms of dementia. We found evidence that CSF tests, such as t-tau, may be better than other biomarker tests for the diagnosis of Alzheimer's and other types of dementia, but we did not find enough data to be sure of this. We also found that these tests may not be as good as they should be for the other type of dementia and that they may be at greater risk of bias. We were not able to assess the effect of each potential source of heterogeneity as planned, due to the small number of studies we were able to include in this review.
We found three studies with 170 men aged 50 to 75 years of age. All of the men were male and were undergoing radical surgery for prostate cancer. The men were between 50 and 75 years old and met the criteria for the American Society of Anesthesiologists (ASA) assessment of the effects of anaesthetics. We found evidence that propofol (a sedative drug) reduces postoperative nausea and vomiting (PONV) over the short term (one to six hours after surgery) after RALRP compared with inhalational anaesthesia (sevoflurane, desflurane) (MD -1.70, 95% CI -2.59 to -0.81; P = 0.0002). We found low-quality evidence showing no differences in postoperative pain (VAS) scores at one to six-hour follow-up (mean difference (MD) 2.20 (95% confidence range (CI) -10.62 to 6.22) in a sample of 62 participants from one study. We also found evidence from one trial (MD 3.90) that showed low-risk of an increase in intraocular pressure (IOP) after pneumoperitoneum and steep Trendelenburg positioning (MD 0.002) with increased IOP up to 30 minutes after surgery. It is not clear whether this difference in IOP translates directly to a reduced risk of ocular complications during surgery. We did not find any data on adverse events, all-cause deaths, respiratory or circulatory complications, cognitive dysfunction, length of stay or costs. Overall the quality of evidence was low to very low, as all studies were small, single-centre, two-arm RCTs with unclear descriptions of methods.
We found 14 studies with 1,601,515 women, with a mean age of 35 years, who were followed up for at least six months. Most of the women were women who were at high risk of having a caesarean birth. Most studies found no effect of topical corticosteroids of any potency on pregnancy outcomes when compared with no use of these drugs. The evidence is up to date as of May 2016. We found no evidence that there was a difference in the risk of death, birth weight, or preterm birth in women who received mild to very potent corticostimulants compared with those who did not. Women who took these drugs were less likely to have a low birth weight (low birth weight) or to die (foetal death), but we did not find evidence that this was the case when they took them during the course of the pregnancy. The results from three of the studies in the meta-analysis showed an increased risk of low birth birth weight in the women who took potent to very-high-potent corticastimulant drugs, but there were no differences between the two subgroups (P = 0.04). We used the Grades of Recommendation, Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) working group approach to rate the overall quality of the evidence. We further downgraded the evidence because of imprecision in low birth and foetal birth weight and inconsistency in the number of deaths and low Apgar scores.
We found four trials with a total of 611 (612 eyes) of people with bacterial keratitis. These trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, India, and South Africa. One of the three trials was a pilot study of the largest study: the Steroids for Corneal Ulcers Trial (SCUT). All trials compared the use of corticosteroids with no topical corticostimulants and with or with a placebo and had follow-up periods ranging from two months to one year. All of the trials were well-designed and had a high risk of bias due to the way in which they were done. We did not find any differences between the groups in terms of time to re-epithelialization of the corneal ulcers or adverse events. The trial in the SCUT did not show any difference in the time it took for the cornea to heal, but did show that it was 53% faster in the steroid group after adjusting for the size of the defect in the eye. None of the other three trials found any differences in adverse events between the two groups. One study in the largest trial found that more patients in the control group had a greater risk of high intra-ocular pressure (IOP) than in the group in which the steroids were used, but there was no evidence of a difference in quality of life. We found no data on the cost of the treatments. Although the four trials were generally of good design, all had considerable losses to follow up (10% or more) in the final analyses. Further, three of the four studies were too small to be able to tell whether there was a difference between groups. There is not enough evidence to say whether or not corticoprofen is better than placebo for the treatment of patients with this type of eye ulcer.
We found four trials with 450 adults with ischaemic stroke. We found no evidence from these trials that percutaneous treatment was better than intravenous thrombolytic treatment for people with stroke. However, there was a non-significant increase in the number of people who died at the end of follow-up. There was no difference in the rate of haemorrhages between the two groups. We did not find any differences between the groups in terms of quality of life. We also found no differences in the percentage of patients who had a stroke. The quality of the evidence was low. We judged the quality of evidence to be low due to the way in which participants were not aware of which group they were in, and the way that participants were blinded to the type of treatment they were receiving.
We searched for evidence up to May 2016. We found one trial, with a total of 143 children aged five years or less, who received day care in a day care centre in high-income countries. The children were aged five to 12 years old. They were followed up for at least six months. They received care at home (care at home) or in a special day care group (day care in the home). The day care was compared with day care that was not part of the day care programme, such as day care at the home or day care on a day-to-day basis. The study did not report on long-term outcomes for children (high-school completion or income). We did not find any evidence that day care compared with no day care improved or worsened children's cognitive or psychosocial development, employment of parents, or the number of hours spent in full-time or part-time work, or household income above £200 per week. The quality of the study was very low, and there was a high risk of bias, as 63% of the children in the group receiving day care did not use day care, and 63% used day care services that were not included in the day-care programme. We judged the quality of evidence to be very low because of the small number of trials and the way in which they were done.
In this review, we searched for all of the indices that can be used to assess the degree to which a person’s body has healed from the disease. We also looked at the effect of these indices on how well the body healed. We found 126 reports that had been published up to May 2014. Eleven of the 30 indices have undergone some form of testing. The Nancy Index and the Robarts Histopathology Index have undergone the most testing. However, none of the other indices have been fully tested. In order to determine the best index to use to assess how well a person's body healed, we need to find out which index is the best to use.
We found three trials with 213 adults with a mean age of 41 to 44 years. There were no trials comparing surgery with non-surgical treatment. The three trials were at high risk of bias, with one of them at high risks of bias due to the way in which it was done. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2016. We found that there was no difference between nailing and plating in terms of function or pain in adults with distal tibial metaphyseal fractures in adults over the age of 40 years of age. There was also no difference in the need for re-operations or in the number of people who had to be re-examined for adverse events after nailing compared with plating. We did not find any differences in the risk of re-surgery or in pain between the groups, but we did find that there were more re-opinions after plate fixation in the plate group. We also found that in 1000 adults with these fractures, 63 fewer (95% CI 88 fewer to 12 more) people per 1000 would have re-operation after plate surgery compared with nailing. Pooled data (173 participants, 3 trials) showed that nailing did not seem to be as good as plating, but there was the possibility of a better outcome after plates. We could not tell whether there was a difference between the two groups in pain, and we could not say if there was any difference in function or in adverse events. We are very unsure about the results for all of the outcomes we looked at. The quality of evidence was rated as very low, meaning that we are very uncertain about the estimates for all outcomes.
We found 11 studies with a total of 38,742 adults with stroke or TIA. Eight studies compared BPLDs versus placebo or no treatment (35,110 adults), and three compared different systolic blood pressure targets (3632 adults). The risk of bias in the studies was high. We found that BPLD treatment reduced the risk of recurrences of stroke or stroke-like events in the subgroup of participants who were treated with an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor or a diuretic (i.e. a drug that reduces the amount of blood in the urine) compared with those who did not receive BPLd treatment. We also found that people who had a stroke or had a TIA were less likely to have a stroke when they took an ACE inhibitor or duretic. We did not find any evidence that there was a greater risk of a stroke in those who had an ACE inhibitors or diuretics. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high.
Five hundred nineteen men from four randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind trials, (lasting 4 to 26 weeks) were assessed. Three trials used non-glucosidic B-sitosterols and one used a preparation that contained 100% B- sitosteryl-B-D-glukoside. B-Sitosterols were used to treat men with BPH who were at high risk of BPH. The evidence is up to date as of May 2016. Bs were compared to placebo (a drug that does not contain B-sugar) or to a placebo (drug that does). Bs did not reduce the size of the prostate compared to the placebo. The results of this review show that men who were treated with Bs improved their symptoms and urine flow. However, their long term effectiveness, safety and ability to prevent BPH complications are not known. Withdrawal rates for men given Bs and those who were not were 7.8% and 8.0%, respectively.
We found 26 studies with a total of 62,815 adults and 2,599 children with asthma. We found no difference in the risk of death with salmeterol or salbutamol compared with placebo. We did find an increase in the number of people who died from any cause with salmetarol compared to those who did not use inhaled corticosteroids. We also found an increased risk of serious adverse events with the use of salmatarol. There is not enough evidence to assess whether the risk in children is higher or lower than in adults.
This is a Cochrane Cochrane Review. We searched for evidence on the use of L-triiodothyronine (L-thyroxine 50 μg/dose) in preterm preterm infants. We found no evidence that L-thyroxine reduced the risk of death or the need for a ventilator in the first week of life. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of thyroid hormones on the number of deaths or the length of time a preterm infant was on the ventilators. We also found no data on the amount of time the child was on a breathing tube or the amount that the child had to be put back in the incubator. We were unable to combine the results of two studies (80 preterm babies) that were done in 1988 and 1989. Amato (1988) and Amato 1989 (1989) did not use the same dose of thyroid hormone in the same group of infants. Both of these studies had flaws in the way in which they were done. Both were small and had a high risk of bias due to the way they were performed.
We included 38 RCTs with a total of 1828 participants. Eight trials had a low risk of bias in the assessment of death. The other studies had a high risk of biases. We found that the use of non-absorbable disaccharides may reduce the risk of death when compared with placebo/no treatment. We also found that they may help to reduce the number of adverse events in people with hepatic encephalopathy. We did not find any differences between the two groups in terms of side effects. We were not able to assess the effect of these drugs on quality of life, but we were able to include the data in an overall meta-analysis. The evidence is up to date as of May 2016.
We searched for evidence up to January 2019. We found 65 studies (involving 3598 adults and children) with a mean age of 18 years. We did not find any studies that looked at the effects of bone treatment for children and adolescents after kidney transplantation. We also did not look at the effect of other treatments, such as vitamin D compounds, teriparatide, denosumab, cinacalcet, parathyroidectomy, and calcitonin. The evidence is up-to-date as of February 2019. Compared to placebo, bisphosphonate (a synthetic drug) may reduce fracture and bone pain after kidney transplants. It is uncertain whether any other drug class decreased fracture (low or very low) or graft loss (very low). It was not clear whether any of the other treatments had an effect on death, myocardial infarction or stroke, graft loss, and graft loss. It was uncertain whether other drugs had any effect on the risk of bone deformity or bone necrosis. We were not able to determine whether vitamin D treatments had any effects on the risks of death, heart or heart-disease events, or graft losses. We could not tell whether any drug class had an impact on other outcomes. The quality of evidence was very low due to the small size of the studies and the small sample size.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in May 2016. We found four RCTs, with 317 adults aged 18 years or over, who were randomly put into one of three or more treatment groups. Three of the trials were in the USA, one in the UK and one in Australia. The other three were in Germany and one was in the Netherlands. There was a high risk of bias in at least one area of the RCT. We did not find any studies that measured all of the outcomes we were looking for. Only one of the studies measured symptoms of seizure, delirium tremens or components of the CIWA withdrawal assessment for alcohol (CIWA). There was no difference in the strength of handgrip strength between the two groups. There were no changes in adverse events. There is not enough evidence to determine whether or not the use of magnesium is beneficial or harmful for the treatment or prevention of alcohol withdrawal syndrome.
We found 15 trials with 3057 adults with acute rhinitis. Five of the 15 trials were from our 2012 review, and five (631 participants) are from a new review. We could not draw conclusions about children, people with suppressed immune systems, and those with severe sinusitis, because these populations were not included in the available trials. We found that people with rhinocerosinusitis can be cured faster if they are treated with antibiotics, but only 5 to 11 more people per 100 will be cured than if they were treated with placebo or no treatment. Antibiotics can shorten time to cure, but there is a very low risk of side effects, and the risk of serious side effects is very low, so we conclude there is no place for the use of antibiotics for people with uncomplicated acute rhinsinusitis.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing D3 with D2 or D1 lymphadenectomy in adults with resectable carcinoma of the stomach. We found eight RCTs with 2515 patients. Three trials (all performed in Asia) compared D3 versus D2 lymphadenoid surgery: data showed no difference in OS between these two types of lymph node dissection. Data for DFS were available from one RCT and for no trial were DSS data available. Five trials (three in Europe and one in the USA) used D2 to D1 (disease-free) lymphadenoproliferation (DFS) and DFS (DSS) and found no differences in OS or DFS between these types of surgery. In contrast, D2 was found to be better than D1 in terms of the number of deaths after surgery, but there was an increased risk of death after surgery. We judged the quality of the evidence to be moderate.
This is a review of 13 studies with a total of 1158 participants. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2014. We found that naltrexone did not perform any more or less well than other drugs used to treat opioid use. We did not find any evidence that it was better than any other drug in terms of the number of people who were re-incarcerated or who were not able to stop the use of the drug. We also found that it did not seem to be better than benzodiazepine or buprenorphine for people with opioid use, but we could not be sure whether it was any better or worse than any of the other drugs compared with each other. We concluded that we do not yet have enough data to be able to draw any conclusions about the effectiveness of this drug.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in September 2016. We found two RCTs. Both were part of the same large multicentre RCT and both were in the USA. The first was a cross-over RCT with 351 adults with dementia and compared the use of two viscosities of liquids (nectar thick and honey thick) compared to the same viscosity of liquids with a chin down head posture over a three-month follow-up. The second was a parallel RCT, with 260 adults with a subgroup of 260 with dementia. The results of the first RCT showed that honey thick liquids, which are more consistent with descriptors for'spoon thick' or 'extremely thick' liquids, showed a more positive effect on the amount of fluid that was cleared from the mouth during videofluoroscopy, but this consistency showed more adverse effects in the second RCT. There were a greater number of cases of pneumonia in those who received honey thick fluids than those who took nectar thick liquids or those who had a chin up head posture. Neither study looked at the effect of the type of fluids prescribed. Neither of the studies looked at quality of life. We are not sure about the long-term effect of thickened fluids on the health of the person with dementia as too few studies have been done.
We found six trials with a total of 788 women. The evidence is up to date as of May 2016. The largest of these trials had 396 women eligible for this review. There was no evidence of a difference in live birth rates between the two groups. We found that for a woman with a 53% chance of live birth using IVF, the chance using natural cycle IVF would range from 34% to 53%. There was also no difference between the groups in rates of OHSS (low birth rate), clinical birth rates (low to very low), pregnancy rates (very low to low), number of women who were able to continue to have a live birth (moderate to low) or the chance of having a baby (low or very low). We did not find evidence that there was a difference between groups in the rate of oestrogen and oestroglandin-stimulant (e.g. oestradiol). There was not enough data to draw any conclusions about rates of treatment cancellation. Findings on treatment costs were inconsistent and more data are awaited. One of the largest trials has not yet completed follow-up, though data have been reported for over 95% of the women.
We found 12 studies with a total of 984 adults with COPD. The age range ranged from 10 to 206 years, and mean age ranged from 61 to 74 years. Programmes lasted for six weeks to one year. We included only those who took part in Tai Chi and the control group (i.e. 811 participants) in the final analysis. We found that people who did Tai Chi had a longer six-minute walk distance and better lung function in post-programme data compared with those who did not do Tai Chi. We did not find any evidence that Tai Chi was better than usual care in reducing dyspnoea (disease of the airway in the lungs) or improving quality of life. When we looked at the effect of Tai Chi in the same way as usual care, we found no difference in the number of people who had a cough or wheezing in the short term or in the long term. We also found no evidence that there was any difference between the groups in terms of the amount of time people spent in bed, the length of time they spent in the bed, or how much they had to spend in the bathroom. The quality of evidence ranged from very low to moderate. We judged the evidence to be of moderate to very low risk of bias, which means that we do not know whether or not the results are true.
We found 72 studies with 2470 adults with stroke who were randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups. We found that the use of this type of treatment was not more or less effective than usual care. We did not find evidence that it was better or worse than other types of treatment. We were not able to pool results for cognitive function, participation, or quality of life. There were few side effects and those we found were relatively mild. There was a trend to use a higher dose (more than 15 hours of total intervention) of video games compared to usual care, but these results were not significant. We could not pool the results for other outcomes, such as gait speed, balance, or participation in daily life. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. The risk of bias present in many of the studies was unclear due to poor reporting.
We found five RCTs with a total of 1330 participants. None of the trials examined regimens of less than six months duration. Fluoroquinolones added to first-line regimens A single trial (174 participants) added levofloxacin to the first line of treatment. Relapse and treatment failure were not reported. For death, sputum conversion, and adverse events we are uncertain if there is an effect (one trial, 174 participants, very low risk of bias for all three outcomes). Fluorinolones used to replace ethambutol or isoniazid in first line regimens Three trials (723 participants) used fluoroinolone-based regimens to treat people with drug-sensitive TB. We do not know if there was an effect on death or relapsing. For relapse, we are not sure if there were any effects (one study, 170 participants). We are not able to say whether there was any difference in the number of deaths or relapses (three trials, 723 participants). Fluoroquins used to treat drug-sensitised people with TB were tested in one trial (433 participants) that used moxifloxicin to replace isonizid. Treatment failure and relapse were not assessed (one small study, 433 participants). For death and sputus change at eight weeks, or side effects, we do not have any evidence to say if the use of a fluoroquinole compared to a fluorinole was better or worse, or whether it was any more or less safe (one large trial, 433) or worse than the other. We are uncertain about the effects of the use or lack of use of fluorquinolone drugs in the first time they are used for the treatment of drug-synthesised TB. Fluorins used in four month regimens Six trials are currently in progress testing shorter regimens with fluorins.
