The aim of this review was to assess the long-term effects of the education provided to children and their carers. Asthma education aimed at adults (i.e. parents and carers) who have an acute flare-up of their asthma can reduce the risk of a child or their child being admitted to hospital and the need for help with their symptoms. However, there is a lack of information about the impact of this education on other outcomes such as quality of life, symptoms and lung function.
We searched for studies up to May 2017. We found 130 studies with 8341 adults who had surgery for any type of surgery. The types of surgery included ear, nose or throat surgery, wisdom tooth extraction, thoracotomy, lumbar fusion surgery, surgery for knee joint replacement surgery, knee arthroscopy, mastopoietic (joint) surgery, and surgery for removal of the prostate. Types of surgery were ear, nasal, mouth, and gut surgery. Ketamine was given to 4588 adults and 3753 adults who were not included in the trials. Over 48 hours, 1.5 µg/kg/minute (kg/kg) of ketamine was consumed in the intravenous ketamine bolus compared with 0.25 mg or kg/minute in the placebo group, and 2.0 µg orkg/kilometer in the ketamine group. Over 24 hours, 3.8 mg/kg or 5 µg µg ketamine were used in the same amount of time as in the control group. About 3.5 mg ketamine given into a vein was used in about the same amounts in both ketamine and R-ketamine groups. The risk of bias of the studies was high. Risk of bias was mostly low or uncertain, except for study size; most had fewer than 50 participants per treatment arm. This means that we can be fairly sure that the real effects may differ a lot from the findings in this meta-analysis.
This Cochrane Review summarises trials of MSP/RESA vaccine that have looked at the benefits and harms of vaccines for children and adults with malaria. After a wide search for randomised, well-conducted, and well-reported trials, five randomised trials with 217 participants were identified. All five of the trials were at high risk of bias, which means that their results may not be valid. One of these trials found no difference in parasite growth rates in children who had not been pretreated with an antimalarials drug (sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine). Infections with the 3D7 parasite subtype of the MSP2 vaccine were reduced in this trial, while those with the other main subtype, the FC27, were not. In the second trial, 120 children aged five to nine years in Papua New Guinea, episodes of clinical malaria were not reduced. Vaccines were not shown to be effective in the first half of the trial. There was no evidence that they were any more or less safe or effective than standard antimalarial drugs.
This Cochrane Review summarises evidence from four studies involving 125 adults with long bone fractures. Three of the studies looked at the effects of pulsed electromagnetic fields and one of them looked at a type of electrotherapy called 'aciclovir'. Each study had limitations. There were problems with the way each study was done and the way it was run and run was not as well as it should have been. This made it hard to tell whether or not the studies were well-conducted and whether they were at risk of bias. The main measure of the quality of the trials we looked at was the percentage of people whose bones had healed at a fixed time point. We found that the size of the treatment effect was small and not very large. There was a lot of variation in the way the trials were done and it was not easy to tell if the treatment helped or not. We also found that there were some problems with how each of the four studies was done. One study found no differences in pain between those who had received treatment and those who did not. None of the people in the trials had any complications from treatment. Overall, we think that the evidence from these studies is not strong enough to support the use of this type of treatment. We think it is important for people with long bones to have more research to find out if this treatment works and if it does not.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared drains with no drains in adults with gallbladder surgery. We found 12 RCTs that were of high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of favouritism by the investigators or researchers). We found that drains did not reduce the risk of death in the short term (up to 10 weeks). There was no difference between drains and no drain in terms of quality of life or in the proportion of patients who were discharged as day-procedure laparoscopic cholecystopoietic surgery patients. drains had no effect on the length of stay in the ICU or on the number of major adverse events in either group. There were no deaths in the drain group (0.2%) and 0.2% in the no drains group (1.1%) in the 10 trials that gave this information. drains resulted in significantly more deaths than drains in 1.5 events per 100. drains caused significantly more adverse events than no drain.
Forty-nine randomised trials involving 3639 participants were included in this review. Thirty-eight Chinese herbal medicines were tested in these trials, with eight of the herbs (eight Chinese patent medicines) and 26 self-recommendations for Chinese herbal medicine. All trials were conducted and published in China. There were no trials that looked at the safety of the herbal medicines. Most of the trials were of very low quality and there were problems with the way they were done. Based on this systematic review, there is no evidence to support the effectiveness and safety of these herbal medicines for the treatment of DPP.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared IAS with CAS in men with prostate cancer. We found five RCTs involving 1382 men. All the patients in the trials had prostate cancer, were relatively small, and studies were of short duration. Few events were reported and did not assess disease-specific survival or metastatic cancer. Only one RCT (77 men) looked at the effect of IAS on prostate cancer growth. For men with a Gleason score greater than 6, IAS was superior to CAS in the short term (i.e. over six months). For patients with a grade of prostate cancer that starts in the prostate, the IAS group had about half the risk of side effects compared with the CAS group. One trial (43 men) found no difference in side effects (gastrointestinal, gynecomastia and asthenia) between IAS (two events) and CAS (five events). There were no studies that looked at quality of life. There is a need for large, well-conducted studies to find out if IAS is as good as CAS in terms of cancer growth and survival.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of IUDs. We found 12 RCTs, most of which were of moderate risk of bias, involving 7,119 participants. Five trials randomised women to having an IUD that was placed right after the abortion or to having to wait for at least six weeks. One of these trials compared the use of the copper 7 with waiting for the IUD to be placed. The evidence from this trial suggests that IUD placement soon after abortion is more likely to be successful than waiting for a few weeks. Evidence from another RCT showed that women who used the levonorgestrel intrauterine system or the CuT380A IUD were more than twice as likely to leave the trial early. The quality of this trial was of low or very low quality. The same was the case for the other two trials that looked at the same IUD types. The results from these trials showed that using the Lippes Loop did not seem to increase the chances of pregnancy. In other work, adding a copper sleeve to the Povidone Loop helped to improve the method and reduce the risk of having a baby. Overall, we found evidence from these studies to support the use and use of intrauterines right after abortion.
We searched for randomised trials that looked at the effects of a non-medicine-based treatment on haematological-diseased adults with leukaemia. We found only one randomised trial, which was of very low quality. Ninety-one people took part in the study, but none of them remained in the trial throughout the six-month follow-up period and were included in the analyses. The study was of good quality, but there were problems with the way it was run and run, so we judged it to have a high risk of bias. This means that we cannot be sure of the results. The evidence from the one study we found is very low or very low-quality. We judged the quality of the evidence for all outcomes as'very low', due to problems with how the study was done and run. We were not able to give more details.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo-controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the benefits and harms of varicella vaccines in healthy adults and those who were not immunised. We found three RCTs involving 110 healthy children who were unvaccinated. Two of the three studies had high risk of bias (i.e. there were problems with the way they were done) and were not suitable for meta-analysis. Overall, 13 out of 56 children developed variceva (23%) in the three trials, compared with 42 out of 54 participants who were given no vaccine or were given a fake (placebo) vaccine (or no vaccine). This review found that, of the 56 people who were vaccinated, 13% were infected, and of those who received a fake vaccine, 79% had mild disease. In the three of the trials, most received a PEP (a type of PVC that looks identical to the PEP but does not contain the virus), and too few were vaccinated four to five days after the vaccination. This means that, on the other hand, the real PEP may have been too few. We did not find evidence that the vaccines were ineffective. None of the studies looked at whether they caused any harm. This is an update of a Cochrane review first published in 2013. We updated the search in 2015.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at antibiotic prophylaxis in adults undergoing surgery. We found 12 RCTs, with 4704 participants, that met our criteria for inclusion in the review. Antibiotics were compared with no antibiotics in one RCT. There was no difference in the proportion of people who developed SSIs in the group that had antibiotics and in the control group. There were no deaths in either treatment group in four trials that reported deaths. None of the trials looked at quality of life, the length of hospital stay or the use of healthcare resources. Overall, 5.5% of people had SSIs due to MRSA, and 46% of those who had MRSA had an SSI because of MRSA. In 15 of the comparisons that compared one antibiotic with another, there were no differences in the percentage of people with SSIs. In the one trial that compared an antibiotic regimen with a placebo, there was a reduction in the risk of SSI in the people who had antibiotics. The overall all-cause death rate in four of the five trials that assessed deaths was 14.0% and there appeared to be no differences between the treatment and the control groups in each of these groups. All the trials were at high risk of bias.
We searched for randomised trials that compared planned care at home with care in hospital for PPROM. We found two trials (116 women) that were too small to allow us to assess whether or not differences in outcomes were found between groups. The review found that women who were cared at home were more satisfied with their care and were more likely to have a caesarean section. There was no information on the impact of home care on perinatal death or on the health of the babies. However, there was some evidence that home care was associated with reduced costs. Women who were managed in the home home spent about 10 fewer days as inpatients and were, in the main, more positive about the care they received. This may have been due to the fact that in the group of women who received home care, the women were monitored for 48 to 72 hours before the start of the trial. Also, in this group, the babies of these women were more than twice as likely to be admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU). This might have been because the neonates of these groups were too preterm and there was not much time for the babies to be cared for.  There was no evidence that there were any differences between groups for the health outcomes of the mothers or their neonates. Overall, we judged the quality of the trials to be very low to very low due to limitations in the way they were designed and run.
The two methods of skin closure for caesarean section that have been most often compared are non-absorbable staples and absorbable subcutaneous sutures. However, it is important to note, that for both of these outcomes (wound infection and wound complication), staples may have a different effect depending on the type of skin incision, i.e., Pfannenstiel or vertical. The risk of skin separation was variable across trials, and most staples were removed before four days postpartum. If staples are removed on day three, there is an increase in skin separation and the need for reclosure of the skin, and these two are the most commonly studied methods for skin closure after caesarenan section.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of any type of green tea or black tea on blood and lipid levels. We found 11 RCTs with a total of 821 adults with a mean age of 18 years. Seven trials looked at a green tea intervention and four examined a black tea intervention. Dosage and form of both green and black tea differed between trials. The results showed that green tea was found to have favourable effects on low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and blood pressure. Diastolic blood pressure (DBP) was lower in both types of tea over six months, but results were not stable to bias. Green tea was also found to reduce the levels of total and LDL lipid levels, and blood pressures. When both tea types were analysed together they showed favourable outcomes on LDL lipid and blood blood pressure, but the studies were at risk of bias. No studies looked at death from any cause or on the occurrence of heart problems. No RCT looked at mortality due to any cause. When we looked at trials that were blinded, we found no evidence that one type of tea was better than the other for any of the main outcomes.
The aim of this review was to assess the benefits and harms of azathioprine for people with chronic asthma. We searched for randomised, well-conducted, long-term randomised studies that assessed the use of corticostimulants in the treatment of chronic asthma in adults. We found only two randomised trials, with a total of 23 participants. These were of short-term (12 weeks) and small (n = 23) studies. Due to concerns over the size of the trials and the way they were done, we were not able to draw any conclusions as to whether or not this drug is safe and effective in the long term. We believe that large, longer-term, large-scale studies with pre-defined corticosteroid-reducing protocols are needed. This plain language summary is up to date as of August 2010.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of exercise on fatigue in adults with cancer. We found 56 RCTs that were suitable for inclusion in this review, with 28 of these (28 studies) in the breast and prostate cancer. A meta-analysis of these data, which combines data from 1461 participants, showed that exercise was seen to be more effective than no exercise in people with cancer who were not able to exercise before or after their cancer surgery. We also found improvements in fatigue in those with prostate cancer who had cancer of the blood vessels (haematological malignations) but not in those without cancer. The findings of this review have helped us to make a more precise conclusion to be made in that exercise can be beneficial for cancer-related fatigue.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared BEACOPP with ABVD in adults (aged 16 to 65 years of age) with either no treatment or standard treatment. We found five RCTs with 3427 adults. These trials were co-ordinated in Germany, Italy and the EORTC 20012. These included adults with either advanced or very advanced HL. The age range of participants ranged from 18 to 82 years. The mean age in the ABVD arm ranged from 55 years to 86 years. All trials reported OS and progression-free survival (PFS). In this review, we found high-quality data for OS and PFS. When we added results from the RCT 20012 BEACopP was found to be twice as likely to live for five years after treatment as ABVD. This means that 90 (70 to 117) patients will die after five years in the BEACoppP group, compared with 120 (95% CI 0.57 to 0.97). This survival advantage was also found for OS, PFS and death due to any cause. There was no evidence for a difference between both arms for any of the other secondary malignancies. Although the occurrence of MDS or AML may be more likely in patients who have been treated in the beacopP/ABVD combination, there is no difference in OS or PFS between the two arms. There were no deaths in either arm (low- or very low- or moderate- or high- or both) and no data for treatment-related deaths. None of the trials looked at quality of life. The overall risk of bias (i.e. risk of arriving at wrong conclusions because of favouritism by the researchers) was low, but this may have been due to the fact that people knew which arm they were in and this could have led to bias.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effectiveness of any type of psychosocial treatment. We found 15 RCTs (involving 1835 cancer patients) that addressed this topic. All of the trials were aimed at breast cancer patients (seven trials) or prostate cancer participants (two trials). We did not find any studies on other types of cancer patients. We judged six of the studies to have a high risk of bias and nine to be of a low risk. We included 19 studies in our meta-analyses. We were able to find low- to very low-to-very low-quality data for the effect of psycho-educations on quality of life outcomes. This means that we are uncertain about the effects of these types of interventions. There was moderate- to low- or very low quality evidence that multidisciplinary interventions led to higher rates of RTW in the short term (i.e. up to six months) than care as usual. There were no clear differences in the effect between different types of psychological treatment on the number of patients with cancer who were cured or improved in the long term. Multidisciplinary treatments were no more or less likely to have side-effects such as headaches, dizziness, dry mouth or weight gain. There may have been some bias in the way some of the research was done.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at the effectiveness of auscultation for women in labour. We found four RCTs involving more than 13,000 women. Three trials were funded by hospitals where the trials took place and one trial was funded by the UK and Ireland. Overall, the trials were assessed as low risk of bias. The evidence is up to date as of March 2016. We did not find any new trials in this review. The 2012 review has not been updated for any update. The review found that there was no clear difference in the risk of having a caesarean or perinatal deaths between the two groups. There were no differences between groups in other secondary outcomes, such as the incidence of seizures in the neonatal period (seizures were much more likely in the women who had a CTG). There were also no studies in the longer term (i.e. longer than six months). There was no evidence that the use of the CTG improved outcomes for the neonate. The trials did not look at women’s views on whether the procedure was safe and whether it had any side-effects for the baby. The quality of the trials was low to very low. This was due to problems with the way the studies were done and reported.
We searched for randomised trials that compared the use of any form of embryo culture medium with the same type of culture media used in IVF or ICSI treatment. We found 17 randomised controlled trials involving 3666 women. We were not able to pool any of the data from the trials because each of the trials compared different types of media. Four of these found no evidence of a difference between the media used, for either day three or day five embryo transfer, the results of the fifth trial did not appear reliable. Six trials looked at the chance of live birth and did not find any difference in the chances of a live birth. Three of the other four trials found no differences between the medium used and the same medium used in the same way. None of the studies reported on the health of the child. Most studies (22/32) failed to report their source of funding and none described their methods in sufficient detail. The overall quality of the evidence was very low for nearly all comparisons, the main limitations being imprecision and poor reporting of the way the trials were done.
This review aimed to find out if any of these work. Our search strategy identified 2847 articles which were suitable for inclusion in the review. A total of 30 citations were found but there were three duplicates of articles which left 27 articles for review. These left 23 original papers to be reviewed for inclusion. Of these, none met the inclusion criteria. There were no trials of the best ways of communicating a diagnosis of breast cancer to women. We have considered that it is perhaps unethical to randomise women at such a vulnerable time such as waiting for a diagnosis. As some of the papers reviewed by the authors related to the first consultation visit, where treatment options are discussed, might be useful, a review which focuses on the methods of communication at the first meeting would provide more information to guide us to the best way of addressing this topic.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effectiveness of any type of psychotherapy. We found 17 RCTs with 1006 randomised adults with NSCP. We included two new papers, one of which was an update of a study that had been included in the first version of this Cochrane Cochrane review. The evidence from this review suggests that, compared with usual care alone, psychotherapy does not seem to reduce the risk of chest pain for the first three months after treatment. This finding was maintained from three to nine months after the intervention. There was also an increase in the chance of having a chest pain-free day up to three months following the intervention, but this finding was not found in the longer term (three to twelve months). Due to the nature of the main intervention, it was impossible to blind the therapist or the patient as to whether they were in the treatment or control arm. In addition, in three of the trials, we found that in order to be sure that the therapist was not aware of whether they was in the intervention or in the control arm, we had to have a high risk of bias in some aspects of the way the RCT was done. However, there was a low risk that it was done in all of the other domains of the studies. In the case of the outcomes that we looked at, we judged this to be of low or very low risk. This is due to the fact that in some studies, we could not be sure whether the therapists were aware of the group to which the patient was in, and this could have had an impact on the results. This means that we cannot be sure of the true effect of the treatment.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of antihistamines and mast cell stabilists in the short-term (one to eight weeks) to see if they were effective. We found 30 RCTs involving 4344 adults who had symptoms and signs of seasonal allergic conjunctivitis. These trials looked at 17 drugs: nedocromil sodium or sodium cromoglycate, olopatadine, ketotifen, azelastine, levocabastine or mequitazine, bepotastine besilate, combination of antazoline and tetryzoline, and pemirolast potassium. These drugs were compared with placebo (nine of the trials) or other types of medicine. The evidence from the trials we found was of very low or very low risk of bias. This means that we can trust the results. There was some low- to very low-risk of bias in the studies we looked at, but there were a lot of flaws in the way they were done. Overall, we found that the evidence from these trials was of low quality. We did not find evidence that any of the drugs had any long-term effects.
The aim of this review was to assess the effectiveness of programmes that aimed to reduce the use of tobacco in Indigenous youth. We searched for randomised, well-conducted studies that assessed whether or not any of these programmes were effective in this area. We found two of these to be of interest. Both of these were based in the USA and were aimed at changing the way in which in- and out-patients were allocated to each other or to a'skills-only' group. One of these studies found that the skills-only group smoked less than the control group at 42 weeks, but this did not seem to change at six months follow-up. The other found that in the group that smoked, smokeless tobacco use did not change at that time, although this may have been due to bias in the way the study was done. Both studies were rated as of high or unclear risk of bias in some aspects (out of a total of 10). Based on the information in this review, we cannot draw any conclusions as to the effects of programs that aim to change how in-and-out smokers use tobacco. This is due to the lack of data and the need for more research in this field.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at the benefits and harms of prophylactic or selective blood transfusion in women with sickle cell anaemia. We included one RCT with 72 participants. The trial was at unclear risk of bias. There were few events for most of the reported outcomes and the results were generally imprecise. The evidence from this RCT is of very low to very low quality. The RCT reported no evidence of differences in the risk of death or perinatal deaths in women who had proprotylactics or a control group that had a control blood transfusions. Low- and very low-quality evidence showed no clear differences in serious maternal morbidity (pulmonary embolism (blood in the lungs), heart failure (heart failure), heart problems (congenital heart failure, heart failure and heart failure), and bleeding in the blood (haemolytic crises). The risk of pain crises (blood clots in the veins) was the same in both groups (prophylactic and control) and no evidence showed any difference in the number of days with no blood transfused between the groups. The included RCT did not report on the costs of the RCTs. The quality of evidence was very low for all outcomes. This was due to imprecision of the evidence.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to March 2017. We found 67 RCTs involving a total of 6197 adults. A total of 5771 adults from 64 trials provided data for one or more outcomes in this review. There was no evidence of differences in most of the comparisons, and where there was, these differences were in single trials, which were mostly of small sample size. All the trials were at high risk of bias. The evidence from more than one RCT we found was of very low or very low quality. The main outcomes we looked for were the number of adverse events (complications) and the amount of red blood cells (red blood cells are red cells that help the blood to clot) in the blood. We also looked for differences in quality of life and the time it took for people to get back to work. None of the trials looked at these outcomes. The quality of evidence was very low to very low. This was mainly due to the fact that there were problems with the way the studies were done.
Twenty-three randomised trials involving 724 adults with PPP were identified. This review has shown that the best way to treat PPP is not very clear and many treatments have had a lot of side effects. There is some evidence that the use of systemic retinoids, ciclosporin, tetracyclines and ganciclovir may be effective. However, it is not clear what the best treatment is and what are the best treatments for PPP. Longer-term studies are needed to find out.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the blood pressure-lowering effect of any drug used to treat high blood pressure. We searched for RCTs in 2012 and 2014, but we found no new trials. We found nine trials that looked at five drugs: furosemide 40 mg to 60 mg, cicletanine 100 mg to 150 mg, piretanide 3 mg to 6 mg, indacrinone enantiomer -2.5 mg to -10.0 mg, and etozolin 200 mg. These drugs were tested for an average of 8.8 weeks. Based on these data, we found that systolic/diastolic blood pressures are lower in the loop diuretics group compared with the control group. This finding was based on low- to very low-to-very low-quality evidence. Withdrawals due to side effects and serum biochemical changes did not show a difference. The review did not provide a good estimate of harms due to the use of these drugs. We judged the risk of bias of trials to be high.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the use of a local anaesthetic to a control (placebo or no treatment) in adults undergoing elective laparoscopic cholecystectomy. We found 58 RCTs, of which 48 trials with 2849 adults randomised to local anaesthesia (1558 adults) and a control group (1291 adults) contributed data to one or more of the outcomes. All the trials were at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a high chance of bias due to the way the RCT was run and run). There was no mortality in either group in eight trials that reported deaths (0/236 (0%) in the local anaesthetists and 0/210 (1%) in control group). There were no deaths in the eight studies that looked at the proportion of people who were alive after the end of the day surgery (no deaths). One adult (446 (0.4%) of the 446 who were in the control group) who had surgery for gallbladder surgery died. There were differences in the types of surgery and the ways in which the procedure was done between the trials. Three trials (190 adults) found that there were no major complications in the group that received the procedure. None of the trials looked at whether people were more or less likely to be discharged as day surgery patients from the treatment groups. We judged the quality of the evidence to be very low or very low. This was due to imprecise effects of the procedure and the fact that the trials did not use the same method and that we were most interested in.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of antigens that were used to diagnose malaria. We found 74 RDTs that were suitable for this review. We included 74 studies in our meta-analyses. Types 1 to 3 (fromP. falciparum) and types 4 and 5 (type 4) of the tests were either by its own or in combination with other tests. For types 1 and 5, we included rLDH antibody-based tests, which are tests that measure the amount of virus in the blood. We also looked at types 1 to 5 types of the test, which is a test that is used to assess the number of patients who have been cured of malaria. For type 1 tests, we found 95.0% accuracy and 95.3% specificity. For types 2 tests, there were 99.5% and 99.6% accuracy, and for types 3 tests there were 94.8% and 98.3%, and for type 4 tests, 96.0 and 94.0%, both of which are validated tests. We did not find any data for types 4 or 5. We found no RDT test that was not used in the same way for both types of disease. We were not able to determine whether or not the test was effective for all types of malaria because of the lack of studies and the fact that it had to be used for only a short period of time (up to three months). We found no studies that were large enough to be sure that the test worked well enough for us to have confidence in the accuracy of the results.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at changes in the length of primary care consultations. We found five RCTs, all of which were from the UK. All were conducted in the UK, and all were short-term changes in consultation time allocated to each patient. None of the studies looked at the effects of the changes on resources used. Overall, we found very low-certainty data. We did not find any evidence to support or refute a policy of altering the lengths of first-line primary care visits. It is possible that these findings may change if high-quality trials are found in the future.
We searched for randomised studies that compared high dose to low dose of stavudine in people with ART. We found three randomised trials that met our inclusion criteria. All three trials were from the USA, one from the UK and one from Canada. A total of 157 adults were recruited to the trials. The trials were at high risk of bias due to the way the trials were designed and conducted. There was no difference in virologic suppression between the high dose and low dose groups. Symptomatic hyperlactatemia was seen in only one of the three trials (Mcinkovic 2007) and this was not found in the other. The high dose arm had higher levels of triglyceride (fat in the blood) and high blood lipids (bone and fat in the limbs) but this did not seem to have a clear advantage over the low dose group. The evidence from the trials was imprecise and we have not found any evidence to suggest that high doses are any more or less safe than low or very low dosages. The studies did not indicate that any participants stopped taking the drugs due to adverse events but this may have been due to differences in how the studies were designed or how the outcomes were measured. This systematic review found that there is a lack of good-quality, well-conducted randomised controlled trials that have looked at the effects and safety of high dose versus low dose stavUDine for the treatment of ART.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the benefits and harms of an open lung intervention in adults with ARDS. We found 10 RCTs (n = 1658 adults) that met our criteria for inclusion in the review. Six of the trials used a method known as 'randomization' to ensure that the patients in the treatment group received the treatment and the control group did not. The other six trials used an 'play of chance' (i.e. a play of chance). We found five trials to be at low risk of bias and five to be of high risk. The evidence is up to date as of March 2017. We did not find any trials that looked at the impact of the type of ventilation on the risk of dying in the ICU or in the hospital. We also found no trials that examined the effect of the use of an 'open lung ventilation' on the number of days after the operation (eight days). We judged the quality of the studies to be low or very low for all of the outcomes. This was due to problems with the way the trials were designed and run. For example, we found that in some trials, the people taking part were aware of the group to which group they were in, and this may have had some influence on the numbers of deaths. This may have led to imprecision in the results.
Fifteen randomised trials, with a total of 687 adults, were included in the review. We were not able to draw firm conclusions about the effectiveness of these treatments due to the lack of information. The use of 'as needed' medications was reduced in two studies, (47 adults) by the use of CBT. Three trials, (150 adults) assessed quality of life and found no difference between treatment and control. However, some pooled effects were found, suggesting that CBT may be helpful. There was no improvement in lung function or in the symptoms of asthma in any of the four trials that assessed these outcomes. Two trials (48 adults) found that bio-feedback (treatment in which the patient is taught how to 'feedback' (feed back) the treatment) may be more effective than no treatment, but this may have been due to flaws in the way the study was done. There were no clear differences in the side-effects of the treatments between the trials. The quality of the studies was poor and the sample sizes were often small. Larger, well-conducted and well-reported trials are needed in this area, in order to determine the effects of these techniques in the treatment of asthma.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at the effectiveness of any type of drug used to treat depression. We found 35 RCTs, with a total of 6785 participants, that looked at the effects of antidepressants and benzodiazepines. The evidence is up to date as of March 2016. We did not find any RCT data that could tell us whether or not any drug was better than any other in terms of the number of people who dropped out of the study due to any cause, but we found some low- to very low-to-very low-certainty evidence for the efficacy of one drug over the other (antidepressants). We did find some evidence that the SSRIs (SSRIs) that were used in most of the studies were more acceptable to people with depression. However, this was based on very few people and it was not possible to tell whether one drug was clearly better than the other. We were not able to tell if any one drug better than another for any of the outcomes we looked at. This was due to problems with the way the trials were done and made it very hard for us to draw conclusions. We also found some evidence suggesting that some drugs (antipsychotics) were better tolerated than other drugs (psychotics) in the short-term (i.e. for up to 12 weeks). We found no information on side effects. Based on the findings of this Cochrane review, we cannot tell whether drugs used in the long-term are any better or worse than drugs that are not used. This is mainly due to the fact that many of the drugs were not used very often in the trials. This means we do not know much about them.
Twenty-nine trials, that enrolled over 1,700 adults with pancreatic carcinoma, were eligible for this review. Three of these trials, which compared plastic stents to surgery, found that the use of a stent with a polyethylene (polyethylene) or perflouro alkoxy (alphoplastic acid) plastic stent was superior to surgery. There was a trend for a lower risk of 30-day deaths with plastic stenting. One of the trials that looked at metal stents found that it was more likely that the blockage of the stent came back (recurrences) after death than with surgery. However, there was a higher risk of recurrences when we looked at all types of stent. When we compared the types of plastic stented that are used in practice today, there is no evidence that one type is better than the other. In patients with short-term (i.e. those who live for less than one year) survival, the benefits of one type over the other may not be realised.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared any type of ultrasound guidance with any other type of guidance. We found five RCTs reporting 444 arterial cannusions in paediatric adults. Four RCT studies compared ultrasound with palpation, and one RCT compared the use of Doppler noise to guide the probe. It was not possible to blind practitioners in all of the studies, and this added to the risk of bias that is inherent to the type of study we looked at in our review. Our results suggest that, compared with other types of guidance, ultrasound guidance leads to more first-time (at first attempt) success rates and decreases the rate of complications. Our findings suggest, but do not confirm, that the first attempt success rate for ultrasound guidance is more pronounced in infants and small children than in adults. We rated the quality of the evidence for all outcomes as moderate owing to imprecision due to wide confidence intervals and small numbers of events. This is due to the fact that in some of the trials we found, the people giving the tests were not aware of whether they were in the ultrasound group or the control group and this could have led to bias.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) published up to April 2015. We found three RCTs (80 male students) and two ITSs published in the 1970s and 80s. Two of the ITSs looked at the effect of a ban on the use of all forms of alcohol. One of these looked at whether men were more or less likely to drink than men who were less or no different from those who watched videos with a neutral content. The other studies looked at how much or how few men were drinking when they were asked to drink low- or no drinks. All three ITSs examined whether or not men were able to drink up to 14.89 kilolitres per month. The results from the RCT and the ITS studies were mixed. The RCT found that young men were less than twice as likely to be drinking low-or no drinks when they watched videos that did not show a ban. The ITSs found that there was no evidence of a change in the amount of alcohol men drank. One study found that men who had a ban were about one-seventh of those who were not allowed to drink high- or neutral content videos. The effect of the ban on how much men drank was not clear. This means that we do not know if the ban had an impact on how many men drank, how much of their drinking was changed or whether it had had any side effects. The quality of the studies was very low due to problems with the way they were done. The evidence from the ITSS was of very low or very low quality. We judged this to be due to a lack of randomisation and imprecision.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at the short-term growth and long-term effects of MCTs and LCTs. We found eight RCTs, with a total of 182 infants, that looked at the effects of these types of formula on growth, brain growth and brain growth. We did not find any evidence that one type of formula was better than the other, or that it had less side-effects. However, we did find some evidence that a high MCT formula did not give babies as much weight gain as a low MCT, but it may have given them less growth gain. We do not know what the best formula is based on. There is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the effects of amnioinfusion for intrauterine pressure catheters. We included one RCT with 34 women. This RCT was of high risk of bias overall, due to small numbers of participants and inconsistency in reporting and lack of information on blinding. We did not find any RCTs that looked at the benefits or harms of giving antibiotics for the amniotic cavity. We found one trial (with data from 34 women) that compared the use of transabdomicillin and gentamycin. This trial did not have enough participants to be able to draw any conclusions about the usefulness of these drugs. We also did not identify any trials that used other amniotics or that used antibiotics. The evidence from this RCT is up to date as of March 2017.
The Mini-Cog is a test that has been used in the past to assess the ability of the brain to process information from the brain. It is one of a type of test that uses information from both the brain and the brain's specialised brain. The aim of the review was to find out whether this test could be used as a cognitive test in community settings. The search identified three randomised, well-conducted, randomised controlled trials that assessed the diagnostic test accuracy of the Mini theCog in community populations. These three studies met the inclusion criteria, with a total of 1620 adults. There were problems with the way each of the studies was done, which prevented a pooled meta-analysis of the results. There are not enough well-designed studies to be able to draw any conclusions.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, short- and long-term trials of amphetamines in adults with ADHD. We found 19 studies that looked at three types of amphetamine: dexamphetamine, lisdexamfetamine, and mixed amphetamine salts. These studies enrolled 2521 adults; most were middle-aged men (35.3 years), Caucasian males (57.2%), and adults with a combined type of ADHD (78.8%). Eighteen studies were from the USA, and one study was from both Canada and the USA. Most studies had short-term follow-up and an mean study length of 5.3 weeks. Sixteen studies were funded by the drug industry, one of them was publicly funded, and two studies did not report their funding sources. Amphetamines: we found low- to very low- and low-to-very low-quality studies that showed that amphetaminergics (dexamphetamine, modafinil, or paroxetine) were better than a fake drug (placebo) in terms of quality of life, cognition (e.g. how well the drug worked), and how well it worked compared with placebo. We did not find evidence that any more or less well than fake drug or no treatment. We could not tell whether one amphetamine was better than the other for any of the outcomes we looked at. This was mainly due to the fact that many of the people in the trials dropped out, and because we did not have many data. We were not able to tell whether the amphetamine drugs were any better or worse than the fake drug because of the way the trial was done. We also thought that people who took part of the drug were more or more likely to drop out of the trial than those who did not take part. This is likely to have had to do with differences in how the drug was used and how it worked.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of vitamin D for chronic pain. We found 10 RCTs, with a total of 811 participants, that addressed this topic. The studies were diverse in terms of the type of chronic pain they looked at, the dose of Vitamin D given, the co-interventions, and the way each outcome was assessed. Overall, there was no evidence that Vitamin D treatment was better than placebo (fake medicine) in any of the studies we looked at. Adverse events and withdrawals from treatment were very rare, with no difference between the treatment group and the placebo group. Based on this review update, we found that the quality of the evidence for the effects of the effect of the drug on chronic pain is good. This review has been up-to-date as of March 2015.
Forty-one randomised studies involving more than 200 practices and 48,000 patients were included in this review. In all of the trials, the interventions used were multifaceted. In 12 of these studies, the intervention was targeted at health providers, in nine of these they were targeted at the organisation of care, and in 20 studies they were aimed at both. In 15 of these, the education of patients was added to the education provided to the professional and the provision of patient care. In this way, we found that educating people with diabetes about the need to take care of their own health improved their health. In the same way, in which the role of the nurse was enhanced, we also found that patients’ health improved. The effect on their health outcomes was not clear as these outcomes were rarely assessed. In 11 of the 21 studies, there was some variation in the way that the studies were done. This means that we were often not able to draw conclusions about the quality of the research methods. However, we think that the fact that many of the people in the study knew what group they were in, and that this may have had some influence on the way the research was done, makes it important.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, well-conducted trials that looked at the effect of a LNG-IUS compared with any other method of birth control. We found five randomised trials involving a total of 1503 women. Three of the trials looked at one method over a three-year follow-up (three years). One of these looked at a combined contraceptive patch. The other three looked at two types of methods. Two of the three studies had small sample sizes. The trials compared the following types of method: combined oral contraceptive patch versus transdermal contraceptive ring, or levonorgestrel. In the three trials that examined the same method, the study arms did not seem to have any difference in how well the method worked or how well it worked over three years. In one of the studies, the women in the COC group had about three times the chance of dropping out of the trial. The COC with a patch had about the same success over one and three years, and the CICU with an IUD did not have as much effect. In another study, the chances of the IUD being still in place after three years seemed at least as high as that for the CVC. We judged the quality of the evidence to be moderate to low. Limitations were due to the way the trials were done and the fact that some of the women knew which method they were in, which could have had some bias.
Eighty-eight randomised, double blind, placebo controlled trials were included in this review. There were 42 trials of immunotherapy for house mite allergy; 27 trials of pollen allergy; 10 trials of animal dander allergy; two trials of Cladosporium fillers; and six trials of combinations of several allergen drugs. Allergen immunosteroids were shown to be able to improve the symptoms of patients with asthma. There was a reduction in the severity of symptoms and in the use of inhaled bronchodilators in the short-term (up to three months) and long-term outcomes (i.e. quality of life and lung function) in patients treated with immunotherapy. This was achieved even though there were some limitations with the way the trials were done. The evidence from the trials was of very low or very low quality. This was due to problems with how the studies were done and the fact that people knew whether they were in the treatment group or the placebo group and this could have led to bias.
We did not find any new studies in this review update. The total number of studies remained unchanged, six studies with 1297 patients. We found that lung-protective ventilation reduced the risk of death at day 28 and at the end of the hospital stay. The risk of dying in the hospital was reduced with the use of a 'placebo' (i.e. a machine to keep the airway open and open) ventilation. Overall death was not different if a plateau pressure less than or equal to or more than 31 cm H2O was used in the control group. There was not enough data to know whether this was related to the type of ventilator used or whether it had an impact on the length of time patients were in hospital and on how long they were in the ICU. The effects on long-term deaths are unknown, although the possibility of a benefit cannot be ruled out. Ventilation with lower tidal volumes is becoming a routine method of treatment for acute lung injury, which has led to more research in this area.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing propofol with sevoflurane in 1833 adults. We included 15 RCTs with 1833 participants. We found low- to very low-to-very low-quality evidence that is of low quality that is likely to inform us about the effects of anesthetics. We did not find any high-quality studies that were of high quality. For our main outcomes, we found that the time to emergence from anaesthesia was longer with isoflureane (three minutes longer, 95% confidence interval (CI) -5.41 to -1.18) and time to onset of analgesia was not different with propofo (three or four hours). We found no evidence of a difference in the risk of shivering or pain with either drug. We also found no differences in the risks of nausea and vomiting with both drugs. We were not able to draw conclusions about side effects because of the very low quality of the evidence. We need high-level, well-conducted studies that are large enough to be sure of the results.
We searched for randomised, double blind, placebo controlled trials (where people are allocated at random to one of two or more treatment groups) of adults with high blood pressure. We found four trials with 15,936 people. The mean age of the trials was 75.4 years. The trials were of variable size and there was not enough information to tell us whether blood pressures were reduced or not. The pooled results from the three trials that looked at the effect of blood pressure lowering in late-life (i.e. after six months or more) did not show any benefit from treatment. However, more patients on placebo in Syst Eur 1997 were likely to discontinue treatment due to side effects; the converse was true in SHEP 1991. There were significant problems in the way the trials were done and analysed. In most of the people in the studies did not know whether they were in the treatment group or the group that was in the placebo group and this could have led to bias.
We searched for randomised controlled trials that compared PTCA with PTCRA in patients with in-stent re-stanosis. We found 12 randomised trials enrolling 3474 patients. The overall risk of bias was unclear for the main of articles due to a lack of data; however, the studies were at low risk as most data outcomes were objective (e.g. death vs. no death). There was no evidence of the effectiveness in the treatment of non-complex lesions. In complex lesions, there were no differences in re-stenosis rates at six months and at one year in those who had either an angioplasty (pTCA) or an in-cardiac surgery (PTCA). There was no difference in the risk of death or the need for cardiac surgery in the in-hospital period in those having an incardiovenous angioplastasty. There were no data to assess the effect of the procedure on major adverse events (myocardial infarction (MI), emergency cardiac surgery (death) or death) or on the number of patients who had a heart attack or had cardiac surgery. The risk of re-osteoporosis was about twice that of those who received PTCa. In non-clostracyclic lesions, we found that the use of PTCAA did not result in any more or less harm. However, when we looked at the results of all trials together, we did not find evidence that it was any better or worse in terms of patient outcomes. This is an area that requires further research.
Three RCTs involving 333 adults with bronchiolitis were identified. Two of these were multicentre randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo controlled studies. The other study was single-blind and involved adults who were treated with antibiotics. All three studies used 2.5 mL (1 mg/mL) of nebulised rhDNase compared with placebo. The results based on the three studies in this review did not support the use of inhaled RhDNase. The largest study showed no difference in the duration of stay in the ICU or in ICU. This study did not report on any of the outcomes that we thought were of interest. Overall, the results from the three trials did not show benefit from nebulized rh DNase. There were no major side effects. These were short-term cough, hoarseness, dyspnoea (bad taste) and nasal decongestants (antibiotics). There was no information on the long-term health of these patients.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the use of the percutaneous approach with cut-down femoral artery access. We found two RCTs with a total of 181 participants. One study was a large study with few sources of bias and good methodology. The other was a larger study with a larger number of participants and good methods. We did not find any studies that looked at death or the need for surgery in the short-term (i.e. over three months) or long-term. Only one study looked at aneurysm removal and found no differences between the two groups. There was no difference in the risk of death in the three months between the groups, or in bleeding complications and haematoma (blood in the brain). We found no information on the length of time it took for surgery to be done. We were not able to draw conclusions about the time to open the artery or how long it took to do the surgery because there were problems with the way the surgery was done. The quality of evidence for the main outcome of death was very low to moderate. This was due to problems with how the study was done and the way it was run.
The review of trials found that the sponge was less effective than the diaphragm in the short-term (12 months) in the USA and the UK, but it was more efficacious at 12 months. Allergic-type reactions to the sponge were more common with the sponge, although the numbers of women dropping out of the trial for any reason were similar in both groups. The trial in the UK was large and had a high dropout rate, but this did not seem to be a factor in the longer term.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo controlled trials of treatments for HCL. We found six randomised studies that looked at the use of a drug to prevent or treat HCL in adults. We were able to combine data from three of these studies, but we were not able to do a meta-analysis due to differences in the types of treatments being assessed and the way the studies were done. Three of the trials looked at drugs to help people with HCL to improve their cognition. Two studies looked at a drug called methylphenidate. In the first, there was some improvement in cognition, but it was not enough to show us whether or not the drug helped or not. The second found no difference between groups, but there were more side effects in the placebo groups. The third study looked at rehabilitation. There were a few side-effects in the modafinil group and donepezil group in the first six months of treatment, but these did not seem to have been important to people. We did not find any data to show whether drugs were more or less likely to cause side-effect (adverse effects) in the people in the treatment groups. There was no information on the long-term effects of drugs. We could not draw any conclusions about the effects of drug treatment on HCL due to the small amount of data.
We searched for randomised controlled trials that looked at the effectiveness of any type of surgery or medical treatment in the treatment of iatrogenic (angina-like) nerve injury. We found only two studies that were of high risk of bias. The age range of participants was from 17 to 55 years. Both studies looked at whether surgery reduced the amount of nerve damage in the nose and mouth. There was some low-level laser treatment that was as good as no surgery. However, there were some problems with the way the studies were done and the way they were run and reported. This made it very hard to tell whether surgery was better or worse in terms of patient-reported pain, change in taste perception and change in the appearance of the mouth and nose. One large, high-risk study of 13 patients found that surgery resulted in more patients dropping out of the treatment group than did no surgery, and this may or may not have had an impact on the change in symptoms. We were not able to draw any conclusions as to the effects of surgery on pain, quality of life or side effects due to the lack of data. There were no data to look at the safety of surgery. There is a need for more research in this area. The overall quality of the evidence was very low as a result of limitations in the conduct and reporting of the trials and the imprecision of the results.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of oestrogen and progestogen combinations in women with a perinatal (fetal or neonatal) or low birthweight of less than 2500 g. We also wrote to researchers to find other RCTs. We found one RCT that was based on 161 women who had a history of diabetes. This trial did not show any difference in the rates of miscarriage between the oestroestrogen group and the no treatment group. However, there was an increased risk of maternal cancer in the progestin group. The second RCT based on pregnant women who received in-vitro fertilisation (IVF) did not find any differences in the rate of miscarriage in either group. Similarly, there were no differences between the combined oestrogestogen/progestogen group versus placebo for other secondary outcomes, such as the number of women with preterm births (births) or deaths of their babies. This study did not report on the incidence of cancer other than that of the women’s reproductive system. We were not able to properly assess the risk of bias in this trial. The evidence from this review is up to date as of March 2014.
This review found that both tricyclic antidepressant drugs (TCAs) and SSRIs are effective for the treatment of depression in primary care. The review looked at the results of 14 randomised, short-term (6-8 weeks) and long-term trials. The findings showed that for TCAs, the results showed that 1.28 people in 100 would need to be treated with a TCAs for one to experience one episode of depression. This was about one-seventh of the number of participants in the placebo groups who would have been in the TCAs groups. SSRins, the antidepressant drugs used in general practice, have not been shown to be any more or less likely to cause side-effects than either TCAs or SSRis. Side-effects may have been due to the use of antidepressants.
This is an update of the original review published in 2013. We found no new studies for this update. Ibuprofen 400 mg was better than placebo (fake medicine) for 2-hour headache relief (26% versus 12%) and 24-hour pain relief (45% versus 19%) in the short-term (2-hour) and medium-term, but not longer-term. Higher dose (400 mg) was not as good as lower dose (200 mg) for relieving headache pain, but the longer term (two hours) was better. Adverse events were mostly mild and transient, with ibuprofen 400 mg and placebo and no differences were found in the longer- and long-term pain or headache relief.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the effectiveness of any form of OTC artificial tear. We found 43 RCTs that involved 3497 adults with dry eye. We were unable to pool the data from the trials as there were differences in the types of OCTs used and the way each study was done. Our review found that, in general, we found that there was uncertainty whether different OTC (acrylamide-based) artificial tears were as good as each other or a fake (placebo) tear. However, we did find that 0.2% polyacralic acid-based artificial tears appeared to be more effective at treating dry eye symptoms than 1.4% polyvinyl (white, clear, and clear) alcohol-based (cryopreserved) tears. All other types of oTC tears were either no more or no worse than a fake tear. Our findings also found that OTC oral tears may be safe and effective means for the treatment of dry eye syndrome; the studies we found did not find evidence that they were any worse than fake or fake tears. OTC ointment may be generally safe, but not without adverse events. We assessed the quality of evidence as low due to high risk of bias (i.e. there were problems with the way the trials were done and reported) and poor reporting of how the studies were done. Furthermore, we identified an additional 18 studies that were not reported in the trials and for whom no data were available. These studies enrolled 2079 adults and involved 2079 participants. These trials did not use the same OTC tears, so we were not able to draw conclusions about whether or not any one OTC form was better than the other.
The aim of this Cochrane review was to assess the effects of second-line therapies in patients with HIV who fail first-line treatment with the World Health Organization-recommended regimen. We found one randomised trial in 136 patients that looked at whether or not lamivudine was kept in place in the blood of those who did not in the first year after treatment with HIV drugs. Two other studies reported in abstract form did not find any difference in the proportion of those with HIV virus suppression after six months and time to HIV-1 virus suppression among those on a lamavudine or emtricitabine (FTC) treatment or on a 3TC/FTC treatment. There were no studies that looked into whether there were any differences in how long the drugs last and how well they worked, or whether they had to be stopped or stopped for any long-term follow-up. Longer-term (six months to 12 months) data on how well the drugs worked, as well as short-term data on the effect of different types of drugs on HIV virus control were not found. One randomised study in 136 adults with HIV found no evidence of a difference in virological suppression between those who were on a 2TC or 3TC and those on an FTC or FTC. Two of the other studies we looked at did not have enough information to know if there was a change in the risk of virolosis in the group on a 4TC/5TC or 5TC dose or in the percentage of people who stopped the drug for any longer than in the 3TC or 4TC group. There was no information on how long people had to stop the drug or how long it took for the drug to stop. There is a need for good-quality research in this area.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo controlled trials (RCTs) of tests that looked at the ability of any of these tests to tell us whether or not a child is sick. We found 133 RCTs involving 844,206 patients. We evaluated a total of 13 tests that could be used to diagnose difficult laryngoscopy, face masks, and difficult tracheal intubation. These tests were compared with each other or with other tests that were not used in the same way. For the tests that used the same test, we found six studies for the Mallampati test, 105 for the modified Mallampai test, six for the Wilson risk score, 52 for the sternomental distance test, 34 for the mouth opening test, and 30 for the upper lip bite test. The results showed that when the test was used with the same tests, children who received the test were more than twice as likely to have a tube placed back in their throat. The test that looked into the mouth to see if the mouth was closed (mouth opening test) identified more of these problems with the test than those who had the mouth closed and were not seen with the other tests. However, this test was not as good as the others. When the test looked down the throat to see the inside of the throat, the test showed that the tube was still in place when it was closed. We judged this test to be the best test we could find. When we looked at all of the tests we found, we were not able to tell whether any of them was good enough to help us decide whether a child was sick or not. We were unable to draw conclusions about the usefulness of any one test over the other because of problems with how well the tests were done. All of the studies we found were of low or very low risk of bias, which means that we can trust them.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo controlled trials of probiotics that were used to treat diarrhoea. We found three randomised trials with a total of 8014 participants. Of these, 56 of the studies were done in children and adults (infants and adults). The trials used probiotics for a wide range of infections, so the findings may not be applicable to all. Probiotics did appear to be safe and to have clear effects in shortening the length of time patients spent in the hospital, and they did not seem to cause any harm. However, the size of the effect varied a great deal, so we cannot be sure of this.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at the benefits and harms of new types of nidotherapy. We found one RCT that looked at the short-term (up to six months) and the medium-term effects of new forms of standard care. This RCT involved 52 adults with schizophrenia who were followed up for up to 12 months. We did not find any RCTs that examined the long-term benefits or harms of this new form of care. The evidence from this RCT is of very low or very low quality. This means that we are very uncertain about the results. The RCT authors did not report all their data and we were not able to combine many of their data. However, they did report some of their results in a form that we could use in this review. The authors of the RCT found that people who received standard care were more likely to leave the study earlier in the short term (six months), but not in the medium term (12 months). This may have been due to the fact that they were treated in a way that did not allow them to know whether they were in the'real' care group or the 'placebo' group. They did not have enough data to know if standard care was good or bad in the long term.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared pregabalin with placebo (fake medicine) or no treatment in adults with neuropathic pain. We found eight RCTs, five of which (3283 adults) had a very old (old) design. The evidence is up to date as of March 2018. We did not find any new studies for the update of this review. We included eight studies. We reran the search in February 2019. We will deal with the one new trial of pregABalin for the review when we next update the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Cochrane Glossary. Pregabalin was found to be effective in the short-term (up to 13 weeks) and medium-to-long term (longer term) for about 50% of people with painful limbs. This was about the same for both short- and long-term pain, with about 9% more people with pain 300 to 600 mg and about 10% with 600 mg or 600 mg, and about 11% with 1000 mg or 1000 mg and 400 mg and 600 mg. The quality of the evidence was high. There was no difference in the number of people who dropped out of the RCT for any reason, although this may have been due to problems with the way the study was done. There were no data to compare other medicines that are used to treat painful limbs, with each other or with other medicines used in the same way. This is a well-known weakness of the drug that has been used for more than 50 years. This means that many of the studies that have been done in this way have been over 20 years old and have not been well designed or reported in a way that we could include in our meta-analysis. However, we judged this to be high in terms of quality of evidence. This review has been updated twice (2008 and 2013), so we have updated the review twice (2014 and 2015).
We searched for randomised controlled trials (involving women with mild pre-eclampsia at term) that looked at the use of magnesium sulphate in the treatment of this condition. We found only one randomised trial involving 135 women. This trial did not report any of this review's main outcomes. The evidence from this study did not allow us to draw any conclusions as to whether or not the drug is safe and effective. There was no difference in Apgar score less than seven at five minutes, nor in the gestational age at birth, in the rates of postpartum haemorrhage and caesarean section. There were more maternal side effects (feeling warm and flush) in the calcium-based treatment group than in the placebo group. However, no differences in side effects that were severe enough to stop the drug were seen. We did not find any evidence that the drug had any side effects other than mild gastrointestinal side effects. The trial was at low risk of bias.
This review aimed to find out whether any of these programmes aimed at Indigenous people could help them to quit smoking. We searched for randomised, well-conducted studies that assessed whether any type of stop smoking programme was designed to help people to quit. We found four of these to be suitable for inclusion in the review. Due to this lack of studies and the fact that there were so few studies, we were not able to draw any conclusions from the results. The studies we found did, in the short-term, seem to show that these programmes can help some smokers to quit, but they do not seem to work as well in non-Indigenous populations. This review highlights the paucity of studies that have been done to test whether stop smoking programmes specifically aimed at people who live in Indigenous groups can help them quit. This is because there have been so few trials that we are not sure how these programmes work.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found 13 studies involving 5686 adults who were randomized to a PAC or a non-PAC control group that compared the use of a PAC with standard care or no PAC. We included studies of high-risk surgery patients (eight studies) and low-risk (i.e. those at high risk) patients (five or very low risk) in our meta-analysis. We considered all of the trials to have a high risk of bias, that is, we were not aware of the group to which the patients were assigned and this might have had an impact on the results. We were able to combine the results of eight of the 13 studies for meta-analysement. The pooled risk ratio (RR) for deaths was 1.02 (95% CI -0.96 to 1.09) and for the RR for hospital deaths was 0.98. Of the eight high- risk surgery patients, five of the studies looked at the effect of the PAC on death but there was no difference in deaths when we looked at them in the same way. The RR for deaths in the ICU was not very large (1.02). Of the four studies that looked at how much the PAC cost, two of these reported costs based on hospital costs, which on average were higher in the PAC groups. Our review found that use of PAC did not change the number of deaths, ICU deaths or ICU LOS, or the cost for adult patients in intensive care. The quality of the evidence was high for deaths and LOS but low for cost. We think that the fact that it was not known whether a PAC was beneficial or not, may have been the reason for this.
The review of trials found that venepuncture, when performed by a skilled phlebotomist, appears to be the method of choice for blood sampling in term neonates. The use of a sweet-tartar solution reduces the pain caused by the procedure.
This review aimed to find out whether suturing the perineal wound after childbirth reduced the risk of dyspareunia (wound ulcerative colitis) or not. We searched for randomised studies that had looked at the effects of sutured and non-sutured surgery in women who had had a episiotomy for childbirth. We did not find any randomised trials that looked at primary sutures. We found one randomised controlled study that did look at wound healing at less than four weeks, but there was no reference to how the wound was measured. There was a trend to favour the resuturing group, but this result was not clear. Similarly, there were no differences between the two groups in terms of pain at any time in the first six months or two months, or in the numbers of women who resumed sexual sex by two months and six months. Significantly more of the women in the secondary suture group had resumed sex by one month, but by six months there was little or no difference between the groups. Neither of the trials looked at pain, satisfaction with the results of surgery, exclusive breastfeeding, the quality of life of the mothers or any of the other outcomes we were asked about. Overall, we found there was not a lot of good-quality, well-conducted studies to look at the benefits and harms of the two types of surgery.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of any type of medicine used for treating flu in adults. We found 18 RCTs involving 2521 adults. Most of the studies were of low or very low quality. Only three of the trials found that Chinese herbal herbs may be more effective than antiviral drugs in the short term (up to three months), and in the long term (more than three months). We did not find any evidence that any of the herbs were better than other types of medicine in terms of their long-term safety, nor in the occurrence of side effects. There were no data to assess the effect of medicines used for influenza in the longer term.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of thrombolytic treatments in people with CVCs. We found 8 RCTs that met our inclusion criteria. These studies were randomised, randomised and double blind, but with a high risk of bias. We were able to find low- to very low-to-very low-certainty evidence that thrombopoietic drugs (such as alteplase or urokinase) may restore catheters and may reduce the risk of catheter blockage. There was no information about the best dose or administration method. Based on low or very low certainty data, we were not able to draw any conclusion as to the best treatment due to the lack of information. This is due to limitations in the way the RCT was done and the fact that it was done.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at the benefits and harms of adding a drug to the standard treatment for metastatic breast cancer. We found 17 RCTs, with 2674 patients randomised, that looked at the effects of adding one or more drugs to the usual treatment. There were 1532 deaths in 2116 of whom were randomised to the treatment group and 2116 to the control group (the group that did not have a drug). There was no difference in the time to progression (the length of time it took for the cancer to progress after receiving the drug) or in how long the cancer took to get worse. Addition of a drug did seem to help the tumour shrink and make tumours shrink more resistant to treatment, but this did not seem to make the cancer shrink longer or make any difference to the time until the cancer got worse. There was also an increased risk of side effects such as alopecia, nausea and vomiting with the use of a medicine called leucopenia.
The aim of this review was to assess the benefits and harms of the use of a non-inpatient care. We found 10 random or quasi-randomised controlled trials with a total of 1896 patients. There was no difference in inpatient deaths or deaths to longest follow up. However, the risk of death was higher for the NLU but not for ICU care. The risk of readmissions to the ICU was lower for NLU care but this may have been due to the increased length of time spent in hospital. One of the studies found that costs of care for the non inpatient care group of a NLU were higher for UK studies but lower for US based studies. There is some evidence that patients discharged from a non inpatients care NLU are better prepared for discharge but it is not clear if this is simply a product of an increased duration of inpatient stay. More research is needed.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared any type of CTS treatment with no treatment or a 'placebo' (fake) treatment. We found 11 RCTs, with 414 adults with CTS. Most of the trials were of low or very low quality, which means that their results may not be valid. There is not a lot of information to tell us about the effects of one treatment over the other. One low quality RCT with 68 adults found that, compared with a fake treatment, the use of ultrasound may increase the chance of having a short-term improvement in the short term, although losses to follow-up and failure to adjust for the relationship between the wrist in participants with bilateral CTS in this study suggest that this data should be interpreted with some caution. Another low quality trial with 60 adults found a similar result, but the risk of bias was high in some of the studies and unclear or high in other. Overall, there is not enough information to know whether one treatment is more effective than any other.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of statins in people with a history of stroke or transient ischaemic stroke. We found eight RCTs involving about 10,000 people. These studies were randomised, double blind, placebo controlled and double blind and looked at whether statins helped reduce the risk of stroke, death or any of the other types of stroke that have been shown in the past. We did not find any evidence that statins were any more or less likely to cause harm in the long term (i.e. death due to any cause) than placebo or no treatment. There was some evidence that, in the longer term, statins may reduce the chances of a future stroke or death in those who have had a stroke or had had a TIA (a stroke in the first 24 hours after having a stroke). There was no information on whether or not statins had an impact on the risk for long-term deaths or any other type of stroke.
We searched for randomised, well-conducted, large-scale, short-term (12 weeks or more) trials of campaigns that aimed to change people’s use of tobacco. We found 11 studies that looked at whether or not these programmes changed the way in which people used their stop-smoked drugs. We also looked at how effective campaigns were, how long they were run, how many people quit and how long it took for people to quit, and how effective they were. We were able to combine results from seven of the 11 studies, which showed that in the USA, people who were part of a state-wide tobacco control programme were more than twice as likely to quit smoking, up to eight years after the start of the programme. People who were in a large, large, long-term trial of the same type of campaign were four times more satisfied with the programme than those who were not part of the campaign. This was the case even though in three of the other three large studies that did not show a change in smoking behaviour. There were no clear differences between groups of smokers and ex-smokers in terms of whether they quit or quit, but in one large study there were more quit quit rates in the group of smokers who had quit smoking. There was no clear effect on age, ethnicity or gender. We could not tell whether campaigns were any more or less likely to change with regard to how they were conducted. This is probably due to the fact that people knew whether they were in the programme or not.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of yoga on mental health and quality of life in adults. We found 24 RCTs that were randomised to either yoga or no treatment. These trials compared yoga with no treatment or with psychosocial/educational treatment. We were able to combine data from 23 of these trials for meta-analysis. The quality of evidence from these trials was moderate to very low. This means that we can draw no firm conclusions about the benefits or harms of yoga for people with mental health problems. Some of the trials had limitations in terms of how they were done or not done, or how they randomised people to treatment or not, and this could have led to bias. We did not find evidence that yoga was any more or less likely to cause side-effects such as tiredness or fatigue in the short term or in the long term. Yoga did not seem to cause more or fewer major side effects than other types of yoga. Four of the 24 studies were well-conducted and reported, so we judged them to be at low risk of bias. This review is up-to-date as of March 2018.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at early and late imaging after brain surgery for glioma. We found one RCT that compared early imaging with no post-operative imaging in 125 people who had surgery for GBM. This study was of very low or very low risk of bias. Evidence from this RCT suggests that there may be little or no differences in survival (deaths) or in quality of life (quality of life) for people with GBM who undergo brain surgery. There may also be no difference in survival or in health outcomes for people who have GBM grade 4 or grade 5. However, we found no information on the effects of other types of imaging. We did not find any information on survival or on other aspects of life or health. The evidence from this study was very low to very low certainty. This was due to the fact that it was very old and there were differences in the type of surgery and the way it was done. Therefore, we were unable to draw conclusions about the benefits or harms of any one method over the other.
We searched for randomised, well-conducted studies that randomised people with schizophrenia to take chlorpromazine or metiapine or another antipsychotic drug in the treatment of their mental health problems. We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) randomising 161 participants. Data were available for only two of our seven main outcomes. There was no clear difference in the main outcomes of improvement in mental state, readmission due to relapse, satisfaction with treatment, aggressive or violent behaviour, or cost of care. Chlorpromazine has been the mainstay antipsychotics for decades, yet there is no useable information to show whether this drug is better or worse than other. There is a need to know whether or not the drug is more or less likely to cause side effects such as dizziness, drowsiness, dry mouth, and parkinsonism. However, the RCTs were of low or very low quality and the data were too few to draw conclusions about the effects of the drug.
Twenty-three studies were identified for this review. The use of nitroimidazole antibiotics, mesalamine, budesonide, tenovil and interleukin-10 in combination with azathioprine/6MP was found to be more likely than placebo to reduce the risk of recurrence of the disease. However, the use of these drugs was associated with a higher risk of side effects. When we looked at the results of the six-month trials of mesalamin, we found that the drug was more likely to cause serious side effects but this did not seem to cause more harm. We did not find evidence that any of the drugs were better than placebo for any of our outcomes. There were too few data to draw conclusions about the effects of other drugs.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of psychosocial interventions that aimed to help adults with substance abuse to quit. We found seven RCTs, with a total of 885 participants, that looked at the effectiveness of any type of psycho-behavioural treatment. We judged the quality of evidence for the main outcomes to be very low. There were problems with the design of some of the trials and, for the most part, the way they were done. For example, many of the studies did not give details of their funding sources. This made it hard to assess the risk of bias in the trials. We did not find any evidence that any form of psychological treatment was better than any other in terms of whether or not people had quit drinking and how many participants were still in the treatment groups three months after the end of treatment. There was no difference between groups for any of the main outcome measures we looked at. For the other outcomes we found, there was no information. There is a need for good-quality, well-conducted, large-scale studies that focus on the effects of a non-drug ways of helping people with substance use that are not drug-based.
We searched for studies up to April 2014 and found 23 trials with 1586 participants. Fifty-eight per cent of these studies were from five unpublished studies. We found no new trials when we searched for trials in 2014. The risk of bias in the trials varied. All 23 trials claimed to be randomised, but there were problems with the way they were done. Compared to placebo, quinine reduced cramps and cramps intensity by 28% and cramp days by 20%, and the length of time it took for the cramps to get worse (cramps lasting for up to two weeks) by 10% and 20% and 50% and even 50% or more, and the duration of the cramp was not changed. Quinine did not seem to cause serious unwanted side effects, but it may cause minor side effects such as stomach pain. One person had thrombocytopenia (blood clots in their legs) in the intravenous treatment group (0.12%), but this did not appear to cause any major side effects. There were no data on the effects of other drugs that can be used to treat cramps.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo-controlled trials (where people are assigned to one of two or more treatment groups) looking at the effects of magnesium for pregnancy-associated leg cramp. We searched for trials up to March 2017. We found seven trials involving a total of 406 people. Three of the trials were large (involving 202 women with leg cramps) and four were small (included 322 people with idiopathic cramp) and had cross-over groups (where one group was treated with magnesium and the other group was not). We found that magnesium was no better or worse than a fake drug (placebo) in terms of percentage change from baseline in the number of cramps per week or per week. The percentage of people who had a 25% or more decrease in cramp intensity or cramp time from the start of the trial did not change. This was the same for both magnesium and placebo groups. Withdrawals due to adverse events were not more often in the magnesium group than in the no treatment group. However, there were more dropouts due to side effects in the placebo group and this may have been due to the use of other drugs. We could not tell whether or not there were any serious side effects. We judged the quality of the studies to be moderate for most of the outcomes we looked at, but low to very low for some of the other outcomes. This means that the true effect of magnesium may differ a lot from what this review shows.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that examined the effects of a six-month, home-based, combined muscle strength and recumbent cycle ergometry training program versus usual care in adults with SMA. The age range of the participants was between 10 years and 48 years. The evidence is up to date as of March 2018. We found one RCT that looked at the impact of strength training on the outcomes six months after the end of the six-minute walk test and six months' follow-up. This RCT was funded by the National Institute of Health, USA, the US Food and Drug Administration, and the US Navy. The RCT compared strength training with usual care. The change from the start of the RCT (9.4 m) was not detected in the training group compared with the change in the usual care group (0.14 m). Cardiopulmonary fitness was similar in the strength training group and the control group (1.22 mL/kg/min, 95% CI -2.16 to 4.6; N = 12). The change in peak oxygen uptake (VO2max) was similar between the strength-training and the treatment group in the six months of the trial. The quality of evidence for all outcomes was very low. This was due to limitations in the design of the study and the fact that it was not possible for people to be blinded to the type of intervention they received. We were not able to draw any conclusions from this very low-certainty evidence.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind trials of surgery for cervical radiculopathy or myelopathy. We found two randomised trials with a total of 149 patients. One trial found that surgery may provide pain relief faster than physiotherapy or hard collar immobilization in the short-term for pain, weakness or sensory loss; at one year, there were no differences between groups. One of the trials found no differences between surgery and conservative treatment in three years after surgery. The other found no differences in the long-term. Both trials had significant risks of bias and were at high risk of bias. There is low- to very low-to-very low-risk of bias for both of these findings. This means that we are very uncertain about the results. Further research is very likely to have an impact on how confident we are in the findings and our confidence in them.
This review looked at the effects of the use of phone calls to GP's and clinics to provide care for adults with cancer. We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at six types of health care workers: four by a doctor, three by a nurse and one by a clinic clerk. Three of five RCTs found a decrease in the frequency of GP's visits but two found a significant increase in the number of return consultations. In general at least 50% of calls were handled by telephone advice alone. We did not find any difference between nurse telephone triage and usual care. We also looked at deaths and found no difference in the numbers of people who died in the GP's or clinics but there may have been some bias in the way some of the research was done. Telephone consultation appears to reduce the amount of surgery contacts and out-of-hours visits by GPs and nurses. However, questions remain about its effects on service use and on the costs. Future research needs to look at how often and for how long phone calls are made, how often they are made and how long the phone is used.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at the long-term effects of MI in adults at high risk. We found 84 RCTs, with a total of 22,872 participants, that looked at the effect of MI on the number of people who drank, used, or dropped out of the studies. The evidence is current to May 2016. We included RCT studies that followed people for at least four months to see how much or how often they drank and how many drinks they drank. We also looked at how much and how long the study was done and if it lasted. We did not look at studies that did not follow up people for a long time (i.e. for longer than four months). We found that people who had been in the MI group consumed about 13.7 drinks/week less than those in the control group who were in the 'placebo' group. This means that for four or more months follow-up, we found improvements in the amount of alcohol they consumed and in the quality of drinking and use of alcohol. People who received MI were about half as likely to have binge drinking or binge drinking, and had about one-seventh of the risk of having a drink that they did not drink or drink less than 12.5 drinks per week. There was no evidence that the MI was any more or less likely to cause harms than people in the group that was in the ‘placebo’ group. We were not able to tell whether or not there were any harms related to the use of MI. The quality of the evidence was moderate or low for most of the outcomes we looked at, which means that the true results may be quite different from what this review shows.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to March 2017. We found 29 RCTs (n = 2210 participants) that looked at the effects of different types of inhaler techniques. All participants had asthma, and follow-up ranged from 2 to 26 weeks. Most studies were at high risk of bias, which means that their results may have been biased. For both adults and children, how and when inhaler technique was assessed (e.g. how far people were able to breathe and how far they could breathe) appeared to affect how well the inhaler worked and how well it worked. People who had a face-to-face (i.e. in the form of a self-help manual) training session showed improvement in most of the studies, both in the short- and long-term, and at the end of the study. In addition, we found that when we looked at how well people breathed, how well they breathed and how good their breathing was, we were more likely to be able to tell whether their inhaler was good or good enough. This was the case even though we could not tell whether people were more or less likely to have an 'exacerbation' (a flare-up) or 'unwanted' event because of the way the RCT was done. Some studies did not report flare-ups (flare-ups) in a way that allowed us to analyse them; others did not. We were not able to draw conclusions about how much of a person’s asthma improved in the long term because the studies were too few and the way they were done was too different from each other. We rated the quality of the evidence for most outcomes as low or very low. This means that we are very uncertain about the results.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind trials of mannitol in acute stroke. We found three randomised trials, involving 226 people with stroke. One of the three studies (men with stroke who did not have symptoms of ischaemic stroke) did not find any evidence of differences in the number of people who died or were left disabled after their stroke. Two of the trials found no difference in the numbers of patients who were left unable to walk or who were not able to use their limbs. The change in the severity of the stroke was not found in any of the studies. Adverse events were either not found or not reported in the trials. Based on these three trials, we found that there was not enough information to know whether mannol is good or bad in stroke. There is a need for more research in this area.
The objective of this review was to assess the benefits and harms of D-penicillamine for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. Our results show that, when given in three-dose (low dose) or high dose (high dose) doses of the drug appears to be similar to that of other anti-rheumatic drugs (DMARDs) in the short-term (up to three months) but with a higher risk of side-effects. Its effects on long-term functional status and radiological progression are not clear from this review.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that investigated the effects of any form of T-lymphocyte decoction. We found four RCTs that were of low or very low quality. All of the trials were conducted in China. All studies used a decoctive containing Huangqi compounds as the intervention with chemotherapy. Three of these studies were compared to a control group that received chemotherapy alone, and the fourth compared the decoctions of Huangqi drugs with other types of treatment. None of the studies reported on primary outcome, which is a measure of a patient's quality of life that is used to assess whether or not their cancer has been reduced. There was a decrease in the rate of leucopenia (worsening of cancer cells) in the treatment groups. Huangqi treatments were found to reduce the proportion of patients who were sick (nausea, diarrhoea, headache) when compared to the control group. We did not find evidence that they were any more or less likely to have side effects. There were no serious side effects in any of the four studies. We were not able to draw any conclusions as to the effect of the use of these drugs on cancer growth or tumour shrinkage due to the lack of data. The quality of the evidence was low to very low for all of the outcomes.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the benefits and harms of vitamin A or DHA in people with RP. We found three RCTs that were suitable for this review. The three trials included a total of 866 adults aged four to 55 years with RP of all forms of retinol. One of the trials looked at the effect of Vitamin A alone; one of the other two trials assessed DHA alone; and the third trial looked at DHA and vitamin A. None of the studies looked at change in vision field from the baseline at one year. All three trials were at high risk of bias, which means that their results may have been biased. We were not able to combine the results of the three trials due to differences in the way the trials were done and the way each study was done. Based on the findings of three trials, there is no clear evidence for benefit of treatment with vitamin A and/or DHA for the treatment of retinosular glaucoma. No side effects were reported in these three trials. We did not find any trials that looked at changes in the risk of vision loss or loss of vision. We judged the overall quality of the evidence to be very low. This was due to the small number of trials and the fact that there were problems with the way that the studies were done. Therefore, we were unable to draw conclusions.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at interventions that aimed to prevent job loss or work loss. We found three RCTs that looked at three types of interventions: one aimed at preventing job loss; one aimed to improve work functioning; one looked at job loss and work loss; and one assessed work loss, work absenteeism and work functioning as having a high risk of bias. We judged all three studies to have very low or very low quality of evidence. The interventions aimed to reduce job loss. One RCT reported that job loss was reduced in all three groups, job loss in one group and work function in the other group. Another RCT found no difference between the two groups. The third RCT looked at work loss and found no differences between the groups. One trial found that there was a small improvement in work functioning in the short term (six months) and in the longer term (more than six months). We judged the quality of this evidence to be very low. The evidence from this review is up to date as of March 2015.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the benefits and harms of arginine in preterm neonates that were at high risk of NEC. We found three RCTs involving 285 neonates (140 of whom were treated with the drug) from three countries. We assessed the quality of evidence from these studies as good. The results showed that, compared with a control group that did not take the drug, those who took the drug were about three times more likely to have NEC (stage 1) and NEC stage 3 (stage 4) in the first six months of life. The risk of death due to any cause was not different between the treatment groups. The number of deaths due to NEC or NEC stage 1 or 3 in the control group was not clearly different. The effect of the drug on NEC stage 4 or 5 was not clear. The evidence from this review indicates that, when given at high doses, the use of this drug is likely to prevent NEC.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials of INCS in adults with acute sinusitis. We found four randomised trials involving 1943 participants. The trials were well-designed and compared INCS with placebo or no treatment for 15 or 21 days. The rates of loss to follow-up were 7%, 11%, 41% and 10%. When we combined the results from the three trials that we looked at, we found that in the three studies that we were able to include in the meta-analysis, people who took INCS were more than twice as likely to have improved or improved in their symptoms than those who took a fake medicine (placebo). Higher dose INCS had a stronger effect on improvement of symptoms or complete relief: for mometasone furoate 400 µg compared with 200 µg, there were no differences in the rates of drop-out and recurrences for the two treatment groups and for groups that took higher dose (cytotoxic) INCS. No significant adverse events were found and there was no difference in the numbers of people who dropped out or recurred for the INCS and placebo groups. Overall, we think that the studies were well designed and well-conducted and we did not think that any of the trials were at risk of bias.
This review found that the use of antibiotics, such as vancomycin, in the first few days after birth (low dose) reduced the risk of infection in the neonate. There was not enough information to know whether or not there were any side effects. There may have been flaws in the way the trials were done, and the methodologies of the trials may have contributed to the low rate of sepsis in the treated groups as the blood cultures may have failed to grow in the infusate.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at the use of dressers or topical agents in people after amputation. We found 14 RCTs on wound healing. The evidence from one RCT on aloe vera supplementation compared with gauze is not clear and the results of the other trials are not clear. The use of gauze resulted in more pain for the patient (4 trials) and more pain when compared with other dressers (3 trials). Patients who received gauze were less likely to be pain-free (3 studies) than those who had foam (2 trials). There were no clear differences in the length of time the wound healed (4 studies) or in the number of days the wound was still closed (1 study). There was no clear difference in how long the wound took to heal (i.e. healing took longer) or how long it took for the wound to get better (wound ulcerative colitis) for people who had a plaster cast applied (one study). One RCT compared a foam with a gauze and found that foam caused more pain than gauze. Another RCT looked at the effects of a foam and found no clear effect on length of stay in hospital. There is a lack of good-quality, well-conducted trials to find out whether dressing or ointment is the best way to treat ulcers after surgery.
In 2014, we searched for randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials of birth control pills or an intrauterine method of birth. We found 11 trials with 1482 women. Four trials looked at pills with a progestin-only method (pills and an IUD) and three looked at a levonorgestrel-releasing (LNG-IUS) method (two of the etonogestrel implantations). Four of the COCs (four trials) looked at combined IUDs and two studies looked at an LNG- IUS. Most of the trials did not report whether or not the study groups were more or less likely to breastfeed for longer than the control groups. For breast milk volume, two of eight trials (two groups) found no effect on lactation. One trial did not measure lactation and the other showed a decrease in the volume of breast milk at 16 weeks and at 24 weeks for women with a COC. The other showed lower levels of lactation for the cOC group, e.g. at 16 and 24 weeks, and a decrease at 48 weeks. Breast milk volume and composition of the IUD did not seem to be any better or worse in the four trials that looked at these types of hormonal method. We did not find any differences between groups in the length of time women breastfed, how much breast milk they drank, or in how well their breastfed. Five trials (four groups) reported no differences in the time they breast fed. Two of eight of the same for both types of IUD. One of eight studies (eight groups) did not have any effect on the time the women breast fed, but the other two groups did not. The evidence was of low or very low quality for all of the outcomes. This was mainly due to problems with the way older trials were done. Older studies often lacked quantified results.
We searched for randomised or quasi-RCTs that looked at the effects of red-light cameras on the number of deaths and injuries from any cause. We found 10 RCTs from the USA, the UK, the USA and the UK. We grouped them according to the extent to which they adjusted for regression to the mean (RTM) and bleedover effects. We also looked at whether the cameras adjusted for RTM and whether they were used in the same way. None of the studies looked at these aspects. The findings from the studies we looked at showed that, compared to RTM or no adjustments, Red-light video cameras are more likely to reduce the risk of death from all cause. The evidence is less clear on how they compare to each other or with other types of video cameras. This is likely to be due to the fact that most of the information came from studies that did not use the same type of video camera.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of anticoagulants in outpatients and inpatients with venous thromboembolism. We found four RCTs involving 494 people. Three of these studies ( 383 people) gave us data on the percentage of people who achieved a therapeutic INR by day five. One of these, with 362 people, showed a 10-mg warfarin nivolumab, which is a relatively new drug, to reduce the risk of blood clots in the veins. We also found one other study (with 362 participants) that showed a reduction in the number of patients who had a blood clot in their legs at day five with a 5-mg Warfarin nomogram. This study did not show a difference in the length of stay in hospital or in the need for blood transfusions. We judged this to be of low or very low risk of bias. The other three studies we found did not allow us to draw conclusions about whether or not there was a change in the proportion of participants who had achieved a treatment INR after one week, and we judged this evidence to be very low to moderate risk. This means that we are very uncertain about the size of the difference. We did not find any difference in minor bleeding or in length of time spent in hospital and the ICU. The quality of the studies was low to very low for all of the outcomes. The evidence is up to date to April 2015.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of different types of care for adults with hip fracture. We found seven RCTs involving a total of 555 adults. None of the trials were designed specifically for people with dementia, and most of the data were from subgroups of patients with dementia or cognitive impairment who were involved in randomised studies. We were able to combine data from three of the studies to look at the effect of enhanced care in the inpatient setting and in the home after discharge. There was low-certainty that enhanced care and rehabilitation in-hospital may reduce the risk of postoperative delirium and reduce the length of time spent in hospital. However, there was also low- and very low- certainty that geriatrician-led care may lead to longer stay in the hospital. There were no data from any study for our main outcome of health-related quality of life. Data were available from only a few trials, and the certainty for all other results is very low. Therefore, we were not able to draw any conclusions with confidence. Determining the best way to provide enhanced care for older adults who have had a hip fracture is a key area of ongoing research.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at the effects of home-based care for adults with a range of illnesses. We found seven RCTs with a total of 840 adults. We did not find any studies that looked at the impact of home care on health or on the health of the child. Three of the trials found that home care was more costly for service providers with substantial cost savings for the family in two studies, while one study found no clear cost benefits for the families. Overall, we found some evidence that home home care may have a positive impact on physical health and mental health, and some improvement in children's mental health behaviours. However, there was no evidence for a change in the length of time the child was cared for in hospital or in the number of children who were readmitted to the children's care home. There was also no difference in how satisfied parents were with home care, how satisfied they were with the care and how much they were used, and how happy they were. There were some improvements in physical health, mental health and quality of life in the home care group in three of the studies, but no studies looked at whether home care had an impact on how well the children were cared for and on whether they were able to go home from hospital. There is a need for more research to look at the long-term costs of providing home care for all children with all types of illness.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to March 2016. We found 40 RCTs that looked at the use of ICM for mental health care in adults with mental health problems. The evidence is up to date as of April 2015. We included adults over 18 years of age with any type of mental health illness. The main outcomes we looked for were the number of days spent in hospital per month and the effect on the amount of time people spent in the ICM, as well as the effects on the mental health. We also looked at how satisfied people were with ICM and how satisfied they were with the care they received. We did not look at whether ICM was better or worse than other types of care. When we looked at ICM compared with standard care, we found that ICM may make little or no difference in reducing death by suicide or in reducing the need to be cared for in hospital. There was some low- or very low-quality evidence that it may reduce the time spent in intensive care, but we were uncertain about whether it had an impact on the likelihood of death or on the need for help with leaving hospital early. We were not able to tell whether or not ICM helped reduce the risk of having to go back to hospital for any other mental health-related problems. We judged the quality of evidence for all of the outcomes to be low to very low. This was due to problems with the way some of the studies were done and the way they were done.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo controlled trials (RCTs) that compared any type of box training with no box training or with another type of training. We found 16 RCTs that looked at the time to complete the task and how long it took and how fast it took, as well as how far the box was run and how far it was done. We also looked at whether the box model was used in the same way as the cadaveric model. We did not find any studies that compared box model training with animal models or with pelvic training. There were no studies that examined whether box models were any more or less likely to cause side effects (such as pain or inability to move) than other types of box education. The evidence from this review is up to date as of March 2015. The meta-analysis of 16 trials (with 434 adults) showed that the time taken for box training to complete a task was significantly shorter in the box training group than in the control group. The box model group also had a lower error score, a higher accuracy score, and a better composite (combine) of scores for all tests. Three trials (69 adults) found that when box training was done with a box training sutured sutures, the time it took to finish the task was about half that of the group that did not receive the suture. None of the other outcomes, such as death or illness, were reported in the trials when animal models were used for assessment of training, error in movements, and trainee quality of life, were not assessed. One trial (36 adults) reported that the length of the task took less time when box education was performed with a simple box trainers. There was no difference in the time that the box taught was taken to complete that task. There is no evidence that any of the methods used in this review were better than the others. The quality of the trials was low to very low. All but one trial were at high risk of bias (that is, there were flaws in the way they were done).
This review found no evidence to support or refute the use of peroral glucocorticosteroids for patients with primary sclerosing cholangitis. The application of corticostimulants via nasobiliary tube seems to cause severe side effects. There is no data to assess the benefits or harms of these drugs.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo controlled trials (where people are assigned to one of two or more treatment groups) looking at the effects of early or late nutritional support for adults with cancer. We found 11 randomised trials. Seven trials looked at the timing of support (early or late) and looked at whether it had an impact on the risk of death or disability at the end of follow-up. Three studies looked at death and disability. Evidence from five of these trials (207 adults) showed that parenteral nutrition (where food is fed by a tube into a vein) appears to be as safe as enteral nutrition (in which food is provided in a tube through a tube or a tube directly to the gut) for people with cancer who have cancer of the pancreas or gut. There were no deaths in any of the trials. There was no information on the effect of early nutrition on quality of life or survival. This is an update of the Cochrane Cochrane Review, which found no evidence of a trend to a trend towards a trend for a trend toward a trend in better outcomes in terms of survival and function.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to March 2017. We found 57 RCTs that randomised 34,390 participants. Forty one of these studies (19,241 adults) provided data for our main outcomes. The main sources of bias were from attrition (in about 36% and 21% of studies, respectively) and high risk of bias (i.e. there were problems with the way the RCT was run and reported). Forty one studies (18,467 adults) gave us the main results we were most able to include in our meta-analysis, and these showed that people who received a BCT were about three times less likely to drink about 23 g per month less than those who did not receive one or two drinks per month. Fifteen studies (10,862 adults) showed that drinking on a 'one drinking day per month' was about one day less than for those who received no or very small amounts of alcohol. In 15 studies (9791 adults) we found that people using the BCTs had about one binge drinking session less often, and in 15 trials (9796 adults) they were about one drink per week less than no participants. Only five trials (390 adults) looked at the effects of a face-to-face (where the face is placed in a cup or a cup and a cup with a cup top) approach. These trials showed that the BCCs were no more or no more likely to have any side effects than those that looked at a 'look and see' approach. There was no difference in how much or how fast people were drinking at the end of the trial. No studies looked at whether any harms were caused by using the interventions. We judged the quality of the evidence to be high for most outcomes, but low for binge drinking and low for the other outcomes we looked at.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of benzodiazepines in adults with schizophrenia. We found 24 RCTs, involving 4233 participants, that looked at the effectiveness and acceptability of these drugs for schizophrenia. The evidence is up to date as of March 2017. We assessed the overall methodological quality of the studies as poor. In addition, we judged 20 of the 24 studies as having a high risk of bias in at least one aspect of their methods. We were able to combine the results from three trials that were randomised to benzodiazine or to other treatments. The results of these three trials showed that people treated with benzodazine were 1½ times more likely to respond to treatment (1.65) and 1.65% more satisfied with treatment (2.124) than those treated with placebo (1475). The dropout rate (6.34%) was about the same for both treatment groups. With the evidence for the other outcomes, we were not able to draw conclusions as to whether or not these drugs were any more or less likely to cause side effects. We judged the quality of evidence as low for both main outcomes. This was due to problems with the way the trials were done and run.
We searched for randomised trials that assessed the benefits and harms of tai chi in healthy adults or those at high risk of falling. We found 13 randomised, short-term (12 weeks) trials (1520 participants randomised) and three large (more than 30 weeks) randomised studies. All trials had at least one aspect that could lead to bias (i.e. there was a risk of bias due to the way the trials were done). There was not enough data to say whether or not there were any differences in the risk of death or non-fatal events as most studies were short term (one year or less) and there were differences in how the studies were done. There was also a lack of long-term data (over three years) for any of the main outcome (death from any cause or any cause of death). There were also differences between the trials in terms of how they were done and how participants were allocated to groups, and this made it hard for us to draw conclusions. We did not find any evidence that tai chai was any more or less likely to cause harm than usual care.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at family-based programmes that aimed to help people to quit smoking. We found 27 RCTs that were suitable for inclusion in a meta-analysis. We were able to combine data from all studies in a format that allowed us to analyse the findings. There was some low- to very low-to-very low-certainty evidence that family programmes had a positive impact on the number of people who quit smoking at least six months after the end of the programme. We could not be sure whether they had an effect on whether or not people had quit, so we were not able to draw any firm conclusions. However, there was some evidence that school-based family programmes may be more effective than no school programmes in terms of the chances of quitting smoking at six months, although we were unable to draw conclusions about whether this was the case. We also found some moderate- to low-quality data that showed that adding a school programme reduced the chances that a child would quit smoking after six months. This finding was based on just one RCT. We judged this to be of very low to moderate risk of bias.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of corticosteroids in adults with adult cancer. We found three RCTs that compared corticostimulants with placebo (fake medicine) or other treatments. Two of these studies compared dexamethasone to a fake medicine (placebo), and the third looked at a number of other drugs that are often used to treat cancer. All three of the studies had a low risk of bias. Two studies (127 adults) looked at nausea and found that corticopramide (an anti-inflammatory drug) was more likely than placebo to reduce nausea and vomiting at eight days, but this did not seem to be important to people with cancer. Adverse events were not different between groups, and the drugs were well tolerated. We judged the quality of this evidence to be very low due to imprecision, and because there were problems with the way the studies were done. We did not find any studies that looked at other types of cancer, so we do not know if these drugs are any different from each other.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of high-risk children or those at high risk of LRTI (i.e. with a high risk for HIV or AIDS) treated with antibiotics or isoniazid. We found 10 RCTs that assessed the effects of prophylactic use of antibiotics (azithromycin, ciprofloxacin, co-trimoxazole, oral penicillin V or vancomycin) to prevent LRTIs in HIV-infected and low birth weight neonates. Three of the studies were in HIV infected children (n = 1345), four in cystic fibrosis and one in sickle cell disease or cancer. The length of the trials ranged from seven days to three years. There was no difference in the risk of death or in the occurrence of pulmonary tuberculosis or cancer in children who were treated with antiretroviral drugs compared with those who were not treated. Antibiotics were no more or less likely to cause side effects in children with HIV who were HIV-infected and with a low risk for lung infection. There were no deaths in children infected with HIV or with a HIV/AIDS who were given anti-pneumonia or antifungal drugs. However, there were more deaths in the group of children who received anti-rhabdomycin drugs. We were not able to assess the quality of the evidence for two studies: one in the high risk group (low risk of bias) and the other in the low risk groups (high risk for bias).
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of one gas (nitrous oxide or helium or room air) for pneumoperitoneum. We found nine RCTs, randomising 519 people. Three of the trials were at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of favouritism by the participants or researchers). We found that nitrous oxide (three trials), helium (five trials), and room air (one trial) were no more or no less likely to cause harm than other types of gas. We could not combine data from two trials (140 adults) which showed that lower pain scores (lower pain scores on a scale of 1 to 10 with less pain with nitrous oxygen) were lower (very low quality of evidence) in the group of adults who had a chest X-ray of the lungs to see if there was evidence of a decrease in cardiopulmonary disease or surgery because of the use of nitrous acid. We did not find evidence that one gas was more safe than the other. There were no deaths in either nitrous or helium groups in the trials. We were not able to draw conclusions about the safety of using one gas over the other due to the very low number of events. We judged the quality of the evidence to be very low. This was due to problems with the way the studies were done and reported.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) investigating dexamethasone in preterm or LBW neonates and found 14 RCTs. Eight of these studies, with a total of 303 infants, looked at the effect of the dose of corticosteroids used in the first few weeks after birth (compared to a high-dose or low-dose dose) on the risk of BPD and death. Four other studies, enrolling 762 neonates, examined the effects of the first (more than three months after birth) or later (up to six months) corticostimulants. These trials did not find any difference between the high- and moderate-dose regimens for the outcomes of death or BPD. There were no differences in outcomes between a moderate- and a low-dosage regimen. The evidence from four other trials, which were more than 20 years old, did not allow us to draw any conclusions.
We searched for randomised trials that compared corticostimulants with no corticosteroids or placebo in adults with at risk of heart disease. We found eight studies involving 996 adults. Six of these studies were done between 1950 and 1965; one was done in 1990 and the final study was published in 2001. We did not find any new studies in this update. This review found that there was no evidence that corticoids were any more or less likely than aspirin or dexamethasone or hydrocortisone or prednisone in the one year after the end of treatment. However, there were more adverse events in the corticoid groups and these were more common in the steroid groups. Therefore, the results should be viewed with caution.
We searched for randomised, well-conducted studies that looked at the effectiveness of any aspect of environmental sanitation in the control of trachoma. We found six studies with a total of 12,294 adults from 79 communities. There is some evidence from two studies that insecticide spray is effective in reducing the occurrence of this disease, but this was not found in the one large study that used insecticides. However, there is some low- to very low-to-very low-certainty evidence that latrine provision, a measure of how well the latrine is kept clean, has not been shown to be effective in this way. Similarly, there has been some evidence that a small health education programme with a modest amount of water does not seem to be an effective way to provide a healthy home and does not appear to be any more or less safe than a larger, larger and more robust programme.
This Cochrane Review summarises evidence from 15 randomised, double blind, placebo controlled trials of CBT in adults with CFS. We found that cognitive-behavioural therapy (CBT) is effective in the short-term (six weeks) and medium term (more than six weeks) in the treatment of CFS, and in the longer term (up to six months). CBT is no more or less likely to cause side effects than other types of psychosocial therapies, such as relaxation, counselling and education/support, or standard care alone. However, when we looked at the long term (over six months), we found evidence that CBT may be more effective than other forms of psychotherapy. When we compared CBT with other kinds of psychotherapists or therapists, we found that when CBT was used alone, the quality of evidence was very low to moderate. This was the case when we added CBT together with other types or when we used CBT alone. This is likely to relate to the fact that we did not have enough data to be sure whether or not CBT works or not.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that randomised adults with sickle cell disease to take part in a double-blind (i.e. a group of people who did not know whether they were in the treatment or the placebo group) study or sham (pretend) study. We found one RCT that was of high risk of bias (high dropout rate in the control group). The RCTs have to be randomised to two groups, one group took part and the other group was a sham RCT. The people in the sham group received a fake (fake) medicine (placebo) for six weeks and were then followed up for six months. Only 25 participants completed the full six months of treatment up to six months and none of them took part in the trial. The trial did not report on adverse events (tingling of lips or hands) or quality of life. We judged the quality of the evidence for this outcome to be moderate. The evidence from the RCT for the outcome of serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels at eight weeks, at 16 weeks and at 24 weeks was of low or very low quality. This was due to high dropout rates in the group taking the fake medicine and the fact that there were problems with the way the trial was done. This means that we cannot be sure of the results.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at one-month outcomes. We found only one RCT funded by the Australian RCTs, which recruited 26 children aged 4 to 12 years with mild to moderate CAS of unknown cause. This RCT compared the Nuffield Dyspraxia Programme-3 (NDP-3) with the Rapid Syllable Transitions Treatment (RST) programme. The RCT was supported by grants from the National Speech and Language Pathologists' Institute of the USA and the UK Speech and Speech Therapists' Institute UK. Speech and language Pathologists taught the treatments in the English language. Treatments were delivered in one-hour sessions, four days a week for three weeks, in a university clinic in the USA. Children were assigned to one of the two treatments. The evidence from this RCT is up to date as of March 2017. The results of the RCT did not allow us to assess the long-term effects of the treatments, so we did not look at them at one month post-therapy. We judged the quality of the evidence to be very low due to imprecision, and thus we were not able to draw any firm conclusions.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo-controlled trials that assessed the benefits and harms of antibiotics for retinochoroiditis. We found four trials that randomised a total of 268 participants. One of these trials (Brazil) compared trimethoprim-sulfamexacocol over 20 months to no treatment and was judged to be at high risk of bias due to the way it was run and reported. The other three trials (UK, USA and Brazil) compared the use of antibiotics to a placebo. One study in the US in adults studied pyrimethamine-trisulfapyrimidine for eight weeks; one study in both adults and children looked at praziquantel for four weeks; and one of the other three studies in adults and people in the UK looked at trimethopia for 12 months. In the last study, all participants had a course of surgery to the retina and were treated with antibiotics for 45 days. Only the study in Brazil looked at the impact of antibiotics on vision acuity over 12 months, in adults with healed lesions. The UK study in adults looked at antibiotics for four months. The US and UK trials did not look at the effects of antibiotics. We judged these three studies to be of low or very low quality due to poor reporting. We did not find any studies that looked at antibiotic use in the long term (over 12 months). The UK and US trials were very few and did not have a lot of data. One large, well-conducted, high-quality study of trimethioprim-nulfamethoxazole looked at one year after surgery to see if there was a change in the risk of a new episode of retinoiditis and found no evidence of a difference in the chance of recurrences. However, we judged the UK study to have a very low-quality of bias because it did not use a placebo and there were problems with how it was done. There was no evidence that any of the antibiotics used in the studies led to any more or less side-effects. None of the three of the trials looked at long-term side effects. There is a need for good-quality research in this area.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, well-conducted trials that compared any type of extramedullary hip screw with any kind of hip screw used for extracapsular proximal femoral nibia. We found 43 randomised trials involving 5623 adults with mainly trochanteric fractures. Twenty-two trials (3749 adults) compared the Gamma nail with the sliding hip screw (SHS). Five trials (623 adults) with the SHS. Three trials (394 adults) showed no difference in reoperations or post-operations for the two types of implants. There were no differences between implants in wound infections, death from any cause or any of the three types of surgery. None of the 10 trials (1491 adults) of other types of implant that were assessed in this Cochrane Cochrane review found any difference between them. Two trials (65 adults) found that people who had a fixed femoral nail were more likely to have a repeat hip surgery for their hip fracture. There was no evidence that any one type of implant was better than the other.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the benefits and harms of palliative surgery and the use of a medicine called Octreotide to prolong the life of women with ovarian cancer. We found only one RCT that met our requirements for the review. This RCT looked at data from 47 women who received either palative surgery (n = 27) or surgery and medicine with Octreotropium and found no evidence that one form of surgery was better than the other. Although six (22%) of those who had surgery had complications of the surgery and three (11%) died, multivariable analysis found that the women who underwent surgery lived longer than those who received the medicine, after adjustment for important prognostic factors. The evidence from this RCT was of low or very low quality. This was due to problems with the way the study was done and the way it was run. Therefore, we were not able to draw any firm conclusions.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of statins in women with PCOS. We found four RCTs that were suitable for inclusion in this review. They were small with a total of 244 participants. Two trials (184 women randomised) studied the effect of simvastatin and the other three trials (60 participants) looked at atoravastatin. There was no good evidence that statins were any more or less beneficial than placebo (two trials) or the oral contraceptive pill (OCP) in any of the comparisons. Statins were found to be effective in lowering testosterone levels (mean change -0.90, 95% CI -1.18 to 0.62 g/ml) when used alone or with the OCP. There were no differences between groups for other measures such as high-density lipoprotein (LDL) and triglycerides but there was no evidence that they had any effect on body mass index (BMI). There was also no difference in the amount of fat in the blood or on the body's fat stores. The evidence from the trials was of very low or very low risk of bias.
We searched for randomised trials that assessed the use of any type of palliative treatment for vaginal bleeding in women with cervical cancer. We searched for studies up to May 2017. We found 1522 studies, but we were not able to find any randomised controlled trials that compared any of the treatments to any other type of treatment. We included in the review trials that looked at whether any form of pallative treatment was better than any other. We did not find any evidence that any of these treatments was any more or less effective than other types of treatments. Therefore, the choice of intervention will be based on local resources. Radiotherapy techniques are not readily available in resource-poor populations, where advanced cases of cervical cancer are the most common. Thus, this review identified the need for a randomised trial to assess the benefits and risks of palative treatments for vaginal blood loss in this group of women.
The objective of this review was to assess the benefits and harms of temozolomide for patients with glioblastoma multiforme. Three RCTs were found, enrolling a total of 745 patients, that looked at the use of temovenous anti-rhabdomyosarcoma drugs (radiotic drugs that kill tumour cells, e.g. ganciclovir or paclitaxel) in combination with chemotherapy. These trials did not find evidence that treatment with these drugs helped patients to live longer, and it did not seem that they had an effect on quality of life. Adverse events, such as tiredness and fatigue, were more likely with temovernous drugs than with standard treatment.
We searched for randomised studies that aimed to find out whether or not any of these interventions are helpful. We found only one study that looked at the effects of contracting-in. The findings of this study suggest that contracting-in may improve access to health care and use of health care. However, it has not been shown to have an impact on population health. The results of the other trial looked at how well people were able to use the health care (e.g., how well they used health care) and how effective their health care was. It found that in three countries (USA, Brazil and Latin America) health care providers who did not take part in the training courses had between 2.4 and 8.3 times more failure rates than those who took the courses. This study did not look at how good the health system managers were in terms of how good they were at providing care for their families and how good their health systems were. Other types of interventions that might be helpful in retaining health care workers and keeping them in place have not been properly looked at.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared any type of surgery with any form of non-surgical treatment. We found three RCTs that involved 123 people. All three studies reported deaths; six people died. There was no clear difference in deaths between treatment groups. Among people randomized to surgery, there were fewer deaths in the lungs, and in the ICU, and the length of time spent on a ventilator. There were fewer major adverse events (chest pain, chest tightness, bodily pain, and tracheostomy) in the surgery group. We were not able to combine the results of the three studies, so we have assessed each of these outcomes in our meta-analysis. Due to differences in reporting, we could not combine the findings and have listed them separately. There is some evidence from three studies that showed surgery is preferable to nonsurgical management in reducing the risk of chest pain, pulmonary embolism, mediastinitis, and septic shock. Further well-conducted studies are needed to confirm these results and to find out if surgery reduces deaths.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of atorvastatin in people with high blood lipid levels in the blood. We found fifty RCTs and 31 before-and-after (12,877) studies that assessed the effect of cerivastatin on LDL cholesterol and lipid levels within three to 12 weeks. The participants were of any age with and without heart problems and the trials looked at effects of the drug for three to 10 weeks. When we looked at data from all trials, we found that the drug was about 250-fold more likely to cause LDL cholesterol changes than other classes of drugs. This was the case even though it had only a short-term effects. The drug was also about 50% to 100% more potent than other types of drugs that cause high blood cholesterol. We judged this result to be high. We also found that it was about 25% to 50% more likely than other drugs that decrease high blood lipids. This means that we can be reasonably sure that this drug works. We did not find evidence that it had any side effects.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that randomised adults with renal ischaemic preconditioning to either remote ischaemia or control. We found 28 RCTs involving 6851 adults. Most of the trials were of low or very low risk of bias. Based on high-certainty evidence, we found no evidence that the use of a cuff to insert a catheters (the so called 'rogue' method) reduced the need for haemodialysis, length of stay in hospital or death. There was some evidence that it may lead to more adverse events. However, this was based on low- to very low- and very uncertain evidence. We were not able to draw conclusions as to whether or not this method is safe because of the very low quality of the evidence. The risk of adverse events was very low in all but one of the studies. Compared with the control group, the need to have a blood test to check blood levels after surgery (called serum creatinine levels) did not change. The need for blood tests after surgery to see if there was any change in blood levels, need for dialysis or death or in the number of days after surgery or deaths was the same in both the group of adults who had a cuff and the group that did not have a cuff. This means that the true effects of this method may differ a lot from the findings in this review.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effect of any intervention on PSF after stroke. We found 12 RCTs with 703 adults with a stroke. Eight of these studies looked at PSF. Six of these looked at drugs to treat PSF (fluoxetine, entacicoline, feroxamine, or citicoline) and two looked at Chinese herbs (citicoline and a combination of Chinese herbs). Four trials looked at tiredness. We did not find any evidence that any of these drugs or any of the other non-drug treatments were any better than controls in terms of PSF, sleep apnoea (sleepiness) or the need for a sleep aid. None of these treatments showed any effect on other symptoms after stroke, such as headaches, dizziness or weight gain. No drug or non-medications were shown to be any more or less likely to cause tiredness in people with stroke who had had their stroke more than those who did not have their stroke. Chinese herbs were not found to be better than no herbs or no treatment in reducing tiredness but we could not be sure of this. Four trials (248 adults) did not focus on tiredness and did not look at other symptoms. We could not tell whether or not any interventions were any different from each other. The quality of the evidence was very low to low for all of the interventions. This was due to the number of trials and to the fact that some of the people in the trials knew whether they were in the treatment or control groups and this could have affected the way they assessed results.
We searched for randomised trials that assessed the benefits and harms of any intervention for preterm neonates. We found three studies enrolling 74 preterm infants. The sample sizes of the three trials were very small with 12 (Malone 1991), 19 (Singh 2002) and 40 (Hu 1999). Two of the studies were very different from each other in terms of how they were done and how the trials were done. We were not able to tell whether the treatments led to differences in deaths or any of the other outcomes we were looking for. One of the trials found that the combination of insulin and glucose, compared to cation-exchange resin, led to a 2.5% reduction in all cause deaths and an 11.4% decrease in the risk of haemorrhage. Albuterol inhalation (involving albuteroline or saline) did not seem to cause any harm. No serious side effects were noted with the combined insulin and glucocobalaminoglycoside inhalation. Other types of treatment have not been studied to date. No firm conclusions can be made from these studies.
Twelve trials were found to be eligible for this review. Seven trials with a variable risk of bias compared IVIg with PE in 623 children. In five trials with 536 participants for whom the outcome was available, the mean change in disability grade after four weeks was not different between the treatments. There were also no differences in the other measures that were considered. Three studies with a total of 75 children (21 mildly affected children) showed more improvement in disability grades after four week with intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIg) than with placebo. In one trial with 249 adults (aged 18 years and up to 18 years) with PE, there was also no difference in the change in the disability grade. In the third trial with 75 children, there were no differences between the treatment groups for any of the other outcomes that were assessed. The main outcome for this Cochrane review, available for only one study with 21 children, showed more improvements in the impairment grade with IVIG than with supportive care. This was the only outcome that could be included in the meta-analyser. In this case, we were able to pool the data from all trials to give a meta-analysis. There was no difference between the two treatment groups in this case. We were not able to draw any conclusion as to the effect on the other outcome measures that are used in the review, such as change in quality of life or change in impairment grade. There is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that investigated the effects of a high dose of the 'high dose' of oxygen on the risk of death or of complications of surgery. We found 28 RCTs involving 9330 adults who were randomized to receive a high or routine dose of oxygen before surgery. In 21 trials, 7597 adults were randomised to a high dosage of the high dose and a normal dose. The trials with low risk of bias (i.e. with no potential for bias) found no differences in all-cause death or in the rate of death within the longest follow-up and within 30 days of the surgery. Similarly, there was no difference between the two groups of patients who were treated with a high volume of oxygen and those who were not. The risk of infection of the surgical site was the same in both the high and the low dose groups in all trials. There was no evidence that the high amount of oxygen had an impact on the length of stay in the operating room or the need for ventilator support. A high fraction of oxygen did not seem to cause any harm. The quality of evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. This was due to limitations in the design of the trials and imprecision in the results.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the benefits and harms of antibiotics in children with ear, nose and throat infections. We found 25 RCTs (3663 children) that met our inclusion criteria. Two trials did not report any of the outcomes of interest, leaving 23 trials (3258 children). We found evidence from six trials (484 patients) that children treated with oral antibiotics were more likely to have their ear infection resolved in the short-term (two to three months) than those who were treated with a control (i.e. no antibiotics). There was some low- to very low-to-very low-quality information from five trials (742 patients) indicating that children who were given antibiotics were less likely to experience diarrhoea, vomiting and skin rash than those in the control group. There was no information about speech, speech and language development or quality of life. None of the trials reported on speech, language and cognition (how well children were able to communicate and how well they did in the long term). We did not find any studies that looked at the impact of the use of antibiotics on the risk of having a tube placed back into the eardrum or the rate of hearing loss. However, there was some evidence from five studies (849 participants) that when antibiotics were used, the chance of the tube to be re-inserted was about one-seventh of that in the group treated with antibiotics. There were no data on speech or language and cognitive development or how well the children were doing in the longer term. We judged the quality of the included in this review to be very low to moderate. This was due to problems with the way the trials were done and run.
Twelve randomised trials were found, nine RCTs and three before and after studies. Pooling the results of the trials showed that reducing protein in the diets of people with type 1 and type 2 diabetes appears to speed up the rate of disease progress but the evidence for this is not very strong. We found no data on the effects of LPDs on health-quality of life and costs. However, questions concerning the level of protein intake and compliance with diets remain. Further longer-term research on large groups of patients with both types 1 and types 2 diabetes, both of which are known risk groups, remains.
We searched for randomised, well-conducted studies that assessed the benefits and harms of any type of rehabilitation for adults with ABI. We found 19 studies involving 3480 people. Twelve studies were of good quality and seven were of low or very low quality, according to the van Tulder score system. For the subgroup of adults with predominantly mild brain injury, we found strong evidence that rehabilitation early after ABI improves the chances of making a good recovery and that patients who have ABI are more likely to make good recovery if they are followed up for up to up to six months. For moderate to severe ABI, we also found strong support for the benefits of rehabilitation provided in the form of a milieu-based rehabilitation, in which the rehabilitation takes place in a peer group of people who are not in the rehabilitation group and who are treated by a trained peer group. This means that rehabilitation in the milieu of multidisciplinary care (where the patient is treated in a special way) appears to lead to earlier gains than in the in-patient rehabilitation group. However, we are not sure if this is due to the fact that the rehabilitation was not as good as it could be. This review has shown that ABI is a long-term condition and that rehabilitation lasting longer than one year or longer may lead to longer recovery. Therefore, it is important to know the magnitude of improvement that people make as long as it takes to get out of the ABI and to return to work.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effectiveness of rooming-in versus mother-infant separation. We found one RCT (involving 176 women) that met our requirements for the review. This RCT compared four groups with four groups that were assigned to each other in a random fashion so as to reduce the risk of bias. The evidence from this RCT is of low or very low quality. The RCTs we found did not look at the same things, so we were not able to combine the data from the trial. The trial did not measure the duration of any breastfeeding and the proportion of infants who were exclusively breastfed at six months of age. There was no difference found between the two groups in the percentage of babies who were any breastfed six months after birth. The chance of exclusive breastfeeding on day four postpartum (the first day after birth) was higher in the rooming group (86% compared with 45% in the group of women who were not allowed to breastfeed) and the chance of getting any breastfeed was similar in both groups (low- and very low-quality evidence). None of our other pre-specified secondary outcomes were reported. Overall, we found no evidence to support or refute the use of roomer-in (separate care) as a way of providing care for the mother and her baby. We think it is important for women and their families to know that there is a lot of information in this study and that roomers can choose either way.
We searched for randomised controlled trials that compared sanchi with no schani in adults with acute ischaemic stroke. We found eight trials involving 660 participants. Follow-up time was less than one month in six of the eight trials. The review of trials found evidence that schanian might improve neurological deficit more than control with a very low rate of death and dependency at the end of 28 days of treatment. The total case fatality rate was lower than 1% and the percentage of people with mild stroke who had mild stroke was 1%. Few adverse events were found. The quality of the trials was of low or very low in terms of risk of bias and data were limited in respect to stroke recurrence and quality of life. Sanchi does seem to be beneficial and safe in this type of stroke, but the small sample and the poor design of the studies prevented a definite conclusion. More well-designed randomised trials are needed.
This Cochrane Cochrane Review summarises evidence from 14 RCTs that have looked at the effects of different types of surgery to see whether one type of surgery is better than the other. There are a number of types of treatment that can be used but the review of trials found there is not a lot of information to show which is the best way to place an implant. There is a suggestion that when an implant is placed right after extraction teeth teeth may be at higher risk of failure than when it is placed 2 years later. On the other hand, there is a possibility that placing an implant just after tooth extraction may be better when placed in sockets that have not been filled. However, these conclusions are based on few trials often judged to be at high risk of bias and therefore they must be treated with caution.
The aim of this review was to assess the benefits and harms of clioquinol (an anticonvulsant drug used to treat dementia) for people with mild Alzheimer's dementia. We searched for randomised, well-conducted randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the benefits or harms of any drug used for Alzheimer's disease. We found two RCTs that looked at the effects of treatments on cognition (cognition). One of these studies, with 36 patients, did not find any difference in cognition between the treatment and placebo groups at 36 weeks. The other study, with 78 patients, found that a drug called PBT2 had a positive effect on cognition at week 12. This study did not look at cognition at weeks 24 and 36. There was no evidence that any drug had an impact on cognition in the longer term. One patient in the treatment group developed neurological symptoms which may have been due to the drug. In the other RCT, the drug was compared with placebo (fake drug). This study found that the drug had no effects on cognition or cognition. However, there was some evidence that it might have been related to the fact that the people in the placebo group were more than half as ill as those in the drug group. We judged this study to have high risk of bias and low risk of imprecision. The evidence from the other trial did not allow us to draw any firm conclusions.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the effects of PPIs in adults with PAH. We found 36 RCTs with 2999 adults with all types of PAH that were randomised to either a PDE5 inhibitor or a control group that received a placebo (pretend treatment). We found high-certainty data that showed that PAH patients treated with PPIs were more likely to be able to walk farther than those on placebo, and were 22% less likely to die. There was an increased risk of adverse events with PDEIs, such as headache and gut pain, but there was no evidence that they caused more harm.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to March 2016. We found 22 RCTs involving a total of 2193 adults who received regional anaesthesia for hand, wrist, forearm or elbow surgery. We included one new study in this update. In total we found one new RCT, which was added to a list of trials that had been included in the first Cochrane review. In this review, we found that the time for block performance was significantly shorter for single (three minutes) and double (one or more) injections; however there was no difference in time to readiness for surgery or the number of patients who were able to get out of the anaesthetists' hands after surgery. There were no differences between groups in any of the three comparisons on secondary analgesia failure, complications and patient discomfort. Tourniquet pain was reduced with the use of one or more injections. There was no evidence that any one technique was better than the other. The quality of the evidence was high for the outcomes of primary anaesthesia failure and incomplete motor block. This was due to the fact that in some of the trials there were problems with the way the trials were done and in some cases the participants knew which group they were in (neural or non-neural). This may have led to bias.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo controlled trials of inhaled corticosteroids that were used to treat children with asthma. We found three studies that met our inclusion criteria. All three studies used beclomethasone 200 mcg twice a day to treat adults with mild-moderate asthma. These studies were 7-12 months long. In all three of these studies, the growth of the child’s growth decreased in the year after the inhaled steroids were stopped. In the case of the third study, growth decreased with the use of a placebo or non-steroidal (steroid) inhaler. In this review, we found that inhaling corticostimulants that were well controlled (with a low dose) led to a 1.54 cm per year decrease in growth. This was the same in all three studies. However, we were not able to comment on growth effects of other inhaled drugs that had potentially less systemic (systemic) side effects. Therefore, we recommend the minimum dose that controls the child's asthma.
This review of three trials (139 patients) found that peritoneal haemodialysis does not seem to be as good as CAPD but may be more efficacious than APD. APD has not been shown to have advantages over CAPD with respect to death, risk of peritonitis, changes in dialysis modality and the need for a catheters. There is a need for one large randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compares the benefits and harms of APD with CAPD.
This Cochrane Cochrane Review summarises evidence from 37 randomised, double blind, placebo controlled trials that have looked at the benefits and harms of different types of CRT or IF-RT in the treatment of IIA. The aim of the review is to find out whether or not CRT is better than other types of RT in terms of OS, progression-free survival (PFS) and quality of life. The review of trials found that, compared with RT, CRT was more likely to reduce OS, PFS and SM in the short-term (i.e. after 12 weeks) but not the long-term. This was due mainly to ST and is likely to be due to a greater need for treatment after RT.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effectiveness of any form of medication used to treat opioid use in adults. We found 26 RCTs involving 4893 people. Opioids were given by mouth, into a vein, or through a vein and into the rectum. All three ways of giving the medicine were found to be effective. However, the amount of pain that the medicine was given and how much of the medicine helped with the pain was not as clear. Many people stopped taking the medicine due to side effects or due to lack of pain relief. Signs of opioid use were found in about 1 in 10 (10%) of those who took the medicine, and signs of dependence were seen in approximately 1 in 50 (17%) of people who did not take the medicine. Many of the trials did not have a long-term follow-up, so we do not know if the treatment had an impact on how well the medicine worked. We did not find evidence that any one method was better than the other. Some of the studies did not give details of how they were done and this made it hard to tell whether the people in the treatment groups were as good as those in the'real life' groups. We were not able to draw conclusions about the effect of the medicines on quality of life or how well they worked because of the lack of information.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared oxandrolone with a fake medicine (placebo). We found one RCT with 212 adults with spinal cord injury and open pressure ulcers classed as stage III and IV. The adults were mainly male (98.2%, 106/108) with an mean age of 58.4 years in the placebo group and were all male (100%, 104/104). The average age of the treatment group was 57.3 years. This RCT was supported by grants from the National Institute of Health, the US Food and Drug Administration, and the National Stroke Foundation. The evidence from this RCT is up to date as of March 2017. The RCTs were well designed and well conducted, but we judged the risk of bias to be very high. We found no studies that looked at the effect on ulcer healing at the end of a 24-week follow-up. We also found no trials that measured ulcer closure or quality of life. Thus, we are not able to draw any conclusions as to the effects on either of these. We are very uncertain about the effects of ox androlone on complete ulcer healed and non-serious side effects. We assessed the certainty of the evidence as very low. This was due to the small size of the RCT and the fact that it was not well-conducted or well-reported. Therefore, we cannot be sure of the results.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of the use of the health care system to deliver information to patients and their families. We found six RCTs involving 8372 people. Four of the trials (four trials) were judged to be at high risk of bias for at least one aspect of their design. For the main health service outcome of uptake of preventive screening, there was no difference between the groups for the primary health care outcome. There was no information on healthcare providers or harms. When we looked at people who were less well and those who were more well-well, we found no differences in how well people were able to take care of their health care, or how well their families and carers were treated. We did not find any information on how well health care providers and families were receiving the care they were receiving. We judged the quality of the studies to be low or very low. This was due to problems with the way they were done and reported and the fact that many people dropped out of the study before the end of the trial.
This Cochrane Cochrane review summarises evidence from randomised, double blind, placebo controlled trials that have looked at the effect of post-Epley postural restrictions on symptoms of BPPV. After a wide search for randomised trials, we have found 11 trials involving 855 patients. Nine of these studies used restrictions placed around the head of the Epley manoeuvre to add to the use of the Dix-Hallpike test as an outcome measure. Pooled data from these trials showed that post-postural restrictions did not seem to change the rate of conversion from a 'good' to a 'disease modifying' manoeuvre. Adverse events such as neck stiffness, vertigo and dizziness were not more frequent in the control group than in the group of patients who had restrictions. There was no evidence that mastoid oscillation was any more or less likely to be an adverse effect in either group. However, it is important to note that this result is based on a very small number of patients and that the extra intervention of postural restriction has a number needed to treat for one patient to be cured.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at treatments for sinus surgery. We found four RCTs, with a total of231 participants randomised, that looked at three types of surgery. These were: (1) endoscopics (one study, n = 109), (2) polypectomy (two studies, 87 participants) and (3) ESS plus a high dose of steroids (one of these) compared with high-dose steroids alone. All participants had an endoscopy (wound sigmoidoscopy) and were treated with steroids but the types and types were the same between the treatment arms of each study, except for the study that used antibiotics. In this study, the antibiotics used were higher in the surgery arm than in the surgical arm. There were no differences between groups in the types of treatments and comparisons used in these studies. One study (n = 35) found that the quality of evidence was very low or low for all of the outcomes that we looked at. This was due to problems with the way the study was done and run. We did not find evidence that any one type of surgery was any better than any other in terms of quality of life or any of the other outcomes we looked for in this review. There is a need for good quality research in this area.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of foods with or with other micronutrients. We found eight RCTs involving a total of 719 adults. Seven trials were from the middle-income countries of Asia, Africa, Europe, and Latin America. Four trials compared the effect of zinc-fortified staple foods with unfortified foods, and four of these trials, which compared the same foods with other nutrients/factors with the same food without zinc. The interventions lasted from one to nine months. None of the trials reported on the effects of the foods on the levels of iron, serum or plasma (protein in the blood that carries minerals in the body that help us to gain and use minerals in our food). We found no evidence that foods with iron or serum or platelet-rich foods were any more or less likely to have low iron levels or low platelet counts when compared with foods without iron or platelets. We did not find any difference in serum or blood iron levels between those with iron and those without iron. We also found no difference in the amount of iron in wheat flour between those who had added iron to their wheat flour and those who did not. We judged the risk of bias for most of the studies to be low or very low. This was due to the fact that many of the people in the trials were not aware of whether they were in the experimental group or the control group and this could have led to bias.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of men with metastatic cancer treated with non-steroidal antiandrogens. We found 11 RCTs involving 3060 men that met our criteria for inclusion in this review. The quality of evidence is limited by risk of bias. The use of nonsteroidal drugs, such as gynaecomastia and asthenia, may increase the chances of the cancer getting worse but does not seem to cause men to die from their cancer. Use of these drugs may make men's chances of getting worse worse but may make them live longer. Men who used these drugs did not live longer than men who did not use them, but they did have to stop the drug for as long as it took for the cancer to progress. Men using these drugs were more likely to have side effects (such as breast pain, hot flushes and vaginal dryness) but this did not cause them to stop treatment. The risk of men stopping the drug due to these side effects was about the same for both types of side-effects. The evidence for the use of this treatment was of low or very low quality.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind trials of screening for breast cancer in women of child-like age (aged 39 to 74 years) with a suboptimal risk of breast cancer (i.e. with a risk of death from any cause) or breast cancer that had not spread to the breast. We found eight trials involving 600,000 women. Three trials with adequate randomisation did not show a difference in breast cancer deaths at 13 years. Four of the trials with suboptical randomisation showed a reduction in deaths from breast cancer or all-cause death after 13 years (range 0.75 to 0.89). We found that breast cancer death was an unreliable outcome that was biased in favour of screening. The risk of lumpectomies and mastectomies were larger in the screened groups. The use of cancer drugs was similar in both screened and non-screened groups although there was no difference in the use of drugs to treat breast cancer. If we assume that screening reduces breast cancer mortality by 15% and that overdiagnosis and overtreatment is at 30%, it means that for every 2000 participants screened, one will avoid death from breast cancers and 10 healthy women, who would not have been screened if there had not been screening, will be treated unnecessarily. Furthermore, more than 200 women will experience some psychological distress, which can be serious.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the benefits and harms of hCG priming for PCOS. We included four RCTs, with a total of 522 women, in the review. Three studies looked at hCG compared to no priming. One study looked at 20,000 units hCG, which is about 20 times more than 10,000 hours hCG. The other three studies only looked at women with PCOS, and one of these (n = 122) did not give us the information we needed. We found no evidence that hCG was any more or less likely to cause a woman to have a live birth (one RCT; 82 women). We also found no difference in the live birth or miscarriage rates, or between 7% and 23% of women who received hCG did so. Our findings did not find evidence that priming reduced the chances of pregnancy. We rated all four studies as having an unclear risk of bias in more than one of the seven domains assessed. The main limitations of the evidence were lack of blinding and imprecision.
In this Cochrane Review, 24 randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo controlled trials were found that looked at the effects of ERT or HRT on cognitive impairment in postmenopausal or other estrogen-deficient women. There was good evidence that both ERT and HRT were no better or worse in the long term (over four years) than placebo or no treatment. Side effects were found for ERT in one year and for HRT after three and four years of treatment. These studies did not find evidence that either ERT nor HRT was any more or less likely to cause side-effects than the other. Side-effects were more common in the ERT group than in the HRT group, but this may have been due to bias.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of inhaled ICS/LABA (fluticasone furoate and vilanterol 100/25 mcg once a day; FF/VI) or inhaled LAMA (18 mcg tiotropium; TIO) in adults with COPD. We found two RCTs with 880 adults. Both studies were at high risk of bias. Both lasted 12 weeks. Compared to the TIO arm, we are very uncertain whether once-daily ICS or LABA, combined in one inhaled inhaled inhaler, has a different effect or side effects. This is due to the very low-quality of the evidence. We are very unsure whether ICS and LABA is better or worse than LAMA in terms of the chances of death, COPD flare-ups (worsening of COPD) or need for a short-burst oral corticosteroid or antibiotics, or both. None of the pneumonia-caused deaths or deaths due to COPD were fatal. The results for other endpoints, such as the chance of having an intubation (tube or ventouse) being closed and people’s quality of life, were not available in the trials. We were not able to draw conclusions because of the very very low quality of evidence.
We found four short-term RCTs (RCTs) of SSRIs and CBT involving a total of 169 adults with BDD. We found evidence from one RCT of fluoxetine (an SSRI) that the drug may be better than a placebo. Symptom severity was reduced in the RCT with the use of both SSRI drugs, as well as in the two CBT trials. A low relapse rate (4/22) was found in one trial of CBT. The findings of these studies need to be replicated. In addition, we think that studies in other groups of people, such as teenagers, and using other selective SRIs or CBT approaches and modities that may be useful in the treatment of BDD, may be important.
We searched for randomised trials that looked at the use of cotrimoxazole for the prophylaxis of infections in HIV-infected adults and children. We found three studies involving 268 adults who were at high risk of this infection. These three studies found that cotrromoxazine used a desensitization method better than a rechallenge method at six months of follow-up for the prevention of infection. In these three studies, no severe infections were found to have occurred for either intervention in the same way in the three studies. In the small trials that were included in this Cochrane review, we found that, when we looked at all the trials that used the same antibiotics for the same antibiotic treatment, we did not find any differences between them. However, the trials were small and the way they were done was not as good as we would like so we cannot be sure of these findings. In addition, in all three of the trials, there were problems with the way the studies were done so that the people taking part did not know whether they were in the treatment group or the placebo group and this could have had an impact on the results. We believe that this is an essential part of a well-conducted study.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the effects of midazolam in preterm neonates. We found three RCTs (enrolling 148 neonates). We found no new trials for this update. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2018. The trials were small, enrolling just over 150 neonates, and none of the sedation scales used in these trials have been validated in infants. We were not able to determine whether or not there were any differences in outcomes for babies born preterm. One of the trials (43 neonates) found that the length of stay in the neonatal ICU was longer for the neonates who were treated with midazoline (5.4 days, 95% CI 0.40 to 10.5 days, I2 = 0.5) than for those who were given a fake drug (placebo). One study (43 infants) found lower Premature Infant Infant Pain Profile (PIPP) scores (how much pain a preterm infant can feel) in the first 28 days after birth. Another study (46 newborns) found higher rates of adverse neurological events at 28 days' postnatal age (death, grade III or IV IVH or PVL) in infants who received midazoledam compared with those in the fake drug group. We judged these trials to be of high quality. We did not find any trials that looked at the effect of other drugs that can be used to reduce the levels of sedation for preterm infants.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the benefits and harms of antibiotics for people with diarrhoea. We found 12 RCTs involving 767 participants. Antibiotics were not shown to be more or less likely to cause side effects in the first week of treatment than in the placebo or no treatment arms. However, there were more adverse events in the people who took antibiotics, and these were more common in the patients who did not take antibiotics. We are uncertain whether or not the use of antibiotics has an impact on the risk of death and illness in otherwise healthy people.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of sepsis in adults. We found 23 RCTs that assessed the accuracy of the interleukin-6 test for the diagnosis of SEPSis in critically ill adults. Twenty of these studies have not been included in the meta-analyses and are not yet available to us. The studies were heterogeneous in terms of age, gender, main diagnosis, setting, country, country and infection criteria, year of publication, and origin of infection, among other factors. The results showed that, in a cohort of 1000 adults with a 50% chance of having SEPSS, we will find that if we test a cohort 1000 patients with IL-6 (50% and 74%), we will detect 66% (95% and 95%). If we test 1000 adults who are not sure whether or not they have SEpsis (50%, 75% and 75%, respectively), we will identify 66% and 80% of them. If we do not test 1000 people who are sure that they have SApsis, we would find that 330 of 1000 would be able to avoid unnecessary antibiotics, and 170 of 1000 patients would have been undiagnosed as having SAps. This is based on our results. Our results also show that, out of 1000 people, 370 would avoid the need for antibiotics if their symptoms are confirmed by an ILD test, and 370 patients would avoid unnecessary treatment if their ILD tests show no signs of ILDs. Our findings are based on a small amount of information. This means that our results may be biased.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to March 2016. We found 29 RCTs, with a total of 5718 adults with SSI. There were 16 trials that compared wound dressers with no wound dressing, five trials that looked at 'wound clean/contaminated' surgery, and the rest of the trials looked at different types of dressers. Four of the studies looked at wound dressings that were no longer used after the wound had been closed. Four studies compared dressers that were not used after surgery to no dressing and the other 25 of the included studies compared dressing types that were used after open surgery. All the studies were small, reported low numbers of SSI events and were often not clear about how they were carried out. There was some very low- or very low quality evidence that film dressers compared with basic wound contact dressers were more likely to have SSI after clean surgery. However, there was very low certainty that hydrocolloid dressing was more effective in terms of reducing the risk of infection and scarring after surgery (very low certainty evidence). There was limited and very low evidence on secondary outcomes such as scarring and quality of life. We judged the quality of the evidence for SSI to be very low to very low due to risk of bias and imprecision.
We searched for randomised randomised trials that assessed the effects of selenium and docosahexanoic acid in women at risk of postpartum depression. We found two randomised controlled trials. One study (n = 85) compared oral 100 microgram (µg) thymosin E1 tablets with placebo tablets that were taken from the first trimester up to the birth. The other, which was more than 20 years old, was less than 10 years old. This study did not have many participants. This trial did not find any difference between the groups for the outcomes of self-report and postnatal depression. There was a high risk of losses to follow up due to a large number of participants in the placebo arm dropping out of the study or not completing an EPDS. This did not affect the findings of this Cochrane Review. We were not able to find any studies that looked at the effectiveness of other drugs that can be used to help with postnatal mental health.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the benefits and harms of anthracyclines for people with solid tumours. We found 11 RCTs that looked at the effects of giving a doxorubicin (an anti-tumour drug) for six hours or longer compared with giving the drug in a shorter (less than six hours) infusion. We also found one RCT looking at the effect of the dose of the drug (epirubicins) on the risk of heart failure in adults with different types of leukaemia. We did not find any evidence that the higher the dose, the more heart failure the patients had, but this may have been due to the use of other drugs that cause the heart to contract. We could not tell whether the higher dose was more or less likely to cause damage to the heart. We think that this is an area that needs more high-quality research.
We searched for studies up to May 2017. We found 37 studies with 3110 people with TBI; nine of these were new for this update and five had not been assessed in the last update (2009). These were re-assessed and included in the 2017 version of this Cochrane Cochrane Review. We included adults and children both with and with brain injuries. Most of the people in the trials had been in the ICU and had been admitted to hospital or had craniotomies (wound suture) and all treatment was maintained for at least 24 hours. Thirty-three studies reported deaths, 31 reported unfavourable (unwavourable) outcomes (death, vegetative state or severe disability), and 14 of the 37 studies reported pneumonia. We did not pool the data for meta-analysis. We considered duration of hypothermia therapy and the length of follow-up in the study groups; differences in the way studies were carried out meant that we could not combine the results for these groups. We judged the quality of the studies to be very low. There were problems with the way some of the research was done and we were not able to assess risk of bias adequately. There is a need for more research in this area.
The aim of this Cochrane Schizophrenia review was to assess the quality of evidence for the effectiveness of psychotherapy for depression in adults. After a wide search for randomised, well-conducted studies, we included three high-quality and three low-quality studies, involving 519 adults with depression. The studies were very heterogeneous in terms of the types of psychological treatment, the way they were conducted, and the way each outcome was assessed. We were not able to draw conclusions from the results of many of the studies we looked for. This is because the way the research was done was not as good as we would like and some of the results we found did not agree with each other. At this point, use of psychological treatments for depression for which there is already an evidence-base would seem to be the best way to treat depression.
This review aimed to find out the effects of Duxil for the treatment of people with dementia. We searched for randomised trials that randomised adults (aged 18 years and over) with dementia to either take part in a trial or not. We found three randomised studies involving 206 participants. All three trials were assessed as being at high risk of bias (that is, there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of favouritism by the investigators or researchers). Due to the low quality of the trials and the fact that there were problems with the way they were done, we were not able to draw any firm conclusions as to the benefits or harms of the drug. However, due to the lack of information, we believe that high-quality and large-scale trials are needed to confirm or refute these results.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared drain use with no drain use in adults who had axillary lymphadenectomy. We found seven RCTs, with a total of 960 adults. There was a high risk of bias in most of the studies, which reduces the reliability of the results. The evidence from the trials was of low or very low quality. The drain use did not seem to reduce the risk of developing a seroma. The risk of infection was similar in drain and no drain groups, and there was no difference in the length of time it took for the disease to progress after surgery. However, drain use resulted in a 1.47 days less time for the cancer to progress in the drain group than in the no drain group, and a 0.70-day reduction in the number of postoperations for the same cancer. No difference in how long the disease took to progress was found between drain use and drain use. No evidence was found in the amount of lymphoedema (leaking of the lymph nodes that drain use may have contributed to this) or in the incidence of haematoma (blood in the urine). There was no evidence that drains led to more adverse events (infection or blood clots in the lymph). None of the trials looked at how drain use affected quality of life.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the benefits and harms of different amounts of flavonoid in the prevention of colorectal adenomas. We found eight RCTs with 390,769 adults. The results of the studies that we looked at were mixed. There was some evidence that increasing the amount of procyanidin or phytoestrogen in the colon reduced the risk of colorctal cancer, but the quality of the evidence for the other outcomes was not very good. Adenomas of the colon were more common in people who took a high dose of epicatechin or who had a high oral dose of anthocyanin. However, this may have been due to the fact that high levels of these drugs are known to increase the chances of adenoma growth. This review found that there was not a lot of information to show whether or not increasing the dose of the drugs had an impact on the risk for adenomannanoma.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the benefits and harms of treatment with HCV in HCV-infected adults. We found seven RCTs involving 1369 people. Five trials used our first definition of'relapsed virologic response', and three other trials (including one that used both) used both definitions. None of the trials looked at our main outcomes. This review showed that the length of the antiviral treatment appears to increase the chances that the virus will be cleared from the blood six months after the end of treatment. The risk of the virus coming back in the blood in the longer term (i.e. 48 weeks to 72 weeks) appears to be twice as high in the treatment groups as in the control groups. The length of treatment did not seem to change the number of patients who had to be treated for 12 weeks or more, or the likelihood that the HCV virus was still in their blood after 24 weeks or higher in the people who had not been treated for 24 weeks. In the one RCT that looked at adverse events, no difference was seen between the two treatment groups. This is an update of a Cochrane review first published in 2013. We updated the search in February 2015.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of EUS in adults with pancreatic cancer. We found only two RCTs that looked at how well EUS is able to tell us whether or not a cancer has been surgicalised. These studies were small with a total of 34 participants. Both studies looked at whether EUS could tell us if a cancer had been surgified or not. The results showed that when EUS was compared with CT scan, 60.5% (that is 61 out of 100 people) had unresectable cancer after CT scan and 20% (5.1% to 53.7%) of those who had negative EUS had cancer. This means that 13% of people (95% CI 3% to 39%) with positive EUS would have potentially resectable cancer and 20%, (5% CI 1.0 to 18.6) of those with low-certainty EUS (0.87% to 0.97%) would have surgery to treat their cancer. When we looked at the results of the trial that did not use EUS, we found that on the other hand, on average, the EUS test was not as good as CT scan for telling us whether surgery had been done and it would have been just as good if it had been surgery. We were not able to draw conclusions about how EUS compares with other tests that have been used in other types of cancer. The overall risk of bias was low in one of the trials and unclear or high in the other.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that examined treatments for blepharitis. We found 34 RCTs and six CCTs involving a total of 2169 participants. These trials were diverse in terms of the types of treatment they used and the types and types of patients. We were unable to combine their results. Topical antibiotics were shown to provide some symptomatic relief and were effective in eradicating the growth of bacteria from the eyelid margins. However, there was no strong evidence for any of the other treatments studied in this review. The effectiveness of other treatments, such as topical steroids and ointments, was not clear. Lid hygiene may provide symptomatic pain relief for the eyelids. Any RCT designed for this purpose should separate patients by type of condition (e.g. staphylococcal or granulomatosis) or MGD).
We searched for randomised controlled trials that looked at the effect of phototherapy on the course of disease or surgery in children and adults with RRP. We found one study that was at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at the wrong conclusions because of favouritism by the participants or researchers). This study did not measure all of our primary outcomes and only one of our secondary outcomes (reduction in volume of disease) was assessed in the study. This included airway swelling requiring intubation in a child with severe RRP a few hours after phototherapy. There was no difference between the groups (very low- or very low-quality evidence). There were other side effects such as improvement in symptoms (respiratory function and voice quality) and quality of life in the short-term and long-term.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, placebo controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the accuracy of CDUS and CE-CDUS. We found 42 RCTs that were up to date as of March 2015. We also found 11 studies that tested the ability of these tests to tell us whether or not the test was accurate. These studies were of moderate to low risk of bias. In six (40%) of the studies, the time between the test and the reference standard was unclear or longer than four weeks; in eight (50%), the blinding of the patient or the test assessor was not clear; and in one (12%), the quality of the data was not very good. In 11 of the trials, we found that the tests were of good quality. When we looked at studies that used the same test before and after the use of the test, the results showed that the test had a positive test result for both the reference and the CDUS test. This was the case whether the test used the test after or after the application of the reference test. We could not tell whether it was more or less accurate when we compared the tests with each other or with other tests because the studies were too few and the way they were done was not as good as other tests. In the case of the other tests, we could tell whether one test was more accurate than the other. We were not able to tell whether they were better or worse in terms of how well the test worked. The studies we found did not have a lot of information on this. We did find that in the long term (i.e. over a year), the test scores were higher in the studies published before 2006 than they were in the ones that were published in 2006 or later. Studies that were of low or very low quality showed that people who took the test for longer than one year had a better test result.
We searched for randomised, well-conducted, controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of sterile water for low back pain in labour. We found seven RCTs, with a total of 66 women. Four used an intracutaneous injections, two subcutaneous, and one both. The studies were good, but four were at high risk of bias due to the small size of treatment groups and the lack of information about how the studies were done. The evidence from the trials we found suggests that sterile water may be as good as saline for relieving labour pain. There was no difference between sterile water and saline for any of the outcomes we looked at, such as pain, caesarean section, use of analgesia (rescue analgesia), timing of delivery, or Apgar (measured on the Apgar score). However, we found that there may have been some bias in the way the trials were done, and this could have led to imprecision in the findings. No adverse events were reported other than transient pain, which was more common in the saline group. More women in the sterile water group (50% to 60%) than with saline group (20% to 25%) had pain that went from mild or no worse than mild (4% to 5%) to very bad (6% to 10%) pain. This was the same for all other measures of pain. None of the trials looked at whether women were satisfied with their pain relief, how satisfied they were with the labour, satisfaction, how much pain the baby was in the womb, and how much the baby had, or how much they had to be cared for. Two studies reported that more of the women treated with sterile water would request the same analgesia in the next time they had a baby. No study looked at satisfaction with pain, satisfaction with childbirth, women's satisfaction with the mother/child interaction, rates of breastfeeding, and infant health, infant long-term outcomes, or cost.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared any type of mesh with any kind of suture. We found 12 RCTs with a total of 1932 adults. Most of the trials (10 out of 12) were small (n = 4) and had some risk of bias. However, when we looked at the data we found evidence that the use of the mesh reduced chronic pain by 37% compared with the suture group. Also, we found that the length of surgery was about the same for both types of mesh. We did not find evidence that any one mesh was better than the other, and we found no evidence that one type was any better than each other. We also found no difference in how long the surgery took and how long it took for the surgery to take place. We were not able to draw conclusions about how well the mesh worked. Some of the studies had problems with their design or how they were done. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low or very low for most of the outcomes. This was due to problems with the way they were conducted.
We searched for randomised or quasi-RCTs that looked at the effects of the 'package' of interventions used in journals. We found 32 randomised controlled trials. Only three of the three RCTs were randomised trials. There is some evidence that the ‘package’ of methods used in the journals does improve papers. A substantial amount of references in biomedical journals are found that have been cited or quoted wrongly. However there is no evidence that they have been proven to be accurate.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo-controlled trials (RCTs) of drugs that were used to treat cancer pain. We found 15 RCTs involving 721 adults with cancer due to diverse types of cancer. All studies were done on adults; there were no studies on children. The evidence is up to date as of March 2016. The studies were of good quality, but all except for one were judged to be of high risk of bias because of methods used to deal with missing data or high dropout rates. Three studies used a parallel group design; the remainder were cross-over trials in which there was an adequate washout period (i.e. no participants dropped out of the treatment groups before the end of treatment) but only one reported results for the treatments. Twelve of the trials used codeine as a single drug and three combined it with paracetamol. Ten of the 15 trials used a placebo and 14 studies used one or more of 16 drugs that are used in addition to codeine. Most studies looked at the effect of a dose of a single dose of codeine, while five used treatment times of one, seven or 21 days. Most of the drugs used in these single-dose trials were of low or very low quality. There was not enough information to know whether codeine was better or worse than other drugs. There were no serious side effects in any of the studies. Adverse events were poor, with nausea, vomiting, headache or dizziness, with somnolence and dizziness the most often.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (studies in which participants are assigned to one of two or more treatment groups) up to April 2015. We found 12 trials involving 563 adults with HbSS or HbSβthal, aged six to 35 years old, who were predominantly African. Interventions ranged from one hour to eight weeks and the assessments ranged from the end of the intervention period to 12 months after the intervention. The studies were diverse in terms of the way they were designed and the way each study was carried out. This made it hard to tell whether or not the studies were of high quality. The overall risk of bias of the studies was low. There was some low- to very low-to-very low-certainty information on the effect of the education programs on patient care and on the knowledge of sick patients and their families. Patient care was assessed by four trials (160 adults) with moderate to high-quality information. This study showed that patient care was improved by 0.87 points (95% confidence interval 0.28 to 1.45 points). It was not clear whether this improvement was maintained at longer follow-up times (i.e. over a year), nor whether it was maintained when we looked at the effect on caregivants. Caregivants also showed an improvement of 0.52 points. The quality of this evidence was moderate to low. Adherence to treatment was not assessed in any of the identified trials. No differences were seen on coping, family relationships or health-related quality of life of patients. This suggests that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect and may change the estimates. With regard to the review's secondary outcomes, depression showed a significant decline in participants in the education groups, although this may have been due to the use of health services. There were no studies that looked at how well people were able to self-manage their illness and how satisfied they were with the care they received. We judged this evidence to be of low to moderate quality.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the effects of brivaracetam in adults with epilepsy. We found six RCTs, with a total of 2411 participants. All six studies included adult adults between 16 and 80 years old, and the length of treatment ranged from 7 to 16 weeks. Only one of the trials looked at people with both focal and generalised seizures; the other five studies looked at those with focal seizures only. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2018. The studies showed that people who were treated with brivarapeam were more than twice as likely to experience a 50% or more reduction in their seizure frequency than those who were given a fake medicine (placebo). They were also more likely to achieve seizure freedom (seizure free). The risk of having one or more adverse events, as well as the risk of stopping treatment due to these side-effects, was not different. However, they were more often likely to stop the drug because of these side effects. They were no more or less likely to withdraw from treatment. The quality of the evidence was judged to be of low or very low quality. This was due to problems with the way the trials were designed and run.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effectiveness of any of these. We found 38 RCTs, which were mostly from high-income countries. Some focused on the MMR (measles, mumps, rubella) or MMR vaccine. We also looked at other vaccines, such as rubella or measles, and looked at whether parents were more or less likely to vaccinate if they were given information about vaccines. We included 38 studies, which looked at parents' views and their views of vaccine information. The studies looked at a variety of aspects of the way vaccines were given and how much parents were able to trust the information they were getting. For measles, measles and rubella vaccines, we found high- to very low-to-very low- to moderate- to high-certainty results. For vaccines, measles or rubella vaccine and measles, parents generally found it difficult to know which vaccines they could trust and found it challenging to find information they felt was unbiased and balanced (high confidence). The amount of information parents wanted and the sources they felt could be trusted seemed to be linked to acceptance of vaccines, with parents who were more likely to want more information. Lack of information led to worry and regret about vaccines in some parents (low or very low confidence). Parents were more willing to agree to vaccines when they were asked about vaccines (moderate confidence). We found no information that made parents feel that vaccines were safe for their own health or that their health workers were any different from each other. Parents viewed health workers as an important source of information and had specific expectations of their interactions with each other (high certainty). Parents often felt that the health care providers were not good enough to provide information to their children, and that it was hard for them to know whether they were doing their job well. None of the interventions seemed to change parents' perceptions of how well their child was vaccinated or how much they were being cared for. We have high or moderate confidence in the findings where we found them. This means that we can trust the conclusions we have made.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at the effectiveness of any type of anorexia nervosa treatment. We found 10 RCTs, with a total of 599 participants, which we assessed as having a high risk of bias. Seven of the trials had been included in the review and we have added three new trials. We now say that two of the 10 trials (two of which (two children) were new for this update. The evidence is up to date as of March 2015. The results of this review suggest that treatment as usual (TAU) when delivered by a non-eating-disorder specialist or similar may be less efficacious than TAU. This was found in one RCT (40 adults) and the quality of the RCT was very low. However there were no differences between TAU and TAU for any of the outcomes we looked at, nor for body mass index (BMI). There were also no differences in the dropout rates from the TAU or TAU groups. There was a suggestion in one trial that focal psychodynamic therapy might be superior to TAU, but again this was based on just one trial. Two trials found no evidence that any specific treatment was better than any other. None of the studies looked at any side effects. We can draw no conclusions about the effect of any one specific treatment over the other from the evidence we have found. Larger trials with longer follow-up times and with more participants are needed.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effectiveness of any treatment for macular oedema. We found three RCTs involving 516 participants. One study was from the USA and involved 151 adults who were treated with silicone oil or perfluropropane (C3F8) gas tamponades. The other trial involved 94 adults who received heavy silicone oil (perfluroproane gas or a mixture of perfluorohexyloctane (F6H8) and silicone oil) or placebo (silicone oil). The third trial involved 271 adults who had surgery to remove their vitreous lens (wound cornea) and were assigned to one of three treatment groups: the first group was treated with either silicone oil, the other group was given placebo or no treatment, and the third group was followed up for two years. We did not find any evidence that any one treatment was better than the other. For macular attachment, we found no evidence that one method was any better than another. There were no differences between silicone oil and perfluoropropane gas in terms of the proportion of participants who achieved at least 5/200 vision acuity or macular adhesions. There was no information on the costs of the treatments. We judged the risk of bias of the studies to be very low.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (involving more than 1819 women) looking at the benefits and harms of planned preterm birth for preterm women and their babies. We found five randomised trials involving 1819 pregnant women. Two of the trials were at high risk of bias (i.e. women and staff would have been aware of whether they were in the group or not) and this may have had an impact on how decisions were made. There was a lower risk of preterm births for women who had planned to give birth soon after the due date (two trials, 1459 women). There were no clear differences between groups based on our subgroup analysis by gestational age, gestational week or condition. We did not find any difference between groups in terms of the risk of death or the need for a neonatal to be cared for in the neonatal neonatal ICU, or in the length of time the baby was in the NICU. However, there were higher levels of lung problems in the baby in one of the groups and so we did not pool data in our meta-analysis. We were not able to draw any conclusions about the effects of the planned birth on the health outcomes for the mother or the baby. We judged the quality of the evidence to be high for early birth and very low for late birth.
We searched for randomised studies that assessed the effects of prophylactic treatments on the number of children with hemophilia A or B with a clotting factor (blood in the joints) and on the occurrence of joint bleeding. We found six randomised controlled trials involving 142 patients. Two of these, which compared three-times-a-week therapy with on-demand treatment, found that the prophilactic use of a clottic drug (prophylactics) kept the joint joints closed and prevented more joint bleeds than on-need treatment. Three of the other four studies looked at hemophile A and found that it was not possible to keep the joint closed and kept it closed. One of the trials that looked at the effect of the clotting Factor B on the amount of blood in the joint after three to seven years of follow-up found that there was no evidence that it kept the joints closed. There was also no difference in the proportion of children who had a healed joint in the year after the end of the treatment. There were also no differences in the numbers of people who had bleeding in their joints that was stopped in the long term between those who had been on treatment and those who did not. However, this may have been due to the fact that the treatment had to be stopped for a short period of time (up to three years). There was no difference between groups for the other outcomes that were assessed, such as quality of life or the length of time it took for the joint to heal. We believe that there is a child to have a good chance of having a good joint that has been healed if they have had a good fistula (a fistula) and good blood flow through the joint (a joint that does not have blood in it). There is a need for good-quality, well-conducted randomised trials to look at the best treatment for bleeding in children with haemophilia.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at treatments for BL. We included 13 RCTs in this review. In total, 1824 adults with BL were randomised to take part in 13 randomised, double blind, placebo controlled trials. Eight of these aimed to induce remission; the other studies aimed to maintain remission; and five of the trials aimed to reduce the risk of death due to treatment. We were not able to pool data for any of the outcomes assessed in the studies. In two out of three studies, the overall survival of participants in the treatment groups did not change. This review shows that the best way to treat BL is not strong as studies were small and underpowered and prone to both systematic and random error. Less aggressive treatments seem to be more effective with less side-effects. This is based on evidence from 10 trials with 732 adults. This evidence is up to date as of March 2015.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at anti-D prophylaxis in RhD women. We found two RCTs (involving 447 RhD non-pregnant women) that looked at the effects of intramuscular (IM) and intravenous (IV) administration of Rhophylac. We were not able to tell whether there were any differences in the risk of Rh alloimmunization in either of the studies, as the sample size was not large. One of the trials found that the mean IgG concentrations after IV and IM infusion differed up to seven days (36.1 (2.6) ng/mL IV and 19.8 (8.7) IgG IM on day seven). However, from two to three weeks post-administration, the concentrations were the same for both routes of administration. None of the women involved in the studies developed antibodies against the RhD antigen. The choice of IM or IV route of administration will depend on the available preparations, the dose to be administered and also on the patients' preferences. This review found insufficient information to guide practice due to the small sample sizes and methodological limitations.
Eight studies with 21,379 adults with diabetes were randomised to take part in the study or placebo. Three trials looked at the effects of ticlopidine compared to aspirin or a placebo. Five studies looked at clopidogrel versus aspirin and dipyridamole. One study looked at ADP receptor antagonists versus other antiplatelet drugs. The mean duration of follow-up ranged from 365 days to 913 days. All the trials had high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of favouritism by the investigators or researchers), except one trial which looked at coronary artery disease. This study did not find any differences in all-cause death or death from any cause, or in the occurrence of myocardial infarction (heart attack). There were no data on the risk of heart attack or death due to any cause. There was no evidence that any of the drugs were any more or less likely to cause side effects in the long term (over six months) in people with diabetes who had had a stroke or had not had a heart attack in the first year of life.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of airway clearance and ventilators in adults with cystic fibrosis. We found 10 RCTs with a total of 191 adults. Seven trials looked at single treatment sessions, one looked at a two-week treatment, one studied a six-week intervention and one looked for three months. We did not find any trials that used non-invasive ventilation. Six trials (151 adults) looked at airway clearing with the use a nasal mask or mouthpiece and one trial used a face mask. We were not able to find any evidence that using an airway mask or ventilator helped to clear the airway of mucus from the lungs, but it did improve some lung function tests. Three trials (27 adults) assessed the effects of ventilatory support. We rated the risk of bias for most of the outcomes we looked at as low or very low. This means that we can trust the results. Some of the trials did not give details of how they were done and this could have led to bias. We could not tell whether the people in the trials knew whether they were in the control group or the group that was in the 'placebo group. This could have had an impact on the way the trial was done and it is not clear what effect it had on the findings. We judged the overall quality of the studies to be very low due to problems with how the trials were done.
The aim of this review was to assess the benefits and harms of NIPPV for people with COPD. We searched for randomised, double-blind, long-term randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at nocturnal-NIPPV in COPD patients for at least three months. We found seven RCTs on 245 people. Three of these studies have been added to a list of ‘Studies Awaiting Assessment’. The evidence from these three new studies has led to the inclusion of three new trials on 245 participants in this update of the review. We have not yet been able to draw any firm conclusions as to whether or not NCPV has an impact on lung function, oxygenation, quality of life or sleep in stable COPD due to the lack of information. We did not find any studies that measured the effect of NCP v in relation to other aspects of COPD, such as airway pressure, lung function or oxygenation. We also did not see any effect on gas exchange, exercise tolerance, health-based outcomes such as lung oxygenation or sleep efficiency. We were not able to find any evidence for or against noctaneous, non-inhaled nitric oxide (NO) in any of the studies we looked at. This review has been up-to-date as of March 2015.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at the benefits and harms of induction of labour for women and staff. We found four RCTs involving 1190 women. These studies were assessed as being at low or unclear risk of bias. Induction of labour did not seem to change the risk of caesarean section or forceps and did not have a clear effect on whether the labour was induced or not. However, there were more perineal tears in the induction group and this may have been due to the fact that the labour had to be induced. There was no strong evidence of any difference between groups for any of the other outcomes we looked at, such as the incidence of asphyxia (fetal or neonatal) or low arterial cord blood pH (blood in the urine). Mean birthweight was lower in the intervention group, but there was a lot of bias in the way the trials were done. Also, because the studies were so few, we were not sure how many inductions may not have been needed. Therefore, we judged the quality of the studies to be low or very low.
We searched for randomised trials that assessed the benefits and harms of any form of vitamin D. We found 56 randomised studies with 95,286 adults. Forty-eight of these studies (94,491 adults) were of healthy adults. Four trials (18,491 participants) included healthy adults, nine trials (9,927 adults) included postmenopausal adults, and 35 trials (95,286 participants) looked at people who were living on their own or in hospital. The age of participants ranged from 18 to 107 years. Most trials (77%) were older than 70 years. Ninety-four trials reported no deaths, and nine trials reported deaths but did not report in which intervention group the deaths occurred. The remaining eight trials (795 adults) reported deaths in the same way. The trials were of high risk of bias (that is, there was a chance that the people taking part in the trial did not know whether they were in the experimental or control group or in the 'placebo' group). More than half of the trials had at least one high-risk of bias. Vitamin D decreased deaths in all 56 trials (12.5% vs 12.7%). More than 8% of participants dropped out of the trial. The quality of the evidence was very low to low. This was due to the very low number of trials and to the fact that many of the people in the trials did not give details of how they decided whether or not they would take part or not, and the way the trials were done. This made it very hard for us to draw conclusions.
This review found that orlistat, or fluoxetine, or or or sibutramine can produce small weight loss. Some of these drugs have been shown to cause gastrointestinal side effects, such as tremor, somnolence and sweating, and palpitations. However, the size of weight loss with these drugs is modest and the long-term health benefits remain unclear. There is a lack of data on other drugs.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at the effectiveness of any form of antiepileptic medicine used to treat epilepsy. We found five RCTs involving a total of 734 participants. We assessed only one study as good quality and the other four as poor quality. We were not able to combine the data from the trials as we had planned, as not all of the trials looked at the same outcomes as those we were aiming to look at. However, we did find one RCT that did do this and it did show that people treated with VGB had about half the time to seizure free six months after the end of treatment as those treated with CBZ, but this may have been due to the fact that the CBZ treatment was not as good as the VGB treatment. VGB was found to cause more weight gain and skin rash and drowsiness, but no differences in the risk of seizure free seizure free time were found. There was no information on any of the other outcomes we thought were important. We concluded that VGB monotherapy should not be a first-line choice for people with epilepsy, and given the high number of eyes that have been found in the eyes of epilepsy, we think that the visual field should be frequently assessed.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the benefits and harms of any type of stem cell transplantation in adults with non-Hodgkin lymphoma or multiple myeloma. We found four RCTs. Two of these closed early due to lack of recruitment and did not report results. The other two trials, which were more than 20 years old, were not large enough in size to be sure that their findings were valid. The meta-analysis of these trials showed no evidence for differences between plerixafor and placebo (fake drug) in terms of death or the need for a transplantation. However, the meta-analyses showed an advantage for those who were randomised to receive either a stem cell transfusion or a sham (pretend) stem cell infusion. There was a high risk of bias in these trials. As there was high-risk of bias and a lack of data for the outcome of the number of transplants, we did not pool the data. In the one large, high-certainty RCT that looked at the role of a drug called G-CSF in the collection of stem cells, we found high-quality evidence that the use of the drug was superior to placebo for this outcome. The evidence from the other three trials was either low or very low quality. This was due to the fact that it was not clear whether the people taking part in the trials knew whether they were in the treatment or the 'placebo' group and this could have impacted on the results.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effectiveness of any form of surgery to treat stress incontinence. We found 23 RCTs involving 1806 women, of whom 717 received cones. All of the trials were small, and in many the quality of the evidence was hard to judge. There was some evidence that, compared with no surgery, cones were better than no surgery. However, there was not enough evidence to show that cones plus PFMT was any better than either cones alone or PFMT alone. Cones could be offered as one treatment option, if women found them acceptable. This is an update of a Cochrane review first published in 2013. We searched for new trials in February 2015 and found one. This update has been added to a list of ‘Studies Awaiting Classification', and the search has now been down to ‘Top of the list’. The search is up to date as of March 2015.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of any type of anticoagulant in AF patients. We found 11 RCTs with a total of 2246 AF patients (ranging from 14 to 712 by study) that met our criteria for inclusion in the review. We found that, compared with usual care, educating AF patients about the need to self-monitor and their ability to control their blood clotting (known as TTR) did not seem to have a positive impact on TTR. However, we found small but positive effects of education on anxiety and cognitive-behavioural (psychological) outcomes. The effect of decision aids on decision conflict favoured usual care. This is a new area of research, and there is a need to explore the effect of interventions that aim to change the way in which in- and outpatients are cared for in the long term (over a long period of time), in order to help us understand the mechanisms by which they can be achieved. This review is up-to-date as of March 2017.
Seventy randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 11,487 women are included in this review. In this review, seven new RCTs (778 women) have been added. Overall, vaginal prostaglandin E2 compared with no treatment or no treatment reduces the chance of the caesarean birth not being achieved in 24 hours. The risk of uterine hyperstimulation with changes in the heart rate (fetal heart rate changes) is increased (4.8% versus 1.0%) and uterine haemorrhage is reduced (13.5% versus 14.8%). PGE2 tablets, gels and pessaries seem to be as effective as each other, small differences are found between them, but these may have been due to chance. Prostaglandins PGE3 or PGF2a seem to increase the chances of the uterine contractions, but do not seem to cause more harm. They increase the chance that the cervix (neck of the womb) will be opened (cervical wall) and the chances that the obstetrician will have to help with the birth (womb wall) without any change in operative delivery rates.
We searched for randomised trials that looked at the effects of cot-nursing compared to incubator care. We found five trials involving 247 infants. Five of the trials were large enough to be included in the review. The trials were done in the 1980s and 1990s when babies born in the neonatal cot room of a tertiary neonatal and neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) or in a neonatal ICU. Infants in the cot were no more or less likely to have hyperthermia (faster than in the incubator group) during the first week after birth (called 'postpartum haemorrhage') but this may have been due to the use of a heated water-filled mattress. There were no differences in mean body temperature (0.02 degrees C; 95% CI -0.04 to 0.07 degrees C) or body weight gain (5.90 g/kg/kg or kg/kg). Fewer infants died on the first day of postpartum, or in the first two weeks of life, with cot nursing. The evidence from the trials we found was of low or very low quality. This was mainly due to problems with the way the studies were done.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of surgery to open or close the gap between the palate and the palate. We found three RCTs, involving 146 adults who were followed up for up to one year. Two of the three studies were assessed to be of high risk of bias. The main findings of the review were that the open or closed surgery may be similar in terms of how well the teeth were exposed and how well they were treated. One of the two types of surgery caused one patient in the open group to have an infection after surgery and one in the closed group. Both techniques caused one or more minor side-effects. We were not able to draw conclusions as to whether one surgery was better than the other for any of the outcomes we looked at. This is due to the low- to very low-quality of the studies we found. This means that we are uncertain about the results. This suggests the need for more high-quality studies. Three trials have been identified and it is hoped that these three trials will be able to give us evidence that can be pooled to increase the level of certainty we have in these findings.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at the use of prostaglandins for uterine haemorrhage after childbirth. We found three RCTs involving 244 women. The studies were considered to be at high risk of bias. The progesterone analogues (sulprostone and misoprostol) used were PG E2 and PG E1. These analogues were compared with a fake medicine (placebo). We did not find any studies that looked at the effectiveness and the side-effects of the drug. We did find limited, very low- and very limited-quality evidence from RCT data, which showed that the drug did not reduce the need for a blood transfusion or the need to add other drugs. Side-effects were similar between groups (vomiting, headache, pain and nausea). We were not able to find any information on the safety of the drugs.
We searched for studies up to September 2017. We found six studies involving 355 preterm neonates that were of sufficient size to be included in the review. We did not find any new studies for this update. We included six randomised trials involving 355 neonates. Two of the trials used CPAP using a face mask, two with nasal CPAP and one with both CNP and endotracheal CPAP (for sicker neonates). For this update, we found no new trials. We reran the search in February 2018. We will deal with the six studies of use in a later update of this review when we update this review. Continuous distending pressure (CDP) reduces the risk of treatment failure (death or use of help with breathing) and death in the first 28 days of life. Use of CDP is associated with increased risk of pneumothorax (air in the lungs). We found no differences in bronchopulmonary dysplasia (bronchodilators have to be weaned from the ventilator for the first 24 to 48 hours of life) or in BPD (breathing difficulties). Babies using CDP have a reduced risk of death and the need for help with oxygenation. Babies who use CDP are at higher risk of BPD and have a lower risk of having low birth weight (births above 1500 g). The CDP group had a greater risk of low blood oxygenation, but this did not seem to cause more harm than the CPAP group. We could not tell whether the CDP was more or less effective in terms of death, BPD or quality of life because we did not have information on this. We were not able to tell whether CDP had an impact on any of the other outcomes that we looked at. The quality of the evidence was very low to low for all outcomes. This was mainly due to the number of babies in the trials and the fact that only a few studies looked at one type of CPAP for a short time (up to 28 days).
We searched for randomised trials that compared foam dressers with other types of dressers for treating foot ulcers in adults with diabetes. We found six randomised, double blind, placebo controlled trials that were of sufficient size and/or of short term (12 weeks or less) duration to be able to assess the effects of foam dressing on ulcer healing. Two of these trials found foam dressings were no more or less likely to heal foot ulcer wounds than basic wound contact dressers. There was no evidence to suggest that foam wound dressers were more helpful in the healing of foot wounds in the long term (i.e. six months or more) than hydrocolloid (matrix) dressing. All six studies were of low or very low risk of bias and all had small sample sizes. Therefore, we judged the quality of the trials to be very low.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo-controlled trials (RCTs) of endoscopy and surgery in adults with chronic pancreatitis and dilation of the pancreatic duct. We found three eligible RCTs. Two of these studies (111 adults) compared endoscopic treatment with surgery. One study (32 adults) looked at surgery and found that surgery resulted in a higher percentage of adults with pain relief and a better quality of life, but not at long-term follow-up (≥ 5 years). No differences were found in terms of complications or death from any cause, although the number of people in the trial was too few to know whether surgery or surgery was the better treatment. The other trial (32 adult men) compared surgery with conservative (surgical) treatment. This study showed that surgery provided a greater percentage of people with pain control and a longer time without pain, but it did not seem to be as good as surgery. It is not clear whether surgery was as good at relieving pain as surgery, and it is not known whether it had more side-effects. None of the trials looked at whether people were more or less well-nourished after the endoscopic surgery was done, or whether people had to have a course of surgery. The trials we found did not have a high risk of bias, but the way they were done meant that no one knew whether they were in the surgery or the surgery group, and this could have led to bias.
We searched for randomised trials to find out whether early (soon after surgery) or late (longer than 24 hours) bathing after surgery is the best way to reduce the risk of wound infection after skin surgery. We found one randomised trial that looked at this topic. This was at high risk of bias. This trial included 857 patients who had skin surgery for minor skin excision surgery in the primary care setting. The wounds were sutured after the excision. There were no differences between the groups in the proportion of patients who developed SSI (infection of the wound) between the two groups (857 patients; 95% CI 0.62 to 1.48). The trial did not look at whether there were any differences between groups in terms of whether the skin was clean after surgery or not. There is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared corticosteroids with no corticostimulants in adults with ALS. We found only one RCT that assessed the effects of prednisone, but this RCT had a high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way the RCT was run and run). This RCT included 35 people with ALS who had neuropathic pain. After 12 weeks, 12 of 19 adults who were randomised to corticoprostolone and five of 16 adults who received no treatment showed improvement (very low- or very low-quality evidence). The RCT did not measure the main outcome for this review, which we judged to be the most important part of a well-conducted study. The trial did not report side effects in detail, but one of the 35 people who were treated with dexamethasone died. The evidence from this trial was of very low or low quality. This was due to the fact that the trial was small and there were problems with the way it was done. We are very uncertain about the effect of oral cortnisone compared with no treatment, because the quality of the evidence from the only RCT we found was very low and it came from a single RCT.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of different types of check-up. We found six RCTs, with a total of 2100 participants. Four of these studies (1213 adults) looked at whether or not people with asthma had an asthma flare-up (exacerbations) or flare-ups. We did not find any evidence that people who had a face-to-face checked-up were more likely to have an exacerbation (‘exacerbation’) of their asthma. We could not tell from the evidence we found whether we were more or less satisfied with the way the studies were done. Some people dropped out of the trials, and this may have been due to the fact that people knew whether they were in the'real life' group or the 'placebo' group, which may have biased the results. We were not able to tell whether people had a better or worse quality of life from the information we found. We rated the quality of the evidence as low or very low for most of the outcomes, which means we have very few reliable data.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of exercise therapy in adults with JIA. We found three RCTs that met our inclusion criteria with a total of 212 participants. All the studies were heterogenous (i.e. had at least seven domains that were homogenous and could be pooled in a meta-analysis). Based on the results of these three studies, we were unable to show us whether or not exercise therapy has any long-term effects. Based on'silver-level' evidence (www.cochranemsk.org), we found that, based on the short-term results of this review, there was no evidence that exercise therapy can improve functional ability, quality of life, aerobic capacity or pain. None of the studies found any evidence that it had any negative effects. The findings of this Cochrane review, as seen in this review and based on this meta-analyser, are consistent with the results from the RCT studies and show that there is a lack of high-level, well-conducted studies that have examined the benefits of the use of exercise therapies in the short term (up to six months). The results of the meta-analytic meta-a meta-assessment, however, are less clear due to the large variation in the way the trials were designed and conducted and the fact that only a small number of studies have looked at this type of treatment. Therefore, we believe that the conclusions made in this overview should be made with caution.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the benefits and harms of antibiotics in adults (≥ 16 years of age) admitted to the ICU or outpatients. We found 19 RCTs with 2663 adults (11 with outpatants, seven with inpatients, and one with ICU patients). The mean age of people in the trials ranged from 65 years to 82 years. The mean length of hospital stay (in days) was about 10 days. Antibiotics were compared with placebo (a fake medicine) or no treatment. The evidence is up to date as of March 2018. Antiviral drugs were found to reduce the risk of the first course of treatment failing in adults with mild to moderate flare-ups (i.e. mild to very mild). Antibiotic drugs were not shown to be any better or worse in terms of re-exacerbations (infection) or death. There was no difference in quality of life (how well people were able to function and how well they were treated) but there was some low- or very low-quality evidence that antibiotics were no more or less likely to cause side-effects (e.g. nausea and vomiting) in adults who had a flare-up compared with those who did not take antibiotics. There were no trials that looked at antibiotic use in children or adults who were not treated. There is a need for well-conducted, well-designed, large-scale randomised trials to assess the effects of the use of drugs in children and adults. This plain language summary is up-to-date as of April 2018.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of whole grain diets on death from any cause or on major CVD risk factors such as blood lipids and blood pressure. We found nine RCTs (involving 1414 adults with an age range of 24 to 70; mean age 45 to 59; mean risk of bias of unclear or high risk). We found no studies that reported the effect of the diet on death due to CVD or on any of the risk factors for CVD (total myocardial infarction, unstable angina, coronary artery graft surgery, percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty, total stroke, total CVD, or any other CVD cause). We assessed the quality of the studies as low. There was a need for well-designed, large-scale, well-conducted studies that had longer durations (i.e. for more than 16 weeks) that assessed the impact of the food on CVD events as well as risk of CVD. We did not find any studies that measured mortality or CVD mortality. There were also no trials that assessed quality of life or on the need for blood tests to be checked for blood pressure or blood lipid levels. All of the trials were small and of variable or low quality, and no studies had long-term follow-up times. There is not enough high- or low- or very low-quality data to know whether or not eating whole grain foods has an impact on the number of deaths from CVD and on the risk of heart problems.
Thirty-eight studies with a total of 1896 adults were included in the review. Three trials looked at the short-term effect of using an air-stirrup versus an orthosis or a walking cast. There was limited information from two studies (106 adults) to show that there was no evidence of improvement in the short term with use of an air stirrup. One study (12 adults) found 12 weeks of hypnosis did not show that the use of a removable type of immobilisation did not make a change in the length of time patients were able to walk after orthopaedic surgery. Use of a fixed cast combined with exercise reduced pain at the long term (i.e. the amount of pain that the patient had at the end of the treatment). There was no information from any of the studies to show whether there was any improvement in quality of life or in the number of patients with pain. The quality of the evidence was very low to low for all of the outcomes. This was mainly due to problems with the way the research was done.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and non-randomised RCTs that looked at the effect of any of these interventions on children's adherence to ART. We found four studies. A RCT of a home-based nursing programme showed a positive effect of the intervention on knowledge and medication refills, but no effect on CD4 count and viral load. A second RCT showed that children in the care home who were treated with a Lopinavir-ritonavir-ritonavir (LPV/r) regimen had fewer children reporting no missed doses than those in the control group, but this may have been due to bias in the RCT. The third RCT found that the percentage of children who achieved >80% adherence was no different between children on a lopavir and ritonaviral regimens compared to those on a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase regimen. The fourth RCT used peer support group therapy for adolescents showed no change in self-reported adherence, yet the proportion of adolescents who were able to get rid of the virus in their blood increased from 30% to 80%. However, this did not seem to have an effect on adherence or on the number of patients who dropped out of the trial. A non-RCT of peer support groups showed that peer support therapy for teenagers did not show improvements in adherence, but showed that adolescents who received peer support were more likely to be able to stop the virus from infecting their blood, suggesting a mechanism for improved health outcomes. However, the quality of the studies was not high enough to draw conclusions about the effects of interventions for all children with ART. More research is needed to find out the best way to improve the way in which children are cared for in the home home.
This review of trials found that oral fenoprofen 200 mg was effective in the short-term (4 to 6 hours) for acute postoperative pain. There were too few trials to know how well the drug worked. There was no evidence that it worked in the longer term or in the days after surgery (up to 12 weeks). There were also too few data to know if it helped with other types of pain, or whether it had any side effects.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at the use of PFMT for prolapse. We found six RCTs, three of which are new for this update. Four trials were small (less than 25 women per arm) and the risk of bias in two out of four trials in this review was high. Four of the trials compared PFMT against a control group (no PFMT). Two trials looked at PFMT as an add-on to surgery and looked at whether it helped the symptoms of prolapse or surgery alone. The largest trial to date (n = 857 women) looked at pelvic floor muscles and found improvements in pelvic floor muscle function in the PFMT group compared to the control group. Two out of three trials which looked at urinary outcomes (how well women were able to pass urine and how much pain they were feeling) found no evidence of differences between groups in favour of women who had PFMT. One trial looked at the effects of adding PFMT to surgery versus surgery alone and found no difference between groups. Two of the three trials that looked at how well PFMT worked and how well it worked after surgery compared to surgery alone found that PFMT added to surgery did not seem to help women with prolapse and surgery alone helped. There were no data to look at how much PFMT helped with symptoms or how much it helped with pain after surgery. There is a need for a large, well-conducted RCT to find out if PFMT can help with pelvic prolapse symptoms and symptoms in the medium and long term.
This Cochrane Cochrane Review summarises evidence from 14 randomised, double-blind, double blind trials of quinolones. Fourteen trials involving 1,724 adults with CSOM with hearing loss were included in the meta-analyses. The trials varied in how they were done and how the people taking part were randomised and this made it hard to tell whether they were in the treatment group or the group that did not take the medicine or no medicine. However, we did find that topical quins can clear aural discharge better than no medicine at one week and cure CSOM more than antiseptics. There was no difference between quinsolones and non-quinolone antibiotics at weeks one or three. This was largely due to one trial and not very much variation in the way the trials were done. Meanwhile, non-cinolones were more mixed, changing over time (four studies, 254 adults). There was some weak data for the safety of the drugs.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the accuracy of FRS for schizophrenia. We found 21 RCTs with a total of 6253 people. These were conducted from 1974 to 2011, with 80% of the studies conducted in the 1970's, 1980's or 1990's. The evidence is current to May 2015. The findings of the review show that, in the short-term (i.e. over a few weeks), the use of a FRS test can lead to people with schizophrenia having around five to 19 people in every 100 who have FRS. In the long-term, the diagnostic accuracy of this test can be between 50% and 100%. This means that, out of 100, around five out of every 100 with FRS will be missed and will not receive a course of treatment. This is true even if the test is very old (e.g. from the 1970s, 1980s or 1990s) and the trial is very large. The review also found that FRS can be used in schizophrenia and other types of mental health, but it is not clear if it is better to use a test called FRS only for schizophrenia, or if it should be used for all types of schizophrenia.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effectiveness of any form of atopic dermatitis education. We found 10 RCTs, of which 5 were new to this review. There were 2003 adults in the largest RCT (n = 992 adults) and 44 adults in one small (psychological) study. The largest and most robust RCT showed a reduction in the severity of the disease and in quality of life, in both nurse- and dermatologist-led (both nurse and dermatologist-led) groups compared with those who did not attend the RCT. This means that we can be fairly sure that the intervention resulted in improvements in these groups. However, in all of the above studies, there were problems with the way the studies were done. We judged four studies to have high risk of bias because of the way in which in some participants dropped out or dropped out of the studies, or because of other bias. This review has added five new studies to a list of ‘Studies Awaiting Classification', which is a Cochrane Schizophrenia Group review. The search is up to date as of March 2017.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at the effectiveness of HBOT in people with LRTI. We found 14 RCTs, with a total of 7753 participants, that looked at the effects of HBORT for treatment of LRTIs. There was some evidence that HBOT was more likely than HBOT without HBOT on ORN and reduced the chance of ORN with ORN. HBOT also improved the chances of having a cure of radiation proctitis (wound closure) and ORN in the short term (up to three months). HBOT reduced the risk of having an ORN after tooth extraction in an irradiated field. However, HBOT did not seem to have an advantage over HBOT with respect to other symptoms such as headache, neck pain, anus and rectum pain, or the need for surgery. These studies did not look at whether HBOT had an effect on neurological (e.g. brain and spinal cord) symptoms or on quality of life. These findings were based on a very low to very low quality of evidence. We were not able to draw any conclusions as to the benefits and harms from HBOT because of the lack of information.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of blunt (pulp extracapsular ligations) or sharp (wound) patellar ligations in surgery. We found 10 RCTs involving 2961 participants that addressed this topic. Four of the trials were on surgery to close incisions, two on caesarean section, one on vaginal surgery and one on hip replacement surgery. The evidence from these trials is of high quality. The use of a blunt needle reduced the risk of the perforation of one of the fingers of the hand to one in three. Because the force needed for the blunt needle to be used is higher, their use was rated as more difficult but still acceptable in five out of six studies. The risk of injury to the other hand was the same whether the surgeon used a blunt or a sharp needle. The quality of the evidence was high.
This review aimed to find out if trifluoperazine was as good as low-potency antipsychotics and whether it was better or worse in terms of effectiveness. We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that randomised people with schizophrenia to take part in a trial that randomly assigned them to receive either a high-potent antipsychotic drug (trifluopentazine) or a lower-potence antipsychoid. We found seven RCTs involving 422 participants that looked at whether or not people were more or less satisfied with the results. The size of the trials was between 20 and 157 participants with a study length of four and 52 weeks. Overall, the way the trials were done was not well reported. Trifluoperativeazine was not as good or good as either low- or moderate-potential antipsychosocial drugs. There was no evidence that it was any worse or worse than low quality drugs. However, there were more side-effects in the low quality anti-psychotics group (such as tremors, tremors and uncontrollable movements) but these were not as bad as with the high quality drug groups.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the benefits and harms of preterm infants who were fed in a preterm infant's first few days of life. We found nine RCTs (involving 593 preterm babies) that addressed this topic. The trials were generally of low or very low risk of bias. Some low- to very low-to-very low-certainty data suggest that preterm preterm newborns who fed in response to feeding and with a set amount of sugary drink may be able to eat earlier than those who fed their first few weeks of life up to six weeks from the time of intagastric tube feeding. However, we found no evidence that this was the case in the longer term (i.e. longer than six weeks). None of the trials reported on the effects of the intervention on the length of time the preterm baby spent in hospital. Overall, the data do not provide strong or consistent results. A large RCT would be needed to confirm these findings and to find out if feeding of infants who are preterm is safe and effective.
The aim of this review was to assess the benefits and harms of treatments for hyperhomocysteinaemia in peripheral arterial disease. We searched for randomised trials that compared any type of medicine to any form of medicine that contains folic acid or 5-methyltetrahydrofolate (5-MTHF), or a multivitamin B supplement. We found two randomised studies with a total of 161 participants. One of these showed that there was a significant improvement in ankle brachial index (ABI) in the ABI in people who were treated with 5-methylprednisolone compared with placebo. The other showed no difference in ABI between those who were given 5- methyllethralfate and those who received placebo. These studies did not report on deaths and rate of limb loss. No major events were reported. We were not able to make any conclusions as to the benefits or harms of any medicine used in this review due to the lack of data.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of different types of payment to dentists for treating molar teeth. We found two RCTs, with a total of 821 dentists and 4771 patients. One study looked at how much of a dentist’s work was supported by a fee-for-care payment. This study found that dentists who were offered a fee for their teeth to have filling and extractions tended to give more preventive advice. However, this may have been due to the fact that their dentists were seeing their patients less often and they did not see as many dentists as those who were not. This may have had some influence on the way the study was done. The other RCT looked at whether or not dentists used the sealants that were used in their teeth. This RCT did not find evidence that these sealants helped dentists to do more with their teeth than those that were not used. We judged the risk of bias to be high for both studies and the quality of the evidence was low/very low for all outcomes, as assessed by the GRADE approach. This review found that there was not a lot of good-quality research in this area and that there were differences in how well dentists did and didn't do, and how much they did, do and didn’t do, deal with, and take part in the care they do.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving over 17,000 women and their babies. We found 21 RCTs that looked at the effects of the use of zinc in the diets of women who were at high risk of preterm birth (i.e. women who had not been able to give birth preterm) or who were low or very low birthweight. The trials were generally at low risk of bias. The evidence for a 14% (range 0.86, range 0.76 to 0.97) reduction in preterm births was found in 16 trials involving 7637 women. This was not found in the subgroup of women with low versus normal zinc levels or in women who said they were not able to comply with their treatment versus those who did not. No clear differences were seen in any of the other main maternal or neonatal outcomes, except for induction of labour in a single trial. No evidence was found for the outcomes of stillbirth and neonatal death. The findings of this Cochrane Cochrane Review are consistent with the findings of other Cochrane Reviews. The GRADE of the evidence for the main outcomes of the Cochrane review for the review, for example, the GRADE for the outcome of the mother’s weight, height or weight gain and for the quality of life for the baby was low.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at the use of probiotics as an adjuvant treatment to antifungal drugs. We found 10 RCTs (1656 adults) that met our inclusion criteria, and the pharmaceutical industry funded none of these trials. Probiotics may increase the rate of short-term clinical cure and decrease the relapse rate at one month but this did not translate into a higher rate of long-term cure or mycological cure. Probiotic use did not seem to increase the frequency of serious or non-serious side effects. We did not find any studies that looked at the time to first relapse, need for additional treatment at the end of therapy, patient satisfaction and cost. Low and very low risk of bias for all of the outcomes we looked at. This review is up to date as of March 2016.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared progestogens with placebo or no treatment in a group of women who were at high risk of having a preterm birth (i.e. women who are less than 28 weeks pregnant) or who were pregnant. We found seven RCTs (involving 696 women) that met our criteria for inclusion in the review. Two trials were from the USA and four were from higher-income countries. The evidence is up to date as of March 2018. Progestogens compared to a control group that got no progestogen or a fake medicine (placebo or no medicine) or a sham medicine or no intervention may improve the chances of a baby being born preterm. However, we are not sure if they have any effect on the chance of miscarriage. We are also uncertain if they reduce the risk of miscarriage in the case of a woman who is not well-nourished or who is about to have a baby. We assessed the body of evidence for the main outcomes and found that the quality of the evidence ranged from very low to moderate. This was mainly due to the number of women in the trials and the fact that in some of the trials, the women knew which group they were in and this could have had an impact on the results.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of laser treatment in diabetic retinopathy. We found a large number of RCTs but only five of these studies were eligible for inclusion in the review, i.e. they compared laser treatment to no laser or no laser treatment. Three of the trials were from the USA, one in the UK and one in Japan. A total of 4786 eyes (9503 eyes) were included in these studies. The majority of participants in four of these trials were people with retinopathopathy of the retina; one of these included eyes with non-proliferative retinitis. Three studies were conducted in the USA and one of the UK, Japan. There was no difference between laser treatment and no laser therapy in terms of risk of progression of the disease, loss of 15 or more letters of vision acuity or need for surgery. Longer term follow-up (up to five years) did not show a consistent pattern, but one study found a 20% improvement in risk of loss of five letters of visual acuity with laser therapy at five years with laser treatments. There were no differences between laser therapy and other types of laser therapy for progression of diabetes retinoma with treated eyes experiencing a 50% increased risk of disease progression at one year and 50% more risk of surgery at three years. However, these findings are based on a small number of studies and therefore they should be viewed with some caution. All of the studies were at risk of bias due to the way they were done and the number of eyes included in the study was too small to draw firm conclusions.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the effects of CPAP or NPPV in adults with acute lung failure. We found two RCTs involving 269 adults. The trials were conducted in China and Italy (one was a multicentre trial). Both trials were at high risk of bias. The mean age of the trials was 65 years. There were no deaths in the ICU and the length of ICU stay was the same (1.84 days). We found no information on anastomosis (leaking of the airway valve), pneumonia (infection), and sepsis (sepsis). There was very low- to low-to-very low-risk of bias in both trials. We were not able to draw conclusions about the safety of either treatment due to the very low quality of the evidence. We did find some low-quality data from one trial that bilevel nasal pruritus may reduce the need for a tracheal intubation and may improve blood gas levels and blood pH one hour after the intervention. There was no evidence to be certain about the impact of the intervention on death or the need to be cared for in hospital. The studies did not assess gastric insufflation, fistulae, pneumothorax (air in the windpipe of the lungs), or infections. We rated the quality of evidence as very low to low.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind trials of analgesia for spinal cord surgery. We found four trials involving 388 women that were judged to be of unclear to high risk of bias. A variety of drugs were assessed in the trials, and thus results could not be pooled in meta-analysis. Three of these drugs (diazepam, ketamine and vinydan-ether) were compared with other drugs (ketamine and other anaesthetics) for analgesia. One trial (26 women) compared spinal analgesia to pudendal nerve block (in both groups lignocaine was administered). With regard to the main outcomes of pain relief and forceps delivery, women receiving diazepam were more than twice as likely to judge their pain relief as those in the ketamine-ether group. In a fourth study (101 women) no difference was seen between the two groups in the percentage of women who judged their pain as effective. No differences were seen in the number of studies that assessed the analgesia of the spinal cord for spinal anaesthesia. None of the trials looked at other analgesics, such as ketamine or other drugs, for pain relief. The evidence from this review is up to date as of June 2013.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of yoga on quality of life and symptoms in adults with asthma. We found 15 RCTs with a total of 1048 participants. Five of the trials looked at yoga breathing alone; the other five looked at different types of yoga, such as breathing, posture, and meditation. The studies lasted from two weeks to 54 months, for no more than six months in the majority of studies. The quality of evidence from the trials varied from very low to high. The risk of bias was low across all domains in one study and unclear or high in at least one area for the rest. There was some low- to very low-to-very low-quality evidence that yoga may lead to a small improvement in the outcomes that we looked at, but we were not able to tell whether changes in the way people with asthma feel their symptoms were measured or how well they were able to breathe and take their medicines. Yoga may also lead to improvements in AQLQ and AITQ scores, but the quality of this evidence was very low due to problems with the way the trials were run and reported. We were unable to tell from the evidence we found whether or not yoga had an impact on changes in lung function or use of medicines. No serious side-effects were reported in any of the studies, but there was a lack of data on these aspects of yoga. There is more uncertainty about potential side effects of the use of yoga and its impact on lung function and use of medications. More research is needed to find out if yoga can improve the way in which we breathe and how well we breathe in the long term.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo-controlled trials (where people are assigned to one of two or more treatment groups) looking at the effects of any type of immunosuppressive treatment in adults with MS. We found 10 randomised trials, with a total of 249 participants. Many of the trials did not report enough data for the reporting of muscle strength score at six months. We assessed six of the nine studies to be of very low or very low quality. Two trials of interferon beta-1a (a drug used to treat MS) found no difference in the percentage change in muscle strength scores from baseline to the end of six months between people treated with the drug and those who were treated with placebo. Two of the other three trials (58 people) looked at the same drug, but with a placebo (a fake drug). One study (44 people) found that the drug methotrexate (a medicine used for MS) did not increase the rate of disability in the six months after treatment. Another (44 participants) showed that the medicine did not cause patients to stop taking their medicine. Three trials (78 people) compared intravenous immunoglobulin (combined with prednisone) to placebo, but we were not able to use the data from these three trials to draw any conclusions. One trial (44 adults) reported that anti-T lymphocyte drugs (ATG) combined with MTX (which is a medicine used to enhance the body's immune system) were superior to MTX alone. Other types of drugs (oxandrolone (an antifungal drug), azathioprine (an oral medicine) and corticosteroids (drugs that suppress the immune systems) were not shown to have any effect. None of the studies were large enough to know whether or not any of these drugs had any beneficial effect. There were no data to compare corticostimulants (e.g. corticoids) to corticosone or corticoprofen. There was very low-to-very low- to moderate-quality evidence for the use of corticoid-based treatments in MS.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of linezolic drugs in adults with MRSA. We found nine RCTs, with 3144 participants, that met our criteria for this update. We did not find any new trials for this first update. For those infections due to MRSA, linezol was more effective than vancomycin in clinical and microbiological cure rates. No RCT looked at death due to SSTI or any other cause. There was no difference in all-cause deaths. There were fewer episodes of red man syndrome, pruritus and rash in the linezolid group, but more people with thrombocytopenia, and nausea when treated with linezolin. It seems, from the data, that the length of stay in hospital was shorter for those taking linezolate than for those in the vancomYcin group. The daily cost of outpatients care was less with oral linezologics than with intravenous linezole.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared PPW with other types of surgery. We found eight RCTs involving 512 adults who were randomized to either a PPW or a non-PPW operation. These trials were published up to July 2013. We did not find any evidence that the PPW operation was any more or less safe than the non-PCW one. In fact, some perioperative outcomes, such as postoperative deaths and gastric emptying, favouring PPW, favoured PPW. Furthermore, we noted that, on the other hand, patients who had PPW were less likely to require red blood cell transfusion (blood red cells are red cells that help the body to make red blood cells), and this may or may not have helped them to live longer. Overall, we judged the quality of the evidence to be low or very low for all outcomes. This was due to problems with the way the trials were designed and performed.
Six RCTs with a total of 1862 patients were included in this review. Five of the trials reported the risk of death in the subgroup of patients with traumatic subarachnoid haemorrhage. Three trials reported death and severe disability as an outcome in this subgroup. The pooled odds ratio (OR) for the five studies was 0.91 (range 0.70 to 1.16). In the other three RCTS, the odds ratio for the outcome of death or severe disability was the same. The effect of the drug nimodipine in a subpopulation of people with traumatic brain injury shows a beneficial effect, though the increase in side effects suffered by the intervention group may mean that the drug is harmful for some patients.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that randomly assigned adults with OHCA to defibrillation or standard care. We included four RCTs involving 3090 participants. Three trials were considered to be well-conducted, and one trial was considered to have a high risk of bias. We found low- to very low-to-very low-quality evidence that defibrilation given after OHCA does not seem to improve the chances of survival from OHCA. We were not able to show whether or not the use of defibrulation before OHCA improves survival. This is an area that needs more research.
The aim of this review was to assess the benefits and harms of gonadotrophins for intrauterine insemination with GnRH. We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared GnRH with stop GnRH or GnRH antagonists. We found three RCTs that were suitable for inclusion in this review. Ten trials, with eight comparisons groups, have been eligible for this Cochrane review. Only one trial reported live birth rates. The number of oocytes retrieved were significantly less in the GnRH long protocol group compared to the stop protocols and GnRH antagonist groups. The GnRH used for GnRH treatment was significantly more likely to fail. However, the use of GnRH did not seem to increase the chances of pregnancy or ectopic pregnancy. None of the studies reported on miscarriage and ectopic pregnancies. There is not enough data to support the routine use of any one treatment over the other for routine use in this subgroup of women.
This is an update of the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's original review published in 2009. The search has been updated in 2010 and the search has now been widened to look for new studies. Fifty randomised trials have been added to the review. This 2009-10 update adds 21 studies, with a total of 53 randomised studies. This review shows that people with schizophrenia may be less likely to be admitted to hospital and more likely to take their medication if they have been treated for mental illness. They may also be more satisfied with treatment and may be more willing to take medication than those who leave the care they received. We did not find evidence to say whether or not people with mental illness were more or less willing to leave care when they were treated for their mental health problems. We found evidence that people who had been in the study for a long time may have been more than twice as sure that they were in the treatment group and that those in the control group were not as sure of the results. We believe that this may be due to the fact that the way the trials were done was not as good as we thought it was and that some of the people in the trial may have known which group they were put in. This may have made the results look better than the truth. We do not think that any of the trials had a high risk of bias.
We searched for randomised trials that compared DEBs with uncoated balloon angioplasty (in which the angioplasties were not used). We found three randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo-controlled trials that included 263 adults with symptomatic in-stent restenosis of the femoropopliteal artery. These trials were carried out in Germany and Austria and used a drug called paclitaxel as the agent used in the DEBs. Two of the three trials were industry sponsored. All three trials looked at the use of the drug-eluting balloons. DEBs showed better outcomes for up to 24 months for target lesion revascularization and for binary restenitis. We found no clear evidence that DEBs were any more or less likely to cause amputation or death in the short term (up to six months). DEBs did not seem to cause more or fewer adverse events than uncoating balloons. We did not find any difference between DEBs and DEBs in terms of length of stay in the recovery room or in the ICU, but DEBs may have had more side-effects (such as pain, swelling, and swelling of the leg) in the long term. We were not able to tell whether or not DEBs had any effect on quality of life due to the way the trials were done. We rated the quality of the trials as very low for all of the outcomes we looked at. This was mainly due to problems with how the research was done.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared corticosteroids with placebo or no corticostimulants in adults (aged 18 years and over) with stable angina. We also wrote to researchers to find other RCTs. We found seven studies. We pooled the results of these trials to see if there were any differences between the groups treated with corticoid drugs and with those who did not. There were no studies that looked at the effect of corticoids on death or the need to be cared for in the hospital. This means that we are reasonably sure that the true effect is close to that we found in this study. We are moderately sure that corticotic drugs reduce the need for fever, the time for tests to normalise and the length of stay in hospital. However, we are not sure if this is the case because there were problems with the way the RCT was done. We rated the quality of the studies as high for serious adverse events, death and time for blood tests to heal. This is due to problems with how the trials were done.
We searched for studies up to May 2017. We found eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 846 adults with postpartum depression. Four of these RCTs compared a PIP with control groups only. The other four studies looked at PIP versus other treatments (i.e. another PIP, video-interaction guidance, psychoeducation, counselling or cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT)). Two of these studies included a control group in addition to an alternative treatment group. The evidence from the trials was of low or very low quality. This means that we cannot be sure of the accuracy of the findings. The trials were at high risk of bias, which means that the conclusions made in this review may overestimate the effects of the PIP for some of the outcomes. We did not find evidence that the use of PIP compared with other types of psychosocial treatment led to any improvement in outcomes such as the incidence of parental depression or change in the levels of the child or the child's mental health, or in the parent-child bond. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. This was due to problems with the way the RCT was done and run, and the fact that no one knew whether or not they were in the control or PIP group.
We found one new study in this update of the Cochrane Cochrane review, for a total of 11 studies with 753 women. This is an update of a review first published in 2013. We searched for new trials in February 2015 and found one. This review includes the results of one large, well-conducted randomised, double-blind, double blind trial of the caesarean section in which oxygen was added to room air. The evidence from this review is up to date as of March 2016. We did not find any evidence that the use of extra oxygen helped women in labour to have a longer stay in the labour ward or in the neonatal ICU. In fact, there was some evidence that it may have had a role in the short-term (i.e. for up to five minutes). None of the trials looked at whether the women’s Apgar scores were higher in the extra oxygen group than in the room air group. We judged this to be of low or very low quality due to the lack of data. We found no convincing results for the outcomes of Apgar score, pressure in the blood or change in the foetal umbilical valve (foetal arterial blood). There was some low- to very low-to-very low-quality data for the outcome of change in UaPO2 (blood in the vessels of the lungs). This was mainly due to a high risk of bias in the high-risk group.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo controlled trials that looked at the effects of reminder packs on blood and blood pressure and blood sugar levels in adults. We found twelve studies involving 2196 adults; four of these studies were new for this 2011 update of our 2006 Cochrane review. We looked at data from four of the trials and found that reminder packs increased the percentage of pills taken. Two trials looked at changes in the amount of blood or blood sugar in the blood of patients and found no effect. We also looked at change in the change in glycated haemoglobin levels, which is a protein that carries blood into the blood, but we found that this did not seem to be important. We did not find any effect on serum vitamin C and E levels, and we found no effects on self-reports of psychological symptoms. In one study the presence of a reminder aid was found to be preferred by patients with low literacy levels. Remition packs may represent a simple method for improving adherence for patients with selected conditions. However, more research is needed to find out how to make sure that reminders are easy to use and that they do not cause harm.
We searched for randomised trials that assessed the benefits and harms of any of the drugs used in elective liver resections. We found 15 randomised randomised studies evaluating 11 different drugs. All trials had high risk of bias. There were no differences between the groups in deaths, liver failure, and perioperative morbidity. Methylprednisolone was the only drug for which there were any differences between groups, and this was a short-term study (three days). The trimetazidine group had a longer stay in hospital than the control group, and dextrose seemed to protect against ischaemia. However, there is a high risk for type I and type II errors due to the few trials that could be used, and the small size of each trial. Trimetazidine, methylprednisoline, and placebo were no more or less likely to cause adverse events in the short term (three weeks) than the placebo group. There was no evidence that any of these drugs had any effect on the length of time it took for the surgery to take place, or on the number of days after the surgery. Other drugs, such as corticosteroids, were no better or worse in the long term than corticostimulants.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the benefits and harms of any type of treatment for people with CKD. We found 61 RCTs that assessed the effects of risk factors for CKD (i.e. factors that can cause damage to the kidneys). Fifty-one of these studies, with 13,327 adults, were of interest in this review. In total, we included 61 studies; 46 for prevalence, six for risk factors and nine for risk of bias. Of these 52 studies, 36 looked at a decreased (estimated) GFR, including at least 432 CCS, and found it was present in 0% to 73.7% of adults. Seven out of 52 studies including 244 adults, we found the risk of a decreased GFR in 1% to 32% of participants. One study found an increased risk of glomerular dysfunction after concomitant treatment with aminoglycosides and vancomycin in CCS receiving total body irradiation (TBI). Four studies, which were not of interest, found ifosfamide, cisplatin, TBI and a higher risk of hypophosphata (high-dose) and ganciclovirubicin as risk factors. Two non-randomised studies showed an association of a longer follow-up (over a longer time period) with glomeular dysfunction. However, studies were contradictory and incompleteness (difficult to explain) and the way they were done was not as clear as we would like. This may be due to differences in how studies were done and how risk factors were assessed. We judged the quality of the evidence to be very low to moderate.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, multicentre, double blind, placebo controlled trials that assessed the effects of phytomedicines or Niprisan®in adults with sickle cell disease. We found two trials (182 adults) and we were able to combine data from two of these. The results of the first trial (n = 182) showed that phytamedicines may have a beneficial effect in the short-term (up to six months) in terms of the occurrence of severe pain crises and the level of anaemia over a six-month follow-up period. It did not seem to have an impact on the risk of death or the need for anaemia. The trial of Ciklavitit®cajan (ciclosporin cajan) did not show any evidence of benefit. We judged this trial to be at high risk of bias due to the way it was conducted and analysed. The evidence from the other trials we found was either low or very low- or very limited. This was due to problems with the way the trials were done and reported. We were not able to draw any conclusions about the long-term effects of either treatment due to these problems.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at early-stage HL. We found three RCTs (studies in which people are allocated at random to one of two or more treatment groups) involving 1999 adults with HL. All three studies were randomised to either receive PET or no PET. The PET scan used in two of the trials was a PET scan and PET scan only. In the third study, the PET scan was used in a more complex way. This meant that it was difficult to tell whether the PET scans used in the PET treatment were of high or low risk of bias. This means that we were not able to draw conclusions about whether PET was better or worse in terms of OS, response rate, TRM, QoL, or long- and short-term AEs in this study. The evidence from the three trials that we found was of very low or very low quality. This was due to problems with the way the trials were designed and run. We were unable to find any evidence that PET was any more or less good or worse than no PET in people with HL, and to date, we have not found any studies that looked at OS or TRM.
We searched for studies up to April 2014. We found 31 randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials that looked at the effects of progestin-only pills, injectables, a vaginal ring, or an implant. We did not find any new trials in 2014. Twenty-one of the trials looked at oral contraceptives (cochs). Of 34 comparisons, eight had any difference between the study groups in an outcome. Of eight trials of norethisterone, five compared COCs and one looked at an etonogestrel implant. Twelve of the 31 studies looked at pills, pills, and injectables. None looked at progestins. A meta-analysis of two of these trials showed the ring group had a higher mean fasting glucose response and insulin area under the curve (AUC) than the levonorgestrel group. Where data could not be pooled, single studies showed lower mean fasting blood glucose and higher mean AUC response and AUC. Three of eight of the studies examined the etonagestrel vaginal ring and one of eight looked at a vaginal implant. One of eight studies of the two types of implant showed the implant group had lower AUC insulin levels. Of the three types of ring, one showed that the ring had a greater AUC AUC (20.30 mmol/kg/m²) in the first half of the trial than the other two groups. The other trials did not have enough data to know whether the ring or the implant was better in the other way. We could not tell whether one method was any different from the other. We were not able to draw conclusions about the best way to use birth control pills for birth control. The evidence from this review is up to date as of March 2014.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to March 2016. We found 10 RCTs involving 579 adults with rheumatoid arthritis. These trials were randomised, which means that people in the treatment group and those in the 'placebo' group did not know whether they were in the RCT or the control group. We considered that seven of the 10 studies had a low risk of bias. High-quality evidence from nine trials (549 adults) showed that exercise reduced pain and physical function in the short-term (three to six months) and physical ability in the longer term (six months). Pain and physical health were improved by about 29 points on a 0- to 100-point scale (0 was no pain or loss of physical function) in the exercise group and by 7 points in the group that did not take part in the trial. Pain and quality of life were not improved by a lot. Only three trials (183 adults) looked at the long-term effect of exercise on physical function, with only low- to very low-quality data. There was an increased risk of people dropping out of the exercise groups compared with the control groups, but this did not seem to be a cause of harm. Of the five studies that looked at adverse events, each study reported only one or two events and all were related to increased pain due to the exercise programme. The quality of evidence from seven trials (715 adults) was judged to be high. This means that we are very confident in the results. However, the results may be vulnerable to bias as none of the trials were able to blind participants to the type of treatment they were taking part in and, in the case of one RCT, the way in which people were assigned to the treatment or not.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the effects of exercise therapy in adults with MS not suffering from MS. We found nine RCTs, with a total of 260 people with MS. Six of these studies looked at the effect of a type of exercise treatment called 'exercise therapy', and three trials looked at two types of exercise treatments that both met our criteria. The findings of the review suggest that exercise therapy can be helpful for patients with MS who are not experiencing an exacerbation. However, no evidence was found of deleterious effects of the treatment on tiredness and perception of handicap when compared to no exercise therapy. There was some evidence that people who took part in exercise therapy showed improvement in their ability to move, and in their quality of life. This was not found for those who did not take part. No data were found on the impact of the type of treatment, type of MS or the number of people who dropped out of the trials. This is an area that needs further study. This plain language summary is up to date as of June 2013.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared early laparoscopic cholecystopoietic surgery with late laparoscopic surgery. We found one RCT involving 75 adults (43 years; 65% of women: 65% were men) with gallbladder cancer. The average age of the participants was 43 years and 43 years (n = 35) and 75% were women. The trial was at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way the trial was run and conducted). There were no deaths in either group. There were complications in both groups. There was no bile duct (womb) injury in one group and there were no major adverse events in the other group. The evidence from the RCTs is up to date as of March 2015.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, long-term randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of antibiotics for orthognathic surgery. We found 11 RCTs that assessed the effects of antibiotics on SSI in adults. Seven of these studies were large enough to give us the main outcomes and we were able to pool their results. Overall, we found that long term antibiotic prophylaxis reduces the risk of SSI by 76% to 0.26% compared with short-term antibiotics. There is uncertainty about whether antibiotics are more or less likely to cause SSI when taken for a longer period of time (longer than three months). None of the trials assessed or reported data on other outcomes, and there was not information to show whether one type of antibiotic was better than the other. No reports described side-effects of the drugs in those trials that reported in this review. We judged the quality of the evidence for SSI to be moderate to low.
We searched for randomised, well-conducted randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at the benefits and harms of elective preterm birth for babies with gastroschisis. We found one RCT involving 40 women and 42 women. This trial did not have a high risk of bias. There were no differences in outcomes between the elective and routine caesarean section groups. There was a difference in gestational age at birth (35.8 weeks) between the two arms of the trial. This may have been due to the fact that elective surgery is associated with a higher risk of complications. None of our other preterm outcomes were reported in the study. We were not able to make any firm findings from this review. More RCTs are needed to find out if elective or non-elective surgery increases the chances of a healthy birth for the mother or her baby.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo-controlled trials of paracetamol in adults with WHO cancer. We found three studies in adults. All three studies were short-term (12 weeks) and were at high risk of bias. There was no high-quality data to support or refute the use of the drug alone or in combination with opioids for the first two steps of the three-step WHO cancer treatment. None of the studies reported any of our main outcomes: participants with pain of at least 50%, and at least 30%, from the first day of the treatment; those with pain no worse than mild at the end of the therapy; and those with symptoms of much improved or very much improved (or equivalent). What pain was measured there were very few data, and there were problems with the way the trials were done. We judged the quality of the data to be very low.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo controlled trials of antimuscarinics and other medicines used in Chinese medicine. We found 15 studies, 14 of which were in China and 14 in hospitals. The studies were of poor or very poor quality. All were of short term (12 weeks or less) and most were of low or very low quality. The evidence from the trials we found was of very low to very low use. The trials did not report many of the outcomes that we thought were of interest. Most of the data we found were on the size of the wet patch on the bed. The Chinese medicine suo quo wan showed benefit over doxepin and diphenhydramine, but the drugs that caused side effects were those that can cause side effects. Of the other drugs we found, oryzanol (rice bran oil) and orystanol (ice chips) showed no effect in terms of 'no change' and 'no improvement' in the length of time the medicine was in place. There was no evidence that propantheline (a muscaric medicine) or the Chinese herbal medicines suo wan (a root root) were any more or less likely to cause side effect than placebo. Adverse events were poorly documented.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effectiveness of treatments for people with MS. We found six RCTs, involving 195 adults with MS, who were followed up for at least 12 weeks. We pooled and analysed data from 5 trials (N=137) for both inspiratory and expiratory muscle training, and we were able to combine results for all but one outcome. We did not find any difference between the two groups for any of the other outcomes that we had planned. However, we did find that when we combined the results of three trials (n=137), we found that people who had a RCT with an RCT were more than twice as likely to be able to cope with the training than those who had no treatment. We were not able to tell whether or not this was due to the way the RCT was done, but we could tell from one of the trials that it might have been because it was done in a way that allowed people to know whether they were in the control group or the group that was not in the treatment group. We also looked at how well the treatments worked and if they had any side-effects. Again, we were unable to draw any conclusions. We could not tell whether the treatments helped the patients with MS to improve their quality of life. This review is up to date as of March 2017.
We searched for randomised trials that assessed the benefits and harms of any medicine used to treat intrauterine thrombocytopenia or ITP in the neonate. We found only one randomised trial that looked at one type of medicine called betamethasone. This trial involved 38 women (41 pregnancies) who were at high risk of ITP and was randomised to either a corticosteroid medicine (1.5 mg/day) or no medicine. This RCT did not find any difference in the number of neonates that died or had bleeding in the brains of the neonates. Maternal death, perinatal deaths, postpartum haemorrhage and neonatal bleeding were not studied by this RCT. This Cochrane Cochrane review does not provide information about other medicines that might help with ITP. This review calls for well-designed RCTs that are large enough to be sure that the medicine works.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of surgery to remove the cornea and cornea grafts. We found two RCTs, both of which were based in Iran. The smaller study had 12 months of follow-up data for all participants. For the larger study, four DALK surgery had to be stopped due to problems with the way the surgery was done. Follow-up length for the remaining 77 patients ranged from 6.8 to 36.4 months, with all 77 treated for at least three months post-suture removal. Only one eye of each patient was treated as part of the trials. Details of the RCT procedure were unavailable for the smaller study and so we were not able to analyse the data from this study to see if the results from this trial had any effect on the results of the review. Neither of the studies reported on any of the measures of post-graft quality of life, corneal astigmatism or the size of the graft. One case of graft failure in a penetrating keratoplasty was reported. The data, which related to all cases in each study, given that the four grafts that did not go ahead as planned had already failed, showed that rejection was less likely to occur in DALK. Therefore, even though the DALK group had a very wide 95% CI (i.e. 95% imprecise estimate) of failure, rejection was not more likely to have been caused by the surgery. No postoperative graft failures were reported in the DUCT group of either study. The evidence from the Javadi 2010 study was of very low quality. This means that we cannot be sure of the results.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at the benefits and harms of iron-deficiency anaemia in women. We searched for RCTs up to September 2016. We found 67 RCT studies, involving 8506 women, that looked at the effects of iron supplements on haemoglobin levels in the blood (blood in the urine). We found that iron was less likely to be anaemic in the short term (up to three months) in women who took iron compared to those who did not take iron. Iron was not more likely to cause side effects such as loose stools or diarrhoea in the iron group than in the control group. Iron did not seem to cause more side effects. We judged the quality of the evidence to be high for the outcomes of anaemia and side effects, and to be very low for the outcome of death. The quality of evidence for iron was very low to very low. This was mainly due to problems with the way the trials were done.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at the role of combination treatment in patients with advanced or metastatic colorectal cancer that has spread to the colon. We found five RCTs, with a total of 1,726 patients. The top-up search resulted in an additional trial, but the results of this trial have not been incorporated in this review. We were able to combine the results from one RCT that looked at the effects of the combination of irinotecan and fluoropyrimidine. There were no differences in all-cause death or in the length of time patients were alive when treated with combination treatment. Longer survival was observed in those treated with the combination arm, but this may have been driven by findings from one large, well-conducted RCT. Adverse events were more common in the combination group than in the control group, with diarrhoea and alopecia, and there was a higher risk of low white blood cell counts and neutropenia. However, there was no evidence that combination treatment was any more or less likely to cause side-effects such as cancer of the colon, heart or kidneys or lungs. In conclusion, combination treatment remains the only treatment that has been shown to be safe and effective in the treatment of advanced and metastatic colon cancer.
This review found that a transverse or oblique incision appears to be the best incision for relieving pain after lung surgery and has less risk of rupture (wound dehiscence or incisional hernia) and is less likely to rupture. The data on pain after surgery is less clear and should be interpreted with caution but some data from the transverse incision group showed less pain. There was no difference seen in other early or late post-operations and recovery times although the transoid incision may be cosmetically more acceptable. The analgesia use may be reduced with a transoid/oblique incusion but this does not seem to be important in the long term.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effectiveness of multidisciplinary LBP care in adults with subacute LBP. We found nine RCTs (981 adults) that met our inclusion criteria. Five of these RCT studies were from Europe and four from the USA. The mean age across trials ranged between 32.0 and 43.7 years. All studies were judged to have high risk of bias (i.e. there was a high chance of bias due to lack of blinding) and four of the nine studies suffered from at least one source of possible bias. Multidisciplinary care, compared with usual care, resulted in people with LBP who had less pain and less disability and were more likely to return to work and had less sick leave days at 12 months follow-up. However, we found no differences between the groups in terms of pain, functional disability, and time away from work. We looked for adverse events in both groups, but we did not find any studies that measured this. We judged the quality of the studies to be very low to moderate.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the effects of bisphosphonates in men with prostate cancer metastatic to bone. We found 18 RCTs reporting on 4843 men. Bisphosphons resulted in a pain response in 40 more men per 1000 (19 fewer to 114 more men) and a pain score of 1.15 (range 1.5 to 1.43) in the pain response group, but there was no clear difference in the percentage of men with pain response (3 trials; 876 men) or in the number of deaths (16 fewer to 21 more men). We found no difference in quality of life (outcomes that measure how well people were able to cope with their life and health) but we were not able to tell whether or not there were any differences in the risk of death or the need for surgery because of metastatic prostate cancer or cancer of the bones or the prostate (cancer of the bone in the joints, the prostate and the prostate, or both), or in how well men were being cared for (cancerous growths or tumours that have spread to the prostate or the bones around the body, cancerous growth or cancerous parts of the joints or the body or the spine or both) or how well they were taking their medicine (outcome measures that measure physical, mental, emotional and mental well-being). The quality of the evidence was low to very low for all of the outcomes, meaning that the true results may differ a lot from what this review shows.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at the benefits and harms of any form of stem cell transplantation. We searched for RCTs in adults (18 years of age or over) with either solid cancers or chronic myeloid leukaemia or cancer of the bone. We found five trials involving 1093 patients. Four of these studies were randomised, which means that the researchers involved in the trials did not know whether or not they were in the treatment group or the control group and this could have had an impact on how the trials were carried out. Overall, we judged the quality of the five trials to be moderate. All trials were reported as randomised and judged to be open-label (meaning that participants and their carers were not aware of the intervention). This means that results were imprecise and could have been due to bias. For OS, the HR had to be calculated for three trials from survival curves, for PFS for two of the trials. In the four trials in the control arm there were no differences between HDT + ASCT and the intervention arm in terms of TRM or solid cancers. Adverse events were reported more often in the HDT plus ASCT arm and in the subgroup of trials adding rituximab to both intervention arms (one trial) confirms these results. However, this effect was not found for OS. For PFS, the RRCTs were too different from each other to be able to tell whether the treatment led to an increase in OS or PFS. For adverse events, the risk of having to stop treatment due to adverse events was higher in the high-speed X-ray arm (PFS) than in the low-speed arm (OS). There were no data for any of the other three arms of the trial. In conclusion, we found moderate- to very low-certainty data for OS, PFS and TRM. This was due to imprecision.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at the effectiveness of WDD for schizophrenia. We found 15 RCTs, with 1437 participants, that met our criteria for inclusion in the review. There was a high risk of bias within the trials but overall, risk for bias was low or unclear. The trials showed that, when WDD was added to antipsychotic drugs, such as chlorpromazine or risperidone, there was no difference in the short-term (i.e. the length of time people remained in the treatment group) or the long-term state of the people in the trials. However, when we added WDD to an antipsychotics plus an anticonvulsant (psychotics such as clonidine or leflunomide), people were more likely to be in the control group and less likely to experience extrapyramidal effects (such as sleep loss or weight gain). When we looked at the effects of adding WDD with an add-on to an antipsychotic, we found that when we used the combination of an atypical (atypical) anti-psychotic drug with an WDD, we were more able to cope with the use of the medication and were less able to gain weight gain. We were not able to assess weight gain due to the lack of data. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. This was mainly due to problems with the way the trials were done and run.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to March 2017. We found three new RCTs (228 adults) in a search of the Cochrane Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's database, for which we were able to find three new studies. We have now included 12 studies with 799 adults. Five of the trials were at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a high chance of bias because of the way the RCT was conducted and conducted) and six were unclear (there was a lot of variation in how the studies were done). None of the studies looked at root resorption (worsening of the root of teeth) or root canal surgery. There was not enough information from the studies to know whether there is a difference in rate of alignment or pain between multistrand and superelastic NiTi arch wires. Adverse effects were not assessed in any of the comparisons. There is not enough high-quality research to know if there is any difference between the three types of wires used in these studies.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo controlled trials (RCTs) of cognitive-behavioural approaches in adults with dementia. We found just one RCT involving 306 people with dementia and an average age of 86 years. This RCT was carried out across 16 nursing homes in France. This study did not measure any of our primary or secondary outcomes but did measure behavioural change with three measurement scales: the Cohen-Mansfield Agitation Inventory (CMAI), the Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI) and the Observation Scale (OS; 25-item scale). For the CMAI, the findings show that for 29 out of 100 participants, 29 of the 29 people in the intervention group had an improvement in their cognition (measured on a seven-point scale) and mean scores for the following four domains: Physical Non-Aggressive Behaviour, such as pacing (13 items), Speech and Behaviour Behaviour (Physical Behavioural Behaviour), and Verbal Aggressive Behaviour. Four of the five five five domains of behavioural change were improved in the control group (5.69 points, 95% confidence interval (CI) −9.59 to −1.79). There was no change in change scores on the Physical Aggressive Scale (Physically Aggressive). There were no changes in NPI or OS change scores between groups by the end of the study. We judged the quality of this study to be very low due to high risk of bias and indirectness of the way it was done. The evidence means that uncertainty remains around the effectiveness of de-escalation and the effect of the use of different approaches. High-quality research on the effects of this intervention is urgently needed. We also found one ongoing study.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effectiveness of any intervention for people with IAD. We found 13 RCTs involving 1316 adults. Eleven trials had a small sample size and short periods of follow-up. Participants were incontinent for urine, stool, or both, and were either in a nursing home or in hospital. Skin care products were compared with soap and water, no skin care, or a structured skin care procedure. The overall risk of bias in the trials was high. The trials were not large enough in terms of sample size or length of treatment to be sure that the treatments were safe. The evidence from the trials we found were of very low to very low quality. There were problems with the design of some of the trials, and with the way they were done. For instance, we found that skin care products that were applied were not as safe as skin care dressers that were not applied. This means that we were not able to draw conclusions about the effects of skin care treatments on IAD in adults.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the benefits and harms of antiviral drugs in adults with IM. We found seven RCTs with 333 adults. Three of the trials were in hospitalised patients, the other three were in an outpatient setting. The ages of the people in the trials ranged from two years to adults. The antiviral medications used were acyclovir, valomaciclovir, or valacyclavir. Follow-up varied from 20 days to six months. The evidence from the trials we found was of very low quality. This means that the results may not be of very much relevance to people with IM and may be due to the way the studies were done. There was a very low risk of bias for all outcomes and so the results should be judged with caution. There were very few studies that looked at adverse events and side effects of the drugs. These did not find any differences between the antiviral treatment and the placebo (pretend) group. We were not able to combine the results of the RCT because of the very low- or low-quality of the evidence.
This review looked at four studies involving 2250 participants to see if insulin or glargine was the better way to treat high blood glucose levels. Insulin was given once-daily in the evening with the option of an extra dose in the morning in three of the trials and twice-a-day in one trial. The trials were of short-term duration (24 to 52 weeks) and the trials were at high risk of bias, which means that their results may not be applicable to all people with high blood sugar levels who are not included in the review. Insulins were compared with glargines twice-daily and the length of the studies was too short to tell whether one insulin treatment was better than the other. There was no information on long-term health. Glargine is a long-acting insulin that is often used for the treatment of high blood sugars. It has been used for many years and has been shown to be very good at controlling high blood fat levels. However, it is not known whether it is as good at as insulin and so we have not been able to find out whether it works as well as other types of glucocorticoids or glucosporins. This Cochrane Cochrane plain text summary is up to date as of June 2013.
In this review we assessed the effects of SNS for fibroids. We found six trials that assessed the impact of SNG on the occurrence of faecal incontinence. We were able to combine data from two of these trials, one of which compared SNS with SNS and the other with a 'wait and see' control group. In the first, we found that in the SNS group, the risk of having a episode of urine leakage was about one-seventh that of the control group who did not have SNS. However, we were not able to tell whether this was due to the way the trial was carried out or the fact that the participants knew what group they were in. This may have had a role in the decision whether or not to take part in the trial. We also thought it was important to find out if there were any side effects from SNS, such as pain at implant site (6%), cancer of the anus (2%) or excessive tingling (9%) in the vagina (9%). In the parallel group of the other trial, the number of episodes of urine leak during a percutaneous tibial nerve stimulation test (PTNS) was about the same in both groups. This means that in that group, we can be fairly sure that SNS did not cause any more or less harm. The other trial did not report any side effect. In this case, we cannot be sure if it was just chance or not. We could not tell whether SNS caused more harm.
This review aimed to find out whether molar tubes were better or worse in terms of first time failure or first time decay. Two randomised, well-designed and low risk of bias trials were included in the review and both presented data on first time failed at the tooth-level. Pooling of the data showed a very large, but not large, difference in favour of molars. One of the trials also looked at first time loss of teeth at the patient level and found a very small, but consistent, difference between molars and tubes. However, given there were limited data for this outcome, we were not able to draw any firm conclusions. No other adverse events were found.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of EUS in adults with early gastric cancer. We included RCTs in any language that compared EUS with no EUS. We searched for studies up to 12 March 2016. We found 66 RCT articles that were suitable for this review. We analysed data on 7747 adults with stomachric cancer who were treated with EUS compared with patients who were not able to undergo EUS (gastric carcinoma stage II or III). We found that EUS is a good test for early (stage 1) and late stage (stage 4 or 5) gastric cancers. However, it is not as good as either T1a or T2 gastric carcinomas. It is not clear how it compares with other tests that have been used in the same way (e.g. X-ray (x-ray)) to tell us whether or not a tumour has spread to the tumour or not. EUS can also be used to diagnose tumour stage 1 or 2 (stage 2 or 3) and it is unclear how it differs from other tests used in gastric surgery. The evidence in this review is up to date as of June 2016.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of laparoscopic cholecystectomy for gallstones. We found six RCTs involving 492 adults who had either day-case laparopoietic surgery (n = 239) or overnight stay laparoscopicopicostomy surgery. The mean age of participants ranged from 40 to 47 years. The number of adults in each trial ranged from 28 to 150. Long-term deaths was not reported in any of the trials. There was no evidence that day-surgery was any better or worse in terms of short-term death or quality of life. However, there was some evidence that there was no difference between the two groups in pain, the time to return to activity or return to work. No difference was seen in the rate of failed discharge or in the percentage of people who were readmitted to the hospital. For all outcomes, except pain, we found no differences between the groups.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of capsaicin in adults with painful HIV-neuropathy. We found eight RCTs, involving 2488 adults, with two more studies and 415 more people than we found in the first version of this Cochrane Cochrane review. These studies were of good quality; we judged only one study at high risk of bias, due to small size. Two studies used a 'placebo' (fake medicine) control and six used 0.04% of the capaicin patch as an 'active' placebo to keep it blind. The evidence is up to date as of March 2017. Capsaicin was better at both 8 and 12 weeks and about 10% more of those treated were much or very much better than those who were treated with placebo. Pain was about the same in both groups, with an NNT of 8.8 (range 5.3 to 26) at 8 weeks and 7.0 (range 4.6 to 15) at 12 weeks. The NNT values ranged from 10 to 12 (2 to 4) and from 5.71 to 1272 (very low to very low). Pain was the same for both groups. One RCT reported the percentage of people who were much better at 8 or 12 weeks (27% with high-concentration capsaicine and 10% with placebo). We found one RCT that had very few events. We judged this study to have very low or very low quality. For pain, we found four studies (1272 adults) and we found one small RCT (46 adults) that did not have enough information to be sure that it was of high or very good quality. There was very low- to moderate-to-low- to low-certainty data for most of the outcomes we looked at. This was mainly due to the small number of people in the trials and the fact that there were some problems with the way the trials were done.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind trials of carotid artery surgery. We found three trials involving 6343 adults who had had a stroke in the last 10 years. These three randomised trials compared surgery with no surgery and surgery with surgery. Two of the three trials reported the risk of ischaemic stroke, which is a type of stroke in which blood is pumped through the artery and into the brain. The third trial looked at the risks of having another stroke. All three of the trials had a high risk of bias. There were no differences between the trials in any of the main outcomes in either of the treatment groups, or in the effects of surgery. Surgery increased the five-year risk of the stroke in people with less than 30% stenosis and did not decrease the risk in those with 50% to 69% stenoid stenosis. Endarterectomy (surgery to part of the artery) was of some benefit for those with stenosis, and for those without stenosis (high-quality evidence). However, there was no difference between the groups in terms of benefit in participants with near-occlusion. There was no information on the effect of surgery on the number of deaths or on the amount of blood loss from the artery after surgery. The quality of the studies was high for the main results, but low to very low for the other outcomes.
We searched for randomized and non-randomized trials that assessed the effects of any type of surgery on the occurrence of herniation of the stoma. We found only one randomized controlled trial that met our inclusion criteria. This study, which compared the use of a stoma with a colostomy, found no evidence that one surgery was better than the other. We did not find evidence that any of the treatments were better than each other in terms of parastomal hernation or death from any cause. We were not able to draw conclusions about quality of life due to the lack of data. None of the studies measured other types of surgery or the number of deaths due to their use. Overall, there is still a lack of high-evidence to support the best way to prevent hernations.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at the benefits of any type of psychosocial or psychotherapy for adults with schizophrenia. We found 24 RCTs, with 2126 participants, that looked at the effectiveness of any form of psychotherapy. We did not find any evidence that it was any more or less effective than usual care. We also found no evidence that there were any differences in outcomes that we thought were of interest, such as the rate of relapse, leaving the study early and quality of life. However, there were some small studies where we judged the quality of the evidence to be very low. This was due to problems with the way the trials were done and run. We think it is important for people with mental health problems to know that there are other types of treatments that can be used and that they can choose which one they prefer. There is a need for good quality, well-conducted studies that are large enough to be sure that the effects of the treatments are the same whether they are supportive or not.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials of NSAIDs in adults (≥ 16 years of age) with pain that lasted at least one week. We found 11 randomised trials, all of which were at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a high chance that the people taking part knew whether they were in the treatment group or the 'placebo' group, and this could have had an influence on the results). Most of the trials lasted one week or longer, and most were small, with about 949 adults in total. Most were very short-term (no more than one week), and none were large enough to be sure whether or not they were of high- or very-good quality. None of the people in the trials had at least 50% of their pain reduced to no worse than mild pain after one or two weeks, and none had very much of the same pain. With NSAIDs, we found very few data. None showed that NSAIDs were any more or less likely to cause harm than other NSAIDs. There were more deaths with NSAIDs than with other drugs, but these were not clearly related to any pain. We judged results for all outcomes as very low-quality evidence.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo controlled trials of tinzaparin in adults (≥ 16 years of age) with pain that went from very painful to no worse than mild pain on the first day after taking the medicine and up to very less painful after four weeks. We also wrote to the researchers to find other studies. We found two randomised trials with 287 participants. One of these, with 253 participants, reported that pain was less painful in people who were treated with tiniaparin than in those who were given a fake medicine (placebo). This trial did not have a high risk of bias. The other, with 34 adults, had a very small number of patients and did not use a placebo. This study did not report on pain at all, so we do not know if people in the real world were more likely to have pain that was less than or more than that in this group. This trial also did not look at whether people were more or less satisfied with the medicine or the fake medicine. This review found no good-quality, well-conducted, large-scale randomised studies that looked at the effects of any one medicine over a long period of time (i.e. longer than four weeks). The evidence from this study is very limited and we cannot recommend that any more than one medicine should be used.
We did not find any well-conducted randomised trials that looked at the use of anticoagulants or drugs to treat extracranial carotid artery dissection. There were also no randomised randomised studies that compared antiplatelets with antiplatelet drugs and the reported non-randomised studies did not show any evidence of a difference between the treatments.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of treatments for burns. We found 26 RCTs (2066 patients) that looked at the use of different types of dressers and dressers. We grouped results according to wound type, and silver preparation. We also looked at whether the dressers were used as dressers on the first day after surgery (known as wound closure) and if they were used for longer (called wound closure). We found that skin dressers with silver nitrate or silver sulphadiazine dressing were more likely to have infection rates than dressing with non-silver dressing. Burns Thirteen of the 26 trials looked at one type of wound - the inside of the wound - and found no evidence of a difference between them. Other wounds Six of the trials compared a silver-and-coated gauze with a non-metal dresser. One showed that when dressed with a silver dresser containing dressers, infection rates were about half that of those not dressed with dressers; the other five found no difference. One of the other six studies looked at other types of wounds. One study showed that in a variety of wounds, dressers that were not made of dressing appeared to have less chance of infection than dressers made of gauze. Most comparisons (seven) found no differences in infection rates. One trial in a wide range of wounds showed that dressing that was made of silver had less risk of infections than dressings that were made of non-gold.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of antibiotics for the treatment of adults with VAP. We found 12 RCTs with 3571 adults. All but one of the trials had sources of funding or manufacturers of the drugs that were assessed in the trials. Antibiotics included imipenem-cilastatin and tigecycline. All trials had some risk of bias. There was no difference in all-cause deaths, length of stay in the ICU, and length of ICU stay for people treated with combination or monotherapy. However, there was an increase in the proportion of adults who were cured of VAP with combination therapy. We judged this evidence to be of very low quality. For our other outcomes, we found very low-quality evidence that there was no evidence of a clinical cure for any of the treatments. This was mainly due to the lack of good-quality, well-conducted studies.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo controlled trials (RCTs) of policies that aimed to reduce third-group drug use or use of drugs. We found 29 RCTs that looked at the impact of policies on drug use and use. These were most often aged over 65 or who were middle-aged or elderly. People who were treated with drugs were more than twice as likely to drop out of treatment as those who were not treated. This was the case even if the drug was the same class of drug. The review found that policies that focused on drugs that suppress gastric acid suppressant or non-steroidal, or both, led to large reductions in third-hand drug use, use and costs. There was no clear effect on the use of other health services or on health care. Relief of drug costs was not clearly addressed in any of the studies.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared any form of one-to-one OHA with no OHA or routine OHA. We included 19 RCTs in the review with a total of 4232 adults who were followed up for at least 12 months. The evidence is up to date as of March 2016. Four of the 19 studies reported the outcome of gingivitis, plaque or dental caries. Two of these looked at the effects of OHA on plaque and found that OHA reduced plaque at all time points (very low- and low- or very low-quality evidence). The same number of people in the OHA group had plaque at one year. There was no clear evidence that any of the interventions led to a change in the rate of plaque or plaque at any time point. None of the studies looked at gingvitis or plaque. There were no studies that looked at how OHA was done and how it compared with professional OHA (e.g. dentists, hygienists, dentists). There was some evidence that some forms of self-managed OHA, such as that using a self-management tool, may be more effective than OHA that is not personalised and may lead to a more favourable OHA outcome. However, there was no information to show whether or not any of these were any more or less effective than routine or 'rhabdomyosarcoma', or whether they had any side-effects. We judged the quality of the evidence to be very low to very low. This was due to problems with the way the studies were done and the way they were done.
We searched for randomised, double blind, placebo-controlled trials that looked at the short-term benefits of any type of corticosteroid in adults (aged 18 years and over) with sprains or sprains of the shoulder. We found five randomised trials. Two trials (30 and 49 participants) of oral steroids or placebo; one trial (40 people) of steroid injections or no treatment; one study (28 adults) of steroids given by mouth or through a nasogastric or epidurals; and one small (32 people) trial (32 patients) of the use of steroids under anaesthesia. None of the trials used the same oral steroids in the same dose or with the same dosage of steroids. Trials were of variable quality (only one of high quality) and some were poorly reported. We were unable to combine data from one trial as no data could be obtained from one placebo-control trial and three trials used different treatments. One trial (28 people) found that people who were treated with steroids were more likely to have their pain improved by 2.7 points on a scale of 0 to 10 points. This improvement was not maintained at six weeks. A third study (32 adults) reported that oral steroids provided a more rapid improvement in pain and range of movement but it was not possible to tell whether they were maintained after five months. A fourth trial (31 adults) found no differences between oral steroids and placebo in pain or range of movements but this may have been due to the fact that the steroids were not used as often as they should have been. There were very few side effects reported. There is a need for larger, well-conducted trials to look at the long-term effects of steroids for shoulder sprains and to see if they are safe and effective.
This review aimed to find out if rTMS is safe and effective in the treatment of ALS. However, the trials were of poor quality and were insufficiently homogeneous to allow the pooling of results. Moreover, the high rate of attrition (loss of participants) and high risk of bias (patients dropped out of the trials due to lack of interest in the results) made it more likely that the conclusions made in this review would be made on the basis of randomised trials with a placebo (pretend) control group. Therefore, we included three randomised, placebo-controlled studies with a total of 50 participants in the review. All three of the three trials (50 participants) were of low or very low quality. None of the studies gave us the information on ALS Functional Rating Scale-Revised (ALSFRS-R) scores at six months follow-up which was pre-assigned as our main outcome. No difference was seen in any of the two groups of people with ALS who were assessed in these three trials. Additionally, no one in the trials reported any adverse events that might have been caused by the use ofrTMS. This is an area that requires further research.
We searched for randomised trials that assessed the benefits and harms of corticosteroids for rheumatoid arthritis. We found 10 randomised studies with a total of 1049 participants. All trials had a high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of favouritism by the investigators or researchers). We found that corticostimulants (prednisone or azathioprine plus prednisone) given with other drugs (pivnisone, prednisolone plus placebo or another drug) were no more or less likely to improve disease control at one month (0.3 mg/kg: RR 18.78, 95% CI 1.20 to 293.70). There was no evidence that any of these drugs had an effect on the length of time patients were treated with corticosone or other drugs, or on quality of life. None of the trials looked at adverse events. We did not find any data on long-term side effects. There is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for randomised trials that assessed the effects of herbal medicines on the symptoms of IBS. We found 65 randomised studies, with 7957 people with IBS, that tested 51 herbal medicines. Herbal medicines were tested in the trials, in which herbal medicines were compared with a fake medicine (placebo) or with no herbal medicine. Herbs were used in about 40% of the trials. Some herbal medicines may be helpful in the short-term (i.e. for up to three weeks) and long-term, and some herbal medicines have been shown to be useful in the longer term. However, the quality of trials evaluating herbal medicines was generally low. This was mainly due to problems with the way the trials were run and run, and the fact that in some of the studies, the people taking part did not know whether they were in the herbal medicine group or the sham medicine group. In nine trials that looked at herbal medicine combined with conventional medicine, the herbal medicines showed some benefit from the use of the medicine, and in nine of the included herbal medicines did not seem to be any more or less helpful than the medicine alone. No serious side effects from the herbs were found, and no serious side effect from any of the herbs. The trials did not have a high risk of bias, but the way they were done was not as good as we would like.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo controlled trials of pericoital use of LNG or other hormonal drugs in women with infrequent sex. We found 22 randomised trials involving 12,400 women. The trials were done in Europe, Asia, and the USA. The drug and dose of the LNG tested was levonorgestrel (LNG) 0.75 mg (11 studies), LNG in doses other than 0. 75 mg (4 trials), and hormones other than LNG. The evidence is up to date as of March 2017. The LNG method did not seem to be as good as other methods. Menstrual problems were the most common side effects. However, the studies did not find any evidence of a difference in how well the pills were taken and how well they worked. Most of the trials were old and had problems with their methods. The findings of the review are not strong. Rigorous research is still needed. If the method is shown to be efficacious, safe and acceptable, the results may be changed.
This is an update of the Cochrane Cochrane Oral Health Group's Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's review published in 2012. The search was updated in March 2015. We searched for new studies in April 2016 and found 14 new studies, for a total of 15 studies with 561 participants. The age range of patients was very wide, with 12 to 54 years. Eight of the studies were carried out in the USA, the UK, Europe, the USA and the USA. The length of surgery ranged from a few weeks to three years. Ten studies with 407 randomised and 390 patients compared surgery with conventional surgery for the outcome of mesiodistal movement of upper first molar teeth. There was strong evidence that surgery was more likely to result in improvements in the movement of the teeth. However, this result should be interpreted with some caution, as there was a substantial amount of heterogeneity for this outcome. There were no differences in how long surgery took, how long it took and how well it worked, and whether it was safe. None of the trials looked at harms. When we looked at whether any one type of surgery was better than any other, we found no evidence to suggest that any one technique was any more or less safe than the other. This is because there were problems with the way some of the research was done.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of statins in adults with CKD who were not yet on haemodialysis. We found 47 RCTs (39,820 adults) that compared statins with placebo or no treatment. We were able to combine results from 38 RCT studies (37,274 adults). The risk of bias in the studies was high. We included 50 RCT participants of all ages and all types of CKD. Most of the trials were funded by the drug manufacturer. Compared with a control group that did not have a statin, statins were found to reduce the risk of major and all-cause deaths, heart disease, and death from any cause. Statins were not found to be more or less likely to cause side effects such as low blood counts, high blood potassium, or cancer. Statin drugs were not shown to cause serious side-effects such as heart attack or stroke. We could not tell whether or not statin drugs had an impact on the number of deaths due to diseases of the heart or the lungs or the heart. We did not find evidence that statins had an effect on progression of chronic CKD or mortality from all causes. We are uncertain about side effects from statin treatment due to lack of information.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed pain in adults with cerebral palsy. We found nine RCTs involving 379 adults with CP. Five of the trials looked at intrathecal baclofen (ITB) and two looked at botulinum toxin A (BoNT-A). All of the OI trials evaluated the use of bisphosphonates (two alendronates and one pamidronate). No trials were found that looked at analgesics. For pain in CP, we found that pain was a secondary outcome in five of the eight studies. For the two ITB studies for pain, in the same study population but assessed at different time points in their disease, both found an effect on pain favouring the treatment group. In these studies most of the adverse events were related to the procedure. We judged the quality of the studies to be mixed.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at the effects of latrepirdine in adults with Alzheimer’s dementia. We found seven RCTs involving 1697 adults. Three trials involving 1243 adults were included in analyses of efficacy outcomes, and four trials with 1034 adults were found in the meta-analysis. Due to imprecision in the studies, we were not able to determine whether lat repirdine had any effect on cognition (cognition) or cognitive function. However, there was some evidence from the high quality of the evidence for a very low risk of side effects (adverse events and dropouts due to side effects) and a moderate quality of evidence for high risk of serious side effects. We judged five trials to be of low or very low quality due to bias in the way they were carried out and three trials to high or unclear risk of bias due to high numbers of people dropping out of the trials.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared RIC with no RIC in adults with ischaemic stroke. We found seven RCTs, with a total of 735 people. We analysed the effects of RIC on the risk of stroke and death in people with symptomatic intracerebral artery stenosis. We included three trials (involving 371 people) in our meta-analysement of the benefits and harms. The risk of bias in RIC was high in six of the studies and unclear in three studies; high in four studies and low in four trials; and high for other sources of bias (i.e. bias due to bias or imprecision) in six trials and low for RIC). We found that RIC did not seem to have a beneficial effect on preventing stroke or death in the short-term or long-term. There were more adverse events (adverse events) in the RIC group but no severe adverse events in the non-RIC group. In people with carotid stenosis who had a stent, there was no difference between RIC and non-RIC in terms of stroke, death or death due to any cause; however, there were fewer strokes in people treated with RIC; and there were no deaths in people who received RIC compared with people who did not receive RIC. There was no information on the effect on the need for blood transfusions. We judged the quality of the trials to be of low or very low quality.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the benefits and harms of protein supplements for preterm preterm infants. We found six RCTs, involving 204 preterm babies. Low- or very low-quality evidence showed that human milk, fed to preterm neonates, increased short-term growth, weight, length, and head growth. There was no evidence of a clear difference in rate of growth of skin seal thickness (skin grafts) between the supplemented and unsupplemented groups. We did not find any data about the effects of human milk supplementation on long-term weight, body mass index, body fat, body weight, brain growth, and brain development. Very low- or low-certainty evidence did not show that protein supplements led to longer stay in hospital, and higher levels of protein in the urine (called blood urea) compared to those who did not drink the milk. No data were available about the effect of the extra human milk on the risk of feeding intolerance or necrotising enterocolitis (infection) or development of brain growth retardation. Evidence was of very low or low certainty. This was due to the small sample sizes, and the very low quality of the evidence.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and non-RCT trials (ITS) that looked at the effectiveness of PEMs in professional care. We found 45 RCTs and 31 ITS studies. Almost all the studies (44/45) compared the use of PPEMs to no intervention. The findings of this review suggest that, when used alone and compared to no treatment, PEMSs may have a beneficial effect on professional care outcomes. There is not enough information to know whether or not the observed effect sizes are real and whether they are real or not.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at the effectiveness of STIs in the prevention of cervical cancer. We found 23 RCTs, most of which were in the USA and in health-care clinics (e.g. the USA). The studies were heterogeneous in their duration, contact time, provider, behavioural aims and outcomes. The main focus of the trials was on HIV and chlamydia. None of the studies specifically looked at HPV or cervical cancer prevention. There were few differences between STIs and controls in terms of risk of HIV/chlamydia, risk of HPV infection and the rate of the cancer getting worse. However, there were more changes in behaviour and in condom use. These changes may have been due to changes in the way STIs were carried out and the way the STI was delivered. This means that it is hard to be sure of the real effects of STI programmes. There is a need for good quality, well-conducted studies in this area.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at the effectiveness of brief psychoeducation in the short and medium term. We included 20 RCTs with a total of 2337 participants in this review. Nineteen of these studies looked at the effects of brief psychosocial education compared with routine care or routine care. One RCT looked at brief psychoeducation in the medium term and found that it was as good as routine care, but not as good in the long term. It did not seem to cause people any more or less harm. There was no difference in quality of life, nor in the death rate, in either group. There were improvements in the mental health of those who received brief psychoinformation compared with those who did not, but this did not appear to have an impact on their ability to take their medication or their satisfaction with treatment. People who received a brief psychotherapy course showed improvements in their mental health and mental state in both short term and long term, but the evidence was of low to very low quality. This was due to problems with the way the RCT was run and run, and the fact that people knew whether they were in the brief or usual care group or the control group.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, placebo controlled trials (RCTs) of LAMA+LABA in adults with COPD. We found 11 RCTs, with a total of 9839 participants. One RCT with 37% of the people in the LAMA group had a high risk of bias. All but one of the trials were sponsored by drug companies, thus we judged them to be at risk of 'bias'. Follow-up ranged from six weeks to 52 weeks. Compared with LABA+ICS, LAMA has fewer flare-ups (‘exacerbations’) and serious side effects. The results for the main outcomes of lung function, all-cause death, and St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) were similar between the LABA and LABA arm were as follows. For the treatment of COPD, we found that LAMA +LABA has a lower risk of a flare-up, and more frequent improvement in quality of life. These data were supported by low or very low- or moderate-quality data, as most of the data were from studies that had a short follow-up period of less than one year. Our evidence is up to date as of March 2017.
We searched for studies up to May 2017. We found three RCTs with 91 children aged 6 months to 4 years. All three studies were from the USA and the UK. We added no new studies for this update. The studies were funded by grants from the National Institute of Health, the US Food and Drug Administration, and the US Children's Health Service. The mean croup score at 20 minutes and mean heart rate did not change in the 20-minute follow-up. There may have been problems with the way the RCT was done. One of the trials (15 children with mild croup) found that the use of heliox compared with inhaled oxygen for 20 hours did not show any difference in the severity of croup scores at 20 hours, but there may not have been any difference between groups at 120 hours. Children treated with heliox may have had a lower mean Taussig croup severity at 60 hours but not at 120 minutes. We judged this to be of low quality. In one study, 47 children with moderate croup received one dose of oral dexamethasone (0.3 mg/kg) with either heliox for 60 hours or no treatment. All children were discharged from hospital, but we did not find any information on the need for intubation or re-presenting to care. Heliox may improve croup and mean haemorrhage scores at 60 and 120 hours but we found no information on whether it changed at 12 and 24 hours. We rated this as low or very low-quality.
Eight studies set in primary (four), secondary (one) and tertiary care (accident and emergency = three) were found that looked at the use of red flags to screen for vertebral fracture in adults with low-back pain. However, most of the results were imprecise and the findings give rise to a weak recommendation that a combination of a small subgroup of a red flag may be useful in this case. The findings of the review should be viewed with caution bearing in mind that many red flags have been used in the wrong way and have been shown to be unreliable.
Two randomised trials were found. One of these looked at urethral dilatation and urethroplasty in 210 men with prostate cancer. The other looked at the outcomes of urethrotomy and surgery in 50 men with traumatic urethra of the prostate after pelvic fracture. This study found that men were more likely to need further surgery in the first six months after surgery (six months) in men who had had surgery for stricture. After two years, 16 of 25 (64%) men had to have more surgery for further surgery, compared with 6 of 25 men (24%) men treated by the first treatment. There were not enough men in this study to be sure which treatment was best. There were no data to know which type of surgery was best in terms of effectiveness, side effects and costs. Well designed, large, well-conducted, multicentre trials are needed to find out which treatment is best for men with men with urrethral strictures.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo controlled trials of inhaled corticostimulants in children and adults with asthma. We found six trials involving 1211 participants. The four paediatric trials (two with preschool children and two with school-aged children) and the four adult trials (three with adults) were of high risk of bias. There were no differences in the risk of exacerbations (flare-ups) between the treatment groups. There was no difference in the number of patients with one or more flare-ups (‘exacerbations’) with the use of intermittent ICS. The change in peak expiratory flow rate (i.e. the rate at the top of the lung that carries the airway in and out of the lungs) was slightly greater in the ICS group (2.56% versus 2.56%). However, this improvement was not found in the group that did not receive ICS (the 'average' ICS dose). There was a greater increase in exhaled nitric oxide of 16.80 parts per billion (95% CI 11.95 to 21.64). There were also more episodes of symptom-free days (no symptoms) with ICS use (9% versus 9%), more use of rescue β2-agonist drugs (0.12 puffs/day) and a greater improvement from the start of the treatment (15% to 21%). There was little or no difference between the two groups in terms of quality of life, adverse events (harms) to the same extent, the need for a course of corticosteroids or the use or withdrawals from the trial. In paediatric patients, the growth of the ICPs (budesonide and beclomethasone) showed greater growth by 0.41 cm compared to daily ICS treatment. In adults, there was no evidence of a change in the amount of airway airway open for the course of ICS used, how often and for how long. There is a lack of high-certainty, well-conducted studies to assess the effects of the different ICS regimens.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the benefits and harms of any type of dietary intervention for people with CKD. We found 17 RCTs involving 1639 participants. Three of the trials ( 341 people) were large, four studies ( 168 people) looked at dietary advice to help us change our lifestyle, and 10 studies (1130 people) assessed the effects of dietary advice on CKD stages 1 to 5. We did not find any studies that looked at all-cause death or endocardial infarction. Some studies looked at changes in dietary habits that may help us to change our lifestyles, such as a low-iron, polyphenol or high protein/low carbohydrate diet. Some of the diets we looked at also had changes in terms of how well we ate and how much we drank, which may have helped us to feel more healthy. We also looked at how satisfied we were with the advice we received and if we were able to eat and drink the food we were asked to eat, drink and eat well. Most of the evidence was of very low or very low quality. This means that we are very uncertain about the effect of the diet on death from any cause or heart disease or on any cause. One person in every 3000 treated for one year avoiding ESKD may avoid one year, but the reliability of this finding is very low. This finding was based on very low to very low- or very-low-certainty evidence. We were not able to tell whether dietary advice helped us change the way we eat or drink CKD diets or whether it had any side effects.
We searched for randomised, well-conducted studies that assessed the benefits and harms of inhaled or mist therapy for children with bronchiolitis. We found only one study that met our inclusion criteria. This study found that nebulised salbutamol was more efficacious than mist therapy in the short term (up to 24 months), but it did not show a difference between the treatment and mist in a tent. The study did not report on the long-term effects of the treatment. We conclude that there is not enough evidence to guide the use of these treatments.
We searched for randomised trials that assessed the benefits and harms of statins in people with Alzheimer's disease. We found four randomised studies with 1154 adults with a mean age of 50 to 90 years. All participants had a diagnosis of AD and most were on a cholinesterase inhibitor. The evidence is up to date as of March 2016. We did not find any studies that looked at the role of statin drugs in the treatment of Alzheimer's diseases. There was some low- to very low-to-very low-risk of bias for all four studies. The main outcome in all four of the trials was change in Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale-Cog from baseline. When we pooled data, there was no benefit from statins when we pooled the data. There were no differences between the statin and placebo groups in any of the measures of AD or MMSE. Three of the four trials reported side-effects of the drugs. There is a need for high-quality research in this area.
This Cochrane Cochrane Review summarises evidence from four trials that have assessed the effect of night splinting in people with Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A or II. There is no evidence that night spints help improve the range of motion of the ankles in either child or adult. There may be some improvement in strength and function in the night spinting group, but there was no difference in ankle range of movement between groups. One study assessed the efficacy of prednisone treatment in 103 boys with Duchenne muscular dystrophy. There was no clear evidence that increasing the dose to 1.5 mg/kg/day had any significant effect on the length of time the ankle could be closed after surgery. By 24 months, many boys in the surgery group had a relapse of achilles tendon contractures.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, well-conducted randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of any type of birth or labour position on the first stage of labour. We found 25 RCTs involving 5218 women. For the main outcomes of interest, we found that upright (across the back) and recumbent (lying on your back) positions were no more or less likely to have a caesarean section or epidural. Babies of the mothers who were upright were less than half as likely to be admitted to the neonatal ICU, however this was based on one trial. There were no differences between groups for other outcomes, such as duration of the second stage of birth and the need for epidural, and this did not seem to have any important effects on the well being of the women and their babies. We recommend that women in low-risk labour should be made aware of the benefits of upright positions, and encouraged and assisted to assume whatever positions they choose.
We searched for randomised trials that assessed the benefits and harms of any treatment for TOS of any type. We found three studies, but only two of them had a high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at the wrong conclusions because of the way the trial was conducted) and had to rely on the diagnosis of TOS by the researchers in the study. The first study involved 55 adults with TOS and compared transaxillary first rib resection (TFRR) with supraclavoidal neuroplasty of the brachial plexus (SNBP). TFRR decreased pain more than SNBP and there were no side effects in either group. The second study compared a botulinum toxin (BTX) injection with a saline (fake) injection. There was no significant effect of treatment with the BTX injection over placebo in terms of pain relief or improvements in disability, but it did improve paresthesias at six months' follow-up. There were no adverse events in this trial. The third study, which did not have a sufficient sample size to determine whether or not there were any differences between the groups, compared with saline, did find that the TOS patients in this study had improved more than those in the saline group. This study did not find any side-effects in this group. There is a need for well-conducted, well-designed, large randomised controlled trials to assess the role of treatments in the first step in the treatment of people suffering from TOS.
Twenty-one randomised trials involving 884 people were included in the review. A hand brace appeared to be the most promising treatment for people with carpal patellar pain. In an analysis of pooled data from two trials (63 adults) the use of a hand brace for four weeks did not show any benefit. In four trials ( 193 adults) a steroid medicine (steroids, diuretics or nonsteroids) did not demonstrate benefit. However one trial showed improvement after four weeks and this improvement was maintained at six months. Four trials (193 adults) looked at oral medications. In one trial (51 adults) yoga reduced pain after eight weeks compared with wrist splinting. In two of these trials (50 adults) vitamin B6 did not seem to be helpful. In the fourth trial (43 adults) there was no evidence of benefit. One trial (21 adults) found that a corticosteroid medicine (prednisolone) may be helpful compared with no corticostimulants. There were no trials that looked at the effect of corticosone on symptoms or quality of life.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that investigated the use of corticosteroids in the treatment of CRVO-ME. We found two RCTs that enrolled a total of 708 participants. One RCT, which compared IVS with observation, found that IVS had a high risk of bias. The other trial, which studied the effects of IVS in 165 participants, did not find evidence that it was effective. However, IVS caused more eyes to lose more vision (about 15 letters) in the IVS group compared with observation alone. The evidence from this trial was of very low quality. The results from this study were very imprecise because of problems with the way it was run and run, and the fact that it did not use a placebo (sham (pretend) treatment. We were not able to draw conclusions about the benefits or harms of any specific corticostimulants in this study due to the lack of information.
We searched for randomised trials that compared intranasal corticostimulants with placebo (fake medicine) or no treatment in children and adults with adenoidal hypertrophy. We found six trials involving 394 patients. Five of the six trials demonstrated the use of corticosteroids in the first eight weeks of treatment. The first eight-week cross-over study showed that treatment with beclomethasone (336 mcg/day) improved symptom scores and reduced adenoid size more than placebo (18.5 versus -8.5). The second four-week trial showed that the Nasal Obstruction Index (NRA) decreased by at least 50% from baseline in 38% of the people treated with a corticoid, and none of the patients treated with placebo had such improvement. The third trial demonstrated that 77.7% of participants treated with mometasone (100 mcg) for 40 days showed an improvement in nasal obstruction symptoms and a decrease in the size of adenoids, and this improvement may be relevant for children with moderate to severe adenitis. The fourth parallel-group of one of the trials showed that flunisolide (500 mcg daily) was more likely than isotonic saline (fake) to cause nasal obstruction. The fifth trial did not find a difference in nasal blockage of the nose and throat in the eight weeks that the corticoids were used, and the sixth study did not show a change in adenosis size. In the first four weeks of therapy, beclomulin (a corticoprophylactin) did not seem to be as effective as placebo, but this may have been due to bias in the way the trial was done. In addition, we found that in the third trial, the placebo group did not have as many nasal blockages as those in the steroid group. This means that we can not be sure if this is due to chance. Overall, we think that the trials were well-conducted, and we judged the studies to be at low risk of bias.
We searched for randomised studies that compared epidural block with antihypertensives or anticonvulsants. We found only one study that involved 24 women. This study did not report on any of this review's important outcomes. The study was at low risk of bias in three domains but was assessed to be at high risk of systematic error (i.e. bias due to lack of blinding of women and staff) and unclear for how the study was done. This review did not find any studies that looked at the benefits or harms of epidural blocks for women with HELLP syndrome.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo controlled trials of glucocorticosteroids in adults (aged 25 to 70 years old) with alcoholic liver disease. We found 16 randomised trials. Fifteen trials (one of which was an abstract) gave us data that could be used in this review. The trials were of very low or very low risk of bias. The studies were between 25 and 70 years of age, and 65% were men. Follow-up, when reported, was up to the moment of discharge from the hospital, until the end of treatment, or for at least one year. There was very low-certainty information from 15 of the 16 studies that we looked at. There were 927 people in the studies that looked at the effects of the drugs on all-cause death up to three months after treatment, and there were 934 in the group that had a placebo or no treatment. There did not seem to be any difference in the risk of death from any cause or in quality of life between the two groups. We did not find evidence that the drugs had an effect on the occurrence of serious adverse events or on the number of people who had non-serious side-effects. Based on the information that we found, we can say that there was no difference between the groups for any of the outcomes that we were looking at. However, there was very very low quality of evidence for the other outcomes we were asked about. This was due to the fact that there were problems with the way that the trials were run and run, which could have resulted in bias. Therefore, we judged the reliability of the studies to be very low.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that examined the effects of any type of on-road training on the ability to drive after stroke. We found four RCTs involving 245 adults with a stroke. These studies were conducted with people who were relatively old and who had had their stroke in the first few weeks after the stroke. The studies varied in the way they were done and the way each study was done. This made it hard to tell whether or not the studies were at risk of bias. None of the studies looked at the effect of the training on quality of life or on how well the people were able to drive, and so we were not able to draw conclusions. Road sign recognition (i.e. how far a motorist can see a road sign) recognition after stroke was better in people who received training compared with those who did not, but this was based on just one RCT. There was no clear evidence that the use of a driving simulator may be helpful in improving visuocognitive abilities, such as how far people could drive, that are related to driving. However, we were unable to find any studies that looked at on- road driving skills after stroke, as these findings were based on a single RCT with only 73 adults. Adverse effects were not reported in any of the trials. Overall, we found there was not enough information to draw any conclusions.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of corticosteroids in adults with COPD. We found eight RCTs involving 582 adults that met our inclusion criteria, of which five studies with 519 adults (range 28 to 296) contributed to the meta-analysis. Mean ages of participants ranged from 65 to 73 years, the proportion of men (58% to 84%) and COPD was classified as severe or very severe. Corticostimulants (prednisolone or corticoprofen) were given at the same dose for three to 10 days for short-duration (three to seven days) and for 10 to 15 days for longer-duration treatment. Five of the eight studies used oral prednisolones (30 mg in four, tapered in one), and the other three used intravenous corticolinoids (parenteral corticoid). In four studies we did not find a difference in risk of the next COPD exacerbation or the risk of relapse (a new episode of COPD) between short- and long-duration systemic corticone treatment. Time to the first COPD flare-up was about the same in both groups, with the length of treatment lasting about 10 days. No differences between the groups were found in terms of the time to the next exacerbation, risk of relapses and risk of failure of the COPD treatment. The length of the course of treatment was too short for us to be able to draw any conclusions. We did not have any data on adverse events. The quality of the evidence was very low for all of the outcomes. This was due to the very low number of events.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the best way to give red blood cell transfusions for people with MDS. We found only one RCT that looked at RBC transfusions. This RCT was of very low or very low quality. The evidence from this RCT is up to date as of March 2016. The trial that we found did not report many of the outcomes that we thought were of interest, such as death due to bleeding or iron overload, quality of life, number of RCTs and transfusions, and how often patients were admitted to hospital. There was very low to very low risk of bias in the RCT. This review found that there is not a lack of evidence for a particular transfusion approach for bone marrow failure. There is a need for more high-quality, well-conducted trials to look at the best ways of giving red blood cells to treat MDS patients.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of any kind of stroke education in adults with stroke. We searched for RCTs up to April 2015. We found two RCT studies that assessed the benefits of games for stroke patients. The first study evaluated the first study used as a reinforcement technique, was based on the television game show "family Feud" and focused on infection control. This study did not assess any patient or process of care outcomes. The group that was randomized to the game had higher scores on the knowledge test (P = 0.02). The second study compared game-based learning ("Snakes and Ladders" board game) with traditional case-based (patient-based) learning of stroke prevention and management. This trial did not find any difference between the two groups in the short-term (three months) and longer term (12 months). The quality of the evidence from the RCT was very low because of the way it was run and run, and the fact that it did not measure the same things in both the group that received the game and the control group. There is a need for more high-quality research in this area.
The aim of this Cochrane Schizophrenia review was to find out whether or not there was evidence for the effectiveness of lithium or any of these drugs in the short-term or long-term treatment of people with bipolar or unipolar disorders. Eight randomised trials were included in the review. Two of these were large, medium- or large-scale randomised randomised studies that involved a mixed group of participants. The results of these trials showed that, when all kinds of relapses were considered, there was a very low- to low-certainty effect in favour of lithium. There were no other differences between the use of lithium and other drugs in terms of the safety of the drugs or their use. However, there were some side-effects, such as dizziness, dizziness and drowsiness, in the long term. There was no information on the side-effect of antidepressants or other drugs used in the treatment of this group of people.
The objective of this review was to assess the benefits and harms of amifostine for patients with thyroid cancer. Two randomised trials with 130 patients (67 and 63 patients randomised to treatment versus control) were included in this review. Both studies had a low risk of bias. Results from these two randomised controlled trials showed no differences in incidence of xerostomia, the decrease of scintigraphic or submandibular glands in the neck at one year and the reduction of blood pressure. Meta-analysis was not performed on the function of salivary glands measured by technetium-99m scintigry at three months after administration of high dose radioactive iodine due to the lack of differences in the findings across studies. Only one of the trials reported on death from any cause, morbidity, health-related quality of life or costs. This trial did not report on death due to any cause and did not look at death from different types of cancer or at different dosages of the drug. Furthermore, no differences were found between the high-dose and low-dose treatment groups in terms of adverse events or in the number of patients who had to leave the trial due to side-effects. However, this was a relatively short-term randomised trial and therefore the results should be viewed with some caution. There is a need for longer-term, well-conducted randomised randomised clinical trials to assess patient-oriented outcomes to guide the choice of treatment.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effectiveness of any intervention for children with Down syndrome. We found three RCTs involving 45 children aged from 29 months to six years. These studies were very small, with a total of 45 participants. We judged all three studies to be at high risk of bias, which means that their results may not be valid. We were not able to combine the findings from the three studies, which meant that we were unable to draw conclusions about the effects of the treatments on the same outcomes. We did find one RCT that found gains for the intervention group on speech and language skills, but this was not maintained one year later. One RCT found that children in the therapy group could use more words and words of speech and speech sounds that they were able to say, and they did not use them in the same way for the same length of time. Two studies found no differences between the groups in terms of their children’s speech or speech sounds, but did find that in the longer term, those in the treatment group used words that they said more often and were aware of the target words for their children. One study found improvements in expressive or receptive language skills for the groups. However, we found no evidence for improvements in speech or language skills in the long term in the group of parents who were in the control group. None of the studies looked at whether the interventions had any side-effects. The quality of the evidence was very low to high. This means that we are very uncertain about the results.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) from 1987 to 2004. We found two RCTs from 1987 and 2004 with a total of 148 adults who have had heart valve surgery. Both trials had a high risk of bias. There was not enough information to judge the effects of exercise-based cardiac rehabilitation compared to no exercise on death and on serious adverse events. We did find that, when compared with control (no exercise), people who had undergone cardiac surgery were more likely to be able to walk after their heart valve had been surgised and were more able to return to work 12 months after their surgery. However, we did not find evidence of an effect on quality of life or on left ventricular ejection fraction (how much of the valve was left open) and cost. There were no data to assess the impact of the type of heart surgery on patient-relevant outcomes, such as death and the effect of the surgery on health-related quality of Life. Due to a lack of information, we were not able to draw any conclusions as to whether or not there were any differences in the number of people who died or had a heart attack or had cardiac surgery. Our findings suggest that, compared with no exercise, people who have undergone heart surgery may be more fit for life after surgery. We were unable to find any evidence as to what other type of surgery people should have had surgery for their heart. This is due to the lack of evidence.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of any type of palliative care that involved adults in the terminal phase of a cancer. We found five RCTs (1130 adults) that met our inclusion standards. Two of the trials looked at one form of palative care called'mindfulness', the others looked at a variety of types of pallative care, often with a spiritual counsellor or chunsellor as a member of the intervention team. All five trials were from the same country, and in all the trials there was a chunsham (i.e. a play of chance) element. The quality of the evidence from these trials was limited by the small number of studies that could be used and the fact that in some of the studies the people taking part did not know whether they were in the experimental or control group or in the usual care group. This may have had a role in the way the trials were done, as it is not clear if the people in the groups that were not in the control group were not aware of which group they were assigned to. The trials did not measure quality of life or well-being in a way that we could use, so we judged the studies to have a high risk of bias. However, in the trials that did look at these types of interventions we found that they did not seem to have any effect. This means that in the long term we do not know much about the benefits or harms of these interventions.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at the effects of tDCS in adults with PDD. We found six RCTs with a total of 137 adults. We included adults over 18 years of age who had PDD and who had tDCS for more than 12 weeks. We did not look at those who had not developed tDCS (known as'sham tDCS'). We found that tDCS did not seem to have an impact on impairment. However, there was some very low-quality evidence that it may have had an effect on change in global UPDRS score, as measured by the Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (UPDRS). There was very low quality evidence for no effect on changes in the change in change in the ability to walk, how fast people could walk, or how fast they could move. One study with 25 adults measured the time with dyskinesia, but there was no evidence of an effect (0.10 hours). We also looked at gait speed (how fast people walked) and mental health (how well they were able to cope with their mental health) but we found no difference between those who used tDCS and those who did not use tDCS. There was no information about dropouts, side-effects, or deaths. We were not able to tell whether or not tDCS had an important effect on any of these. We judged the quality of the evidence to be very low to very low. This was due to problems with the way the trials were done and run.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of LASB in adults (aged 18 years and over) with acute ischaemic stroke. We included 12 RCTs, with a total of 461 patients. We did not find any studies that did not follow up patients for more than 48 hours. As a result, we did not include any studies in this review update. Overall, we assessed the quality of the evidence from studies to be low to very low due to problems with the way some of the trials were designed and conducted. We found very low-to-very low- or very low quality data for the outcomes of pain intensity and side effects. This was due to limitations in the design of the studies and the fact that some studies did not measure all outcomes.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo-controlled trials of antivirals and corticosteroids in adults with Bell's palsy. We found 14 trials, with a total of 2488 participants. Fourteen of the trials were small, and most were at high or unclear risk of bias. The evidence is up to date as of March 2017. Antivirals alone may have little or no effect on the rate of incomplete recovery compared to corticostoids alone. Recovery rates were better in the group of participants who were treated with corticoid drugs than in those who were given antiviral drugs alone, but the result was imprecise and we could not rule out the chance of no effect. Antibiotics alone had no clear effect on incomplete recovery rates compared with placebo or no treatment. For people with more than one disease, we found that the combination of the antiviral drug and the corticoidal drug may be more likely to recover than corticotic drugs alone. This is based on low- to very low-to-very low-certainty data. There was no information on the effect of corticoprofen alone.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of long-acting agonists (leuprorelin or treosulfan) in women with advanced ovarian cancer. We found two RCTs, with 97 participants, that assessed two types of LHRH agonists. One compared a long-term (two years or more) anti-cancer drug called long-actin agonists with a sham drug (placebo). The other looked at a medicine called levonorgestrelin (decapeptyl) compared with a fake medicine called a 'placebo'). We did not find evidence that any of these drugs were any better than the others in terms of the time to death from any cause or the time until the cancer got worse. There may also have been problems with the way the trials were done. We judged the evidence to be very low or very low- or low-quality. This was due to problems with how the studies were done and the way they were run.
We found 17 randomised studies that assessed the benefits and harms of iNO for preterm and near-term neonates and compared iNO with control (placebo or standard care) or with no iNO. We found evidence that iNO improves outcomes in the short term (up to 24 weeks) and the long term (i.e. up to 12 months) for both term and term neonates. Inhaled nitric oxide (iNO) does not seem to reduce the risk of death or the need for ECPR (blood oxygenation) in the first few days after birth. Infants who received iNO did not have as many neonatal deaths as those who did not, but this may have been due to the small number of neonates in the iNO group. In addition, iNO may have improved outcomes for the first 24 weeks of life.
The aim of this review was to assess the effectiveness of lumbar support for people with low-back pain. We searched for randomised controlled trials that assessed the effects of any type of support or any form of support. We found eight studies, with a total of 1361 participants, that looked at the effect of providing support for patients with LBP. Overall, the methods of the trials were rather poor, and only five of the fifteen studies were of high quality. There was moderate-to-very low-risk of bias for most of the outcomes, but there were a few issues with the way the research was done. There is still a need for high quality randomised trials to find out whether providing support helps with the treatment of LBP in the short-term or long-term. One of the most important issues to deal with in these future trials seems to be the need for people to be aware of the type of treatment they are getting and to take the time to get used to it.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the use of catheters with other types of parenteral nutrition. We searched for RCTs up to March 2017. We found one new study in a search of the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's database in November 2017. This review includes data from 57 studies involving 16,784 participants. Catheters that were used for long-term use were found to be more likely to be safe and effective than those that were not used in the long term. Catheter impregnant patients were less likely to have blood in their major artery (ICU) and had a lower risk of infection (CRBSI), with an ARR of 2% (95% CI 3% to 1%) and a NNTB of 50 (high- or very high-certainty) of catheter colonization, but this was not the case in the ICU and oncological units of ICUs or in the oncologics. However, there were differences in the types of impregnations (i.e. those with a catheter and a CVC) and in the sizes of the numbers of women who were impregnated. This could have been due to the fact that the CVCs used for impregnation were not as large as we thought. We could not be sure whether they were as big as they should be. We did not have enough data to know whether impregrowth of the catheter was more or less likely in the longer term. There were no deaths in any of the two groups. There was no difference in the rates of sepsis, all-cause death or catheter-related infections between the groups. We judged this to be high- to very low- to moderate-quality evidence.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effectiveness of interventions that aimed to change the way in which children and adults were cared for in the home or community. We included 15 RCTs in the review. These studies were from Bangladesh, India, Nepal, and Peru. We found 14 studies, of which 14 studies were randomised studies. The main focus of the review was on the effects of the interventions on nutrition and on how well the home and community were run and how well it was run and looked after. We also looked at whether there were any differences in how healthy the children were and if they were well-nourished and how much they ate and drank. We did not find any evidence that changes in how well babies were fed and how good they were fed helped to change how well they were raised and how satisfied they were with the provision of nutrition. We were not able to tell whether changes in the way babies were raised or cared for helped us to know more about whether they were born healthy or not. This was mainly due to problems with the way the research was done. We could not tell from the evidence we found whether any of the studies were carried out well enough for us to be confident in the findings. We judged the overall certainty of the evidence to be very low to moderate. The studies had some problems with how they were done and this made it hard to tell how sure we were of the results.
Twelve RCTs (1023 adults) with venous leg ulcers were included in this review. Pooled data from five RCTS (418 adults) showed no difference between foam dressers and hydrocolloid dressers in the proportion of ulcers healed at 12 to 16 weeks. There was no evidence that foam dressings healed ulcers as well as other types of wound dressers or polyurethane foam dressing. No difference in ulcer healing outcomes was found when foam dressages were compared with paraffin gauze (two trials), hydrocapillary dressers (one RCT), and knitted viscose dressings. No evidence was found for any of the other comparisons. Six of the trials were considered to be at high risk of bias, and the other six trials were either unclear or had some risk of systematic bias. No RCT had a low risk of random errors (i.e. play of chance). The evidence in this area is of low quality. The evidence is up to date as of June 2014.
There were no RCTs that assessed the tolerability or safety of the withdrawn COX-2 IBD drugs, valdecoxib, or lumiracoxib. One RCT (159 patients) compared etoricoxib (60 to 120 mg/day) to placebo in IBD patients with rheumatoid (worsening of ulcerative colitis) or Crohn's disease. After 12 weeks of treatment the IBD exacerbation rate was 17% (14/82) in the etorioxib group, compared with 19% (15/77) in those in the placebo group. A GRADE analysis of the evidence for this outcome was low due to very sparse data (29 events). There was no difference between celecoxib (200 mg twice a day) and placebo in patients with quiescent ulceration colitis. The other study ( 222 patients) showed no difference in the occurrence of IBD flare-ups (exacerbations) of Crohn’s disease or IBD between the two treatment groups. There were no studies that assessed quality of life or adverse events. Both studies were judged to be at low risk of bias. The evidence from the one RCT that looked at the safety of celecoxiv for IBD was of very low quality. This was due to the lack of data.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to March 2017. We found 22 RCTs involving over 2310 adults with ulcers that were treated with an antimicrobial dress. The trials were small (n = 4 to 317) and were relatively short (4 to 24 weeks). Six of the 22 studies were at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential for bias due to the way the RCT was run and conducted). The other trials were at very low or very low risk of imprecision (there was a high risk for bias). The evidence from five trials with 945 adults showed that more ulcers healed when treated with antimiotics (antibiotics) than with non-antimiotics. This was based on an average of 119 wound healing events per 1000 participants (95% CI 51 to 191 more). We found very low-certainty information on adverse events and other outcomes. Antimiotics may have a role in healing ulcers. Antibiotics may also have an effect on ulcers caused by other types of bacteria (e.g. silver, iodides, super-oxidised solutions, silver sulphadiazine, tretinoin, pexiganan cream, and chloramine). Antibiotic dressing may cause ulcers to heal more often in people who have non-infected ulcers, but we found no evidence on infection in people with infected ulcers or in those who have a non-infected ulcer. The quality of the evidence was very low to very low due to risk for most of the outcomes.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of the use of zinc supplements in children and adults with pneumonia. We did not find any new RCTs for this update. We found six RCT studies that involved 5193 participants. Analysis showed that, compared with a control group that did not receive the supplements, those who did were 13% less likely to get pneumonia. This was the case even though the risk of pneumonia was about the same for both the control group and the treatment group. We also found that when we looked at children with pneumonia who did not have the supplement, we were about three times more likely to have a chest infection. The evidence for this finding is of low or very low quality. This means that future research is very likely to change these findings.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo controlled trials (RCTs) looking at the benefits and harms of vitamins A, B and C in children with acute LRTI. We found 10 RCTs including 33,179 children. Eight of these studies found no evidence that the use of the vitamins A or B6 or C in the prevention of LRTIs. Two of these found that children who were not well nourished (unnourished) or under weight) had more acute lung problems (cough and fever) in the short term (i.e. up to six weeks). One study found no differences between low-dose and high-dose vitamin A in the risk of an acute lung infection in healthy children, but an increased risk in those who were well fed and under weight. This study did not find any difference between the two groups. Two other studies reported no difference between groups and found no difference in the number of children who did or didn't have an episode of diarrhoea or who did not eat or breathed well. This review of trials found no strong evidence that vitamins A and B6 prevent infections in healthy adults or those who are under weight or who are not well fed or not able to eat or breathe well. Therefore, vitamins A should not be given to all participants in this review.
This review found that theophylline (an inhaled bronchodilator drug) did not seem to be as good as other types of inhaled corticosteroids and improved lung function, but it did improve some of the symptoms of COPD, such as breathlessness. Patients who took the drug were more than twice as likely to get nausea (nausea, dizziness, drowsiness) from the drug than those who took a fake medicine (placebo). However, this may have been due to the fact that the treatment had to be stopped for the course of the trial. The review did not find evidence that the drug had any side effects.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the benefits and harms of any form of oral immunotherapy. We found 10 RCTs, with a total of 439 participants. None of the trials used sublingual (i.e. the type of medicine that is injected through the skin or through the nose or mouth) immunotherapy, and none used oral vaccine. Three studies used a 'fake' (fake) medicine (placebo) or an egg avoidance diet as the control group. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2016. The review found that an increase in the amount of egg that can be consumed and tolerated in a child's food can be achieved without adverse events. Most children (82%) in the treatment group could eat half of their egg, compared with 10% in the placebo group. Fewer than half (5%) of the children in the immunotherapy group were able to eat a full amount of eggs, and no serious adverse events were found. Mild- to-severe side effects were frequent; 75% of the participants in the oral vaccine group had mild to very mild side effects. SAEs (adrenaline or epinephrine or adrenaline) occurred in 21/249 (8.4%) of those in the intervention group and none in the group that did not have them. The studies did not look at long-term side effects; we do not know if there are any differences in the risk of serious side effects between the treatment groups. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at the benefits and harms of intra-arterial valve surgery. We found four RCTs (involving a total of 579 adults) that looked at the effects of different types of interferon. None of the trials looked at death. The evidence is up to date as of March 2016. We did not find any evidence that there was a difference in risk of death in the long term for people who had an ILR and those who had ILR. However, we found some very low to very very low risk of bias in the way the trials were done. There seemed to be no evidence that the risk of long-term death or the costs of an interferons were different in the two groups treated with ILR compared to those who received ILR, although this may have been due to differences in how the studies were done and how the outcomes were measured. There appeared to be higher costs in the ILR group, if the costs were assessed. There was no information on short term deaths. Data from two trials seemed to show no difference in quality of life, but this was not supported by a formal analysis due to the differences in both the scores used and the way that the data were presented in the trials. There did not seem to be a difference between the groups in terms of how long the surgery took place and how long it took and how well the surgery was done. Two of the four trials reported on side effects after the surgery. Due to the lack of data, we were not able to draw conclusions as to whether or not there were any differences in side effects between the different groups. Overall, we judged the quality of the studies to be very low due to problems with the way they were run and reported.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at the benefits and harms of any type of surgery in people with 282 hydroceles. We found four RCTs that were suitable for inclusion in this review. These studies enrolled 275 patients with 282 haemorrhageles. All four studies were assessed to have low or unclear risk of bias for the types of intervention used and the way they were carried out. We were able to combine the results of three of the four studies that we looked at to see if there was any difference in the cure rate (i.e. the number of patients who were cured) and in the risk of recurrence of the disease in those who had sclerotherapy compared with surgery. This may be due to the agent used in the sclerosis and the fact that this is a much older study than the other two of the other studies we found. There was an increase in the chance that the disease would come back in one of the two groups but we were not able to draw any conclusions as to whether this was related to the type of procedure used. One of the studies that looked at the effect of surgery on pain and fever found that the pain in the surgery group was more than in the group that had surgery. However this may have been due to problems with the way the surgery was done. None of the trials looked at how the people were put into the treatment groups and so we are not sure if this had any effect on the cure rates. We did not find any information on how patients were put in the other way. We could not tell whether the people in the trials were put together or not. This is probably due to there were problems with how the studies were done and we do not know if the people taking part in the studies knew which group they were in.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at the use of nebulised recombinant human deoxyribonuclease (rhDNase) in children with airway malacia and a lung infection. We found one RCT (40 participants) that looked at the effectiveness of recombinant (rhabdomyolytic) recombinant haemofascioprophylactin. We assessed this to be of high risk of bias. We did not find any RCTs on rhDNase. The RCT compared rDNase with a fake medicine (placebo). This RCT did not show any differences in cough-free at one week between the treatment groups. The mean change in night time cough diaries (which are used by patients to record their cough) showed that those in the placebo group were more likely to cough up more often than those in those on nebulisation, but the difference between groups was not very large. Other outcomes, such as the length of time it took for the sputum to clear and how well children were able to breathe, and lung function tests, favoured those on placebo. However, these findings were based on a RCT with only one study and therefore they may have been due to chance. We were not able to draw any firm conclusions as to whether or not any of the therapies used in this RCT are safe and effective.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the effectiveness of any form of psychological therapy. We included 21 RCTs in our review. We found no studies that looked at physical therapy. Fourteen studies looked at forms of cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT). The rest of the trials looked at other forms of psychotherapy, third-wave CBT (mindfulness), psychodynamic therapies, and integrative therapy. Participants were recruited from a range of healthcare settings and the open population. The average number of sessions ranged from one to 13, over a period of one day to nine months. The duration of follow-up varied from two weeks to 24 months. For all studies, we found that, compared with usual care or a waiting list that could be included in the meta-analysis, people who were treated with CBT had less severe symptoms at the end of treatment. This effect was considered to be small to medium. Adverse events were seldom reported. For other items, most of the studies were at low risk of bias. For the subgroup of studies comparing CBT with behaviour therapy, the results showed that people who received CBT were 7% more likely to drop out of treatment compared with those who were on a control group. This result was the same for both groups. We judged this to be moderate- and low- or low- to very low-to-very low-certainty. This was due to the lack of blinding of participants, therapists, and outcome assessors, and to the fact that we did not have enough data to know whether or not they were in the CBT or usual care group or not.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the benefits and harms of any type of regional anaesthesia for women with breast cancer surgery. We found 63 RCTs, but we were only able to combine results for 3027 adults. In total, we were able to use data from 39 studies, enrolling 3027 participants in our analysis. The evidence is up to date as of March 2017. We did not find evidence that the use of an epidural anaesthesia prevented pain after breast surgery, thoracotomy or any other types of surgery. However, we found some low- to very low-to-very low-quality evidence that it may prevent pain after caesarean section. We were not able to draw conclusions about the benefits or harms of intravenous (intravenous) local anaesthetics because of the lack of information. There was some moderate- to low- and low-certainty evidence that use of a local anaesthesia may be associated with a reduction in the risk of pain three to 12 months after surgery.
This Cochrane Cochrane Review summarises evidence from 28 randomised, double-blind, first-generation (atypical) trials of second-generation antipsychotics. The aim of the review is to assess the effects of first- or third-phase (first-generation) antipsychotic drugs compared with first-level (second-phase) drugs. This meta-analysing 28 studies, with 1742 people, found that first- and second-phase drugs were similar in terms of efficacy and side-effects. This supports the use of these drugs in the first-phase treatment of schizophrenia. However, evidence from other Cochrane Schizophrenia reviews has shown that third-generation drugs seem to be more likely to cause side effects. This is likely to be due to the fact that second-level drugs have been used for longer and have been shown to be less well tolerated than first-scale drugs. Therefore, third-stage drugs seem the drug of first choice. This Cochrane plain language summary is up to date as of March 2013.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at the effectiveness of washout solutions for urinary incontinence. We searched for RCTs up to May 2017. We found seven trials involving 349 participants, 217 of whom completed the studies. Three were cross-over (trials in which the treatments were based on between-group differences) and four were parallel-group randomised trials (studies in which people were allocated at random to one of two or more treatments groups). Of these, two trials were added for this update (one RCT with 40 adults and one RCT, 67 adults, cross over RCT). Two of the trials had very small numbers of participants and had limitations in terms of how they were carried out. We were unable to draw conclusions about whether or not washout or no washout solution has an important effect on the rate of symptomatic urine infection or length of time each catheters was in situ because the results were imprecise. Four trials looked at the use of saline (saline or acid) or an antibiotic (antibiotics) solution. We are not sure if washout is more or less likely to cause urine in the urine, but we are uncertain if it has an effect on quality of life. None of the studies looked at how much urine was lost or how long each catheter was in place (how long it was left in place and working). One RCT compared different types of saline or acid solution (stronger or weak). We are also not sure whether or weak (strong or weak) of the washout treatments we looked at. The evidence from the trials was of very low or very low quality. This was mainly due to problems with the way the trials were done and run. There were problems with how the people taking part in the trials knew which group they were in and whether they had been put into, and with how long the treatments had to be in place. This made it hard for us to judge the risk of bias.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed fatigue in adults with brain cancer. We found 30 RCTs involving 18,682 adults. Eighteen of these included adults aged up to 18 years. In a subgroup of three studies (268 adults) survivors were more likely to be tired in the long term (i.e. beyond the age of 18 years) than those who were not tired. In this subgroup (involving 13,952 adults aged 16 and over), the chances of being tired ranged from 4.4% to 61.7%. The chances of severe fatigue in survivors of haematological cancer ranged from 1.8% to 35.9% and the risk of death due to brain cancer was 14.6% to 21.1%. In the same subgroup, survivors of bone cancer were more tired than those in the control groups, but this result was very imprecise. The risk of depression in those with bone cancer who were tired was about the same in both groups (psychosocial cancer survivors and those in those without bone cancer). In the group of adults who were less tired, the odds of side effects ranged from 3.1% to 10.3%. We could not draw conclusions about fatigue in people with other types of brain cancer or in people who had not been treated for cancer. This is due to differences in cancer, age of participants, questionnaires used to assess tiredness, and the types of cancer treatments used in the trials. We were not able to draw any conclusions about the effects of tiredness in people because of these and other factors. We also found no studies that looked at fatigue in the same age. This means that we do not know the best way to assess fatigue in brain cancer patients.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at the use of antibiotics to reduce the risk of RIs and deaths in adults who were admitted to the ICU. We found 36 RCTs involving 6914 adults. There was variation in the antibiotics used, the patients and the risk for RTIs and death in the control groups. The results showed that the combination of topical and systemic prophylactics (antibiotics applied to the skin or in the gut) reduced the number of RTIs (i.e. the chance of having one or more RTIs in the first 24 hours after treatment) and the chances of death. However, this was not found in the group that was not treated. The risk of resistance (infection due to resistance to antibiotics) occurring as a side effect of antibiotic use was not fully explored in one trial which did not show any such effect.
We searched for randomised studies that looked at the effectiveness of any type of long-term care education or training in the care of adults (18 years of age or over) who were followed up for at least 12 months. We found five studies. All of them looked at different ways of teaching nursing staff. Two of them offered consultation in the nursing home setting and in the group home setting. The other three of the studies gave guidance to nursing staff in addition. Four studies looked at nursing homes and one study looked at group homes. Three of the five studies were in the community setting and none in nursing homes. Overall, we found no evidence that any of the methods used in the studies were of high quality. The findings from the three studies in the home setting showed an increase of PR use in both groups after eight months, while the other three studies found reduced use of PR in the intervention groups after both eight and 12 months of follow up. The results from the single study in group homes showed no change in PR use after six months, but PR use was higher in the control group. We judged this to be of low or very low quality. We concluded that there was not enough information to know whether or not any of these interventions were effective in the long term care of people with geriatric geriatric.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at the use of glucocorticoids in IVF, ICSI or IVF. We found four RCTs (involving 416 women) that looked at the effects of giving or not. Two of the trials had data that we could not use in our review, so we have data from the other three trials we could use. The evidence is up to date as of March 2016. The trials looked at whether there was any difference in live birth or in the chance of having a live birth between the groups. Our findings suggest that if the risk of live birth with a placebo is assumed to be 15%, the chance with glucoprostol (fake medicine) would be between 7% and 31%). There was no conclusive evidence of a difference in the live birth rate. There was also no evidence that there was a difference between groups in the chances of having one or more miscarriages, but there was some low- or very low-quality evidence that this may have been due to the lack of data. We were not able to tell whether or not there were any differences between groups for the chance for pregnancy or multiple-pregnancy rate. None of the studies looked at OHSS or side-effects. The results of this review are of very low or low quality for all outcomes, mainly due to imprecision, with low sample sizes and few events.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at the effects of rhGH in adults with COPD. We included eight RCTs, with 291 adults aged five to 23 years. We found that rhGH treatment may improve some measures of lung function, but there was no evidence that it was any more or less effective than no treatment. Some measures of pulmonary function showed some improvement, but no clear improvement was seen across all trials. The trials showed some improvements in height, weight and lean body mass with rhGH therapy, but improvements in lean body fat and lean fat mass were only seen for the high-dose rhGH (0.3 mg/kg/week) group. There was no difference between the low-dose and the standard-dose rGH group for changes in blood glucose levels (very low- to low- or very low-quality evidence). There was some evidence that there was a change in the level of fasting blood glucose, but it did not cross the levels used in the blood tests in the trials of short duration (low-quality data). None of the trials looked at the costs of the treatment. There is some evidence from three trials in the short-term (up to six months) for improvements in physical fitness, but the size of the studies was small and there were problems with the way they were run and run, so we judged them to be of very low to very low quality.
We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found 26 non-randomized studies with 1,695 participants that looked at three types of treatment: (1) the use of the inhaler (e.g. mask), (2) use of other types of inhalers to keep the airway open and open; (3) change in forced expiratory volume in one second (how much air was pumped around the body); (4) changes in the amount of air in the lungs; and (5) use in the nose and throat that made sure that the work had to be done well. We also looked at whether the work was done well, and if it was safe to do. We did not look at whether people had to leave the study early or whether they had to change jobs. People who had been in the study for a long time (i.e. worked for more than six months) may have been more than twice as sure that their work had been done well because they were so sure that they were in the treatment group and were not in the control group. We were not sure if people knew whether they were getting the treatment or not. In 18 of the 26 studies, we found that people who had left the study may have had about half a chance of not getting their work done. This may have happened by chance. In seven of the studies, people leaving the study had about one and a half times as much chance of having to stop their work as those who did not leave the trial. We are not sure whether this was due to chance alone. In 10 studies, participants in the group that had not left the trial had about five times more chance of being out of the study. This might have been due to the fact that people knew if they were leaving the trial or not, or they had changed jobs so they did not want to go back to the same job. Also, we are not certain if the people in the groups that were left in the trial were as sure as those in the other group that was still in the same group. In eight of the trials, we were not as sure whether people left the group because of chance or because they thought that the group was getting the same amount of work as the group getting the placebo (a fake medicine). In nine of the included studies, there were about 50% to 60% of people who dropped out. This could have been the chance that the real group that did not finish the study, or a chance that people might have missed their work. In one study, people who left the treatment had about four times more chances of having their work called 'freeze-up'. This could be because they had not finished the work or had changed work or were just as sure they had finished the test, or both. In another, we could not be sure if they had dropped out or were more or less certain about whether they did or had not.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo controlled trials (where people are assigned to one of two or more treatment groups) looking at the benefits and harms of on-demand use of PPIs in adults with gastro-gastric or reflux disease. We found six trials (n = 1758 people). All participants were aged 48 to 57 years, except for one trial that had an average age of 73 years. Five of the trials looked at the effects of deprescribing and one of them looked at whether the drug was stopped or not. There was some low- to very low-quality evidence that on-need PPI use may increase the risk of 'lack of symptom control' (how well people were able to cope with their symptoms) and may decrease the amount of PPI they took each day. However, there was also some evidence that people may have been more likely to take their PPI pills every day if they had to take a PPI pill every day for six weeks or more with on-use PPIs. This may have had to do with the fact that in the group that did not take their PPIs as often as those who took them every day, they had about three times as much PPI per week. They may also have had about four times more painkillers (e.g. dyspepsia, regurgitation) and about three points on a 100-point increase in their weight gain. There may have also been some people’s weight gain that could have been caused by taking PPI too often. We were not able to draw conclusions about the long-term harms of using PPIs because there were too few data.
We searched for randomised trials that looked at the effectiveness of social skills training in adults with schizophrenia. We found 13 randomised studies, with a total of 917 participants, that assessed the effects of a social skills programme for schizophrenia compared to standard care or standard care. We also found evidence that people with schizophrenia who took part in social skills programmes showed improvements in their mental health, and in their quality of life, compared to those taking part in usual care. People’s mental health and mental state also showed improvement compared to people in the usual care group. However, when we looked at people who were not in the social skills group we found no evidence that social skills were any more or less effective than those in the group that was treated in the same way as the control group. There was no difference between the groups in terms of their mental state or in how well they were able to cope, but there was some very low to very low quality evidence for these outcomes. This means that we are very uncertain about the results. We think that the fact that it was not clear whether people knew what group they were in, might have had a role in the way the research was done. Also, we think that it might have been hard to tell whether people were aware of the group to which they were taking part and this could have had an impact on how they were assessed.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that randomised adults with tophi to one of three groups: (1) pegloticase infusion twice a week (two weeks), (2) monthly pegloidase infusion (two or more times a week) or (3) a placebo (pretend) infusion (sham infusion). We found two RCTs (225 adults, 145 with tophophthalmitis) that randomly assigned adults to receive one of the treatment groups (two arms) of pegloticsase infusion or a sham infusion. One of these studies (a RCT with 225 adults) found that biweekly peglobicase 8 mg infusion reduced tophi in the subgroup of adults who had tophi, but there were more withdrawals due to side effects in all participants, and monthly infusion appeared to result in less benefit. There was no difference in the number of people who were able to get to the next episode of tophi. Pegloticase administered biweekly did not seem to help as much as giving the drug every two weeks or once a week. There were more side-effects in the peglosis group than in the sham infusion group, but this did not appear to be a problem. We did not find evidence that one treatment was better than the other, and we could not tell whether one was any more or less effective than another. The evidence from the one RCT that looked at the effect of the other treatments on tophi was of low or very low quality. This was due to problems with the way the RCT was done. Therefore, we judged the risk of bias in the trial to be very low.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind trials of IgA or IgA for the prevention of NEC in the neonates. We found three trials that met our inclusion criteria. The trials were small (2095 neonates) and did not show that IgA alone prevented NEC. IgA plus IgA did not prevent NEC as well as IgA and IgA alone. There were no trials of IV immunoglobulin alone in NEC.
This Cochrane Review summarises evidence from five RCTs that looked at the role of chemotherapy after hysterectomy (womb surgery to remove the uterus) and surgery for uterine fibroids. We found that giving chemotherapy after surgery reduced the risk that the cancer would come back in the pelvis by a quarter and the risk of being dead at any time after surgery by a third. Chemotherapy after surgery may not be as good as surgery alone but it may have added value when used with other types of surgery.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at whether or not these types of programmes worked. We found 35 RCTs, from a wide range of countries on six continents. Nineteen of these were from low- and middle-income settings and 16 from high-income. Some of the studies looked at the views of people who had experienced the interventions, while others asked what people felt they would like from a digital health programme. The evidence is up to date as of March 2017. We included 35 RITs, which were carried out in a range of settings, such as in the USA, UK, or USA. The main focus of the research was to find out whether the programmes helped clients to feel that they were able to share their messages with each other, or with their friends and family. We also looked at how satisfied clients were with the messages, and how satisfied they were with them. Some felt that these programmes gave them with feelings of support and connectedness, as they felt that someone was taking the time to send them messages. They felt that the messages were free of charge. Some clients also pointed to problems when they used these programmes. Some had no phone, had lost or broken their phone, could not afford airtime, or had changed their phone number. Some wanted to use the phone at a time and in a way that was easy for them to use. Clients were also asked about how much they liked the programme, how much it helped them, and whether it made them feel that their views of the programme were changed or improved. Some were concerned about whether it was safe to share the messages with other than that had been sent to them. They said that some of the programmes were not well designed or reported, and that it was hard to tell whether they were good or good enough for the clients to like them. We thought that this could have had some influence on how confident we were in the results. We think that the fact that people knew which group they were in, how they were assigned to, and this may have made it hard for us to judge how much we could trust the reliability of the information we found. This may have been a problem, and we think that it could have made us more confident in the findings. People with HIV/AIDS, or those with other stigmatised or personal health conditions, often found it hard to be sure that the programmes delivered to them were good enough to really help them share their views and opinions. We believe that this is an area that needs more research.
Twenty-three trials involving 2467 people were included in this review. We found that methadone was no better or worse than any other medication in terms of the number of people who were still using heroin at the end of treatment. In fact, more of the participants in the placebo group dropped out of the trial (more than twice as many) and more drop-outs were found in the treatment group (about the same). The results indicate that the drugs used in the trials used in this Cochrane Cochrane review are not any more or less likely to cause side effects than those used with other medications.
The review of trials found that heavy sedation caused more side effects than light sedation or naltrexone, and that there was a higher risk of side-effects (adverse events) with heavy sedated sedation. The high cost of anaesthesia-based approaches, both in money terms and use of resources, suggests that this form of treatment should not be done.
Molindone is one of the most well-known antipsychotics and the most widely used in the world, so we set out to find out whether this drug is effective and safe. We searched for randomised trials (RCTs) looking at the effects of different dosages of molindone. We found 14 RCTs that looked at the use of this drug for schizophrenia. The trials lasted from very short (10 days) to longer (three months). The data from these trials do not allow us to draw any conclusions as to whether or not the drug is more or less effective than other types of antipsychotic. This drug may cause more weight loss. There is no evidence to suggest that it has an atypical effect. The strength of the data relating to this compound is limited, owing to the small sample size, poor study design, and a lack of data. Also, the trials were very short.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo controlled trials (RCTs) of treatments for lightening melasma. We found 20 RCTs with a total of 2125 participants. They can be grouped into those that used a bleaching agent, triple-combination creams (hydroquinone, tretinoin, and fluocinolone acetonide), or combinations of these and other treatments. Trials with other treatments, such as rucinol, vitamin C iontophoresis, and skin-lightening creams, have not been properly reported. Triple-combinone cream was superior to hydroquinone alone but not when compared to 4% or 5% of the people in the treatment group. Azelaic acid (20%) was more effective than 2% at lighting melasma but not with 4% and 5% with 5% because of the fact that the treatment was not as good as the combination cream. Adhering to treatment (e.g. with a skin patch) was more successful than with the use of a skin cream.
Twelve trials, with 1319 adults, were included in the review. Not all of the people in the trials were white and 40% were male. The mean age of the trials ranged from 61 to 75 years. All trials were a minimum of one year long. The studies were of low or very low risk of bias. The review found that 5-fluorouracil injection reduced the risk of failure in the first year after trabeculectomy in both eyes, with the risk in the high risk group and the low risk group. There was no difference between the low-dose and the high-dose groups in terms of complications. Intraocular pressure was reduced in the lower-dose 5-FU group and 5.0 mmHg after surgery. This means that for every four eyes treated, one eye will have a glaucoma patch that does not need to be re-cleared after surgery and five eyes will not need surgery. However, the number of eyes that need surgery for the first time after surgery is about five. This is about the same for both eyes. No surgery was found in the two groups. The evidence from the trials was of low to very low quality.
This review found that inhaled corticosteroids did not seem to reduce the rate of decline in forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) in COPD patients. Long-term use of ICS (more than six months) did not appear to affect lung function or quality of life. Longer-term follow-up (up to three years) studies showed that long-term ICS use was more than twice that of placebo (i.e. a fake medicine) in terms of reduced rate of flare-ups (exacerbations) of COPD. The rate of pneumonia was higher in the ICS group than in the control group in all but one study. There was an increased risk of oropharyngeal candidiasis (infection) and hoarseness (vomiting and cough) in the long term. The results of the trials that looked at bone function and lung function did not show any difference between ICS and control groups. People with COPD who took ICS for more than three years had about five times the chance of having a flare-up of their COPD, compared to those who took placebo. People taking ICS were no more or less than those in the placebo group at the end of the course of treatment. People who did take ICS had about three times the risk of side-effects.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of any of the NSAIDs used in women with primary dysmenorrhoea. We found 80 RCTs, with 5820 participants, that met our criteria for inclusion in the meta-analyses. They compared 20 different NSAIDs (18 non-selective and four COX-2-specific) with placebo, paracetamol or each other. The trials were very few in size and compared the use of NSAIDs with each other or with other NSAIDs. There was no evidence that any one NSAID was better than any other. However, there was some evidence that NSAIDs were associated with more side-effects (such as gastrointestinal side effects). There was also no difference between NSAIDs and other types of drugs in terms of side effects. The evidence suggests that if 18% of women taking placebo have good pain relief, about 5% will do so. If 45% and 53% of those who take an NSAID will achieve good pain control, about 45% will be able to sleep well at night. This is based on low- to very low-to-very low-certainty data. Only two of the studies used NSAIDs that are known to cause side effects (e.g. nausea and vomiting). This is due to the fact that most of the trials in this review were very small and were based on very few women. This means that we cannot tell whether or not NSAIDs are better or worse than other drugs.
We searched for randomised trials that compared high levels of PEEP with low levels. We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found only three randomised studies (involving a total of 465 people with ARDS) that looked at high- and low-level PEEP. Five of these studies (2417 people) looked at the effects of high- or low-volume PEEP, but in the other two studies (148 people) the volumes of the PEEPs and the ventilator were similar. We did not find any differences in deaths or in the risk of barotrauma in the three groups. Oxygenation was improved in the high-PEEP group, although data derived from the studies showed a high risk of bias. The number of ventilators-free days showed no difference between the two groups. The subgroup of patients in the ARDS subgroup who were in the ICU who were on a ventilatory machine showed a decreased death rate, although it must be noted that in two of the three studies, the authors used a protective ventilation strategy involving a low tidal volume and high levels. This review indicates that the studies were diverse in how they were done. This means that we were not able to draw conclusions about the benefits and harms of high or low PEEP for ARDS. High- or very high-dose PEEP appears to be no more or less safe than low-grade PEEP in ARDS patients.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at the benefits and harms of HES products in adults with AKI. We found 42 RCTs (11,399 patients) that looked at the risk of AKI based on RRTs. We were able to combine data from 19 studies from the original review (2010), as well as 23 new studies. Overall, there was an increase in the need for RRT in the HES treated patients compared to those who were not treated with HES. The risk of renal failure was higher in the RRT group than in the control group. However, when we looked at RRT and AKI outcomes, we found that the risk for AKI was lower in the group of patients who were given HES compared to the group that were not, but this may have been due to biases in the way the RCT was carried out. There was no evidence that HES was any more or less safe than other types of haemodialysis. We did not find evidence that RRT or AKI were more likely to be caused by HES than other forms of RRT.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of Rheum officinale in adults with CKD. We found nine RCTs that enrolled 682 adults. Seven of these studies were judged to be at low risk of bias; three of these were judged not to be biased; and two were judged free of other potential bias. The evidence is up to date as of March 2015. Rheumat officinle had a positive effect on SCR and BUN when compared with no treatment. However, it did not seem to be associated with any difference in the number of patients who died or had to leave the study early. No data were available on all-cause death or cost of treatment. Only minor side-effects were found in the RHEum officinusale group. We did not find any evidence to support its use in CKD patients.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, short- and long-term trials of IQCODE in people of all ages who were at risk of dementia. We searched for studies up to May 2015. We found 13 studies, with a total of 2745 adults (1413 (51%) with dementia). We found no differences in test accuracy of the short (16-item) or short (six weeks) form of the test, or in the way the test was administered. This means that the test does not perform as well as the longer, longer-term test, although it does perform better in a 'general' setting. We also found that the short-item form did not seem to be any more or less accurate than the longer (longer-term) form, although this may have been due to the fact that it was not used as a test in all but one of the studies. There was also a lot of variation in how the papers were done and how the studies were done, which means that we were not able to draw conclusions about how well the test worked. We think that this is an area that needs more research.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at treatments for spasticity in adults with stroke. We found three RCTs involving 91 participants. All three trials had high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of favouritism by the researchers or researchers). All three of the trials looked at one type of treatment called 'rhabdomyosarcoma', which is a type of stroke treatment in which the stroke survivors are assigned to one of two or more treatment groups in a random fashion so as to reduce the chance of being put back into the treatment group. These studies looked at three types of treatments: mCIMT (mCIMt), task practice therapy (FES) and manual therapy (manual therapy). All three of these treatments were assessed in the same way, and all three were judged to be of 'low or very low quality. There was 'low to very low-certainty' of the results. This means that the true effect of the treatment may differ a lot from what this review shows. We did not find any evidence that any of the treatments had an impact on the number of people who were able to walk after their stroke. Also, we found no evidence that they had an effect on the range of movement of the arm. This means that we do not know if rehabilitation programmes that are aimed at the upper limb are any more or less likely to have an influence on this outcome.
We searched for randomised trials that assessed the benefits and harms of any treatment for chronic HBV after transplantation. We found four trials, with a total of 136 participants, but we could not find any trials that looked at the use of lamivudine or HBIg in the treatment of HBV in adults. We were not able to draw any conclusions about the benefits or harms of different types of treatments for HBV, and we were unable to draw conclusions about whether or not one type of treatment was better than the other. None of the trials were large, and none of the studies were large enough to show a difference in HBV recurrence.
Searches identified 13,306 citations. Fifteen publications (ten studies) were included, involving 1019 adults with type II or type II diabetes who were followed up for three months to 10 years. All studies had high risk of bias. Sulphonylurea (a type of insulin drug) with or without metformin (a medicine that dissolves sugar in the blood) was not shown to be better than insulin alone at three months and at 12 months of treatment and follow-up. There was evidence that sugary drinkers (i.e. those who drink juice from a syringe) were more likely to gain weight with sugary drinks than those who did not drink these drinks. Sugary drinks were found to be no better or worse in the long term (over three years). There was no evidence that they were any worse or worse than oral drugs. In addition, there was no difference in the number of times insulin was needed for a course of insulin treatment. In the longer term (two years), there was some low blood sugar (glycosylated haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) (blood sugars that help the blood to clot) in about 1.3% of those who took insulin compared with about 2.4% people who took oral drugs, but this may have been due to the fact that the length of the course of treatment was too short.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of any intervention that aimed to change the way in which in- and out-patients were treated. We found 70 RCTs, with a total of 44,958 participants, that met our criteria for inclusion in the meta-analyses. We included 63 studies (42,784 participants) in our meta-analysis, which we judged to be of low or very low quality. The results of this Cochrane review indicate that no evidence suggests that any interventions are effective in the short-term (up to four or more months), although there is some evidence that they may have long-term effects. We have found evidence that changes in how in-and-out students drink, how often and how often, and how much have they drink, may have an impact on whether or not these changes are maintained over time. However, we have not been able to find evidence that these changes have an effect on how often or how often students drink.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the benefits and harms of any type of hip surgery. We found three RCTs involving 492 adults who had had a THA. One RCT (81 adults) looked at whether or not hip surgery was better if the hip was followed up for 12 months after surgery (called 'post-THA') compared with no hip surgery (no hip surgery). Due to the very low quality of evidence, we are uncertain if the provision of hip safety and equipment or restrictions after surgery improved function or quality of life in people who had received THA compared with those who did not receive this. The study did not measure pain score, global assessment of treatment success or total adverse events. One study (265 adults; 303 THAs) examined whether the patients were more or less likely to have hip surgery if their hip was given with or with the use of equipment and restrictions compared to those who were not given this. We are very limited as the quality of the evidence was very low and there were problems with the way the RCT was done. There were no incidences of hip dislocation or adverse events in either group in the first 12 postoperative months. Due to these problems, we cannot be sure if the number of patients who had hip surgery after THA was better in the group that were not provided with this type of surgery. Another study (146 adults; 146 adults) examined how well people were able to function after their THA and how much pain they felt after surgery. This study was very well, but we are very well because the way it was done made it very hard for us to tell whether the people in the control group were as good as those in the hip surgery group. The third RCT did not have any information on how well the surgery was done, so we do not know if it was as good or good as the other two. We did not find any studies that looked at the benefits or harms of other types of surgery, such as hip replacement surgery or surgery to the hip. We cannot tell from the evidence we have whether hip surgery is better or worse in terms of function, pain, health-based health-care outcomes or re-operation rates. The evidence in this review is of very low or low quality. This is due to problems with how the trials were done and the way they were done.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of LNG-IUDs in women with endometriosis. We found three RCTs that looked at the effectiveness of this treatment. Overall, we found that use of an IUD reduced the risk of pain after surgery and the likelihood of having a change in menstruation, but did not seem to decrease the chances of not being able to finish the treatment or the number of women who were not satisfied with their treatment. In one of the trials, there was a reduction in the rate of pain, but this did not reach the level that we thought was important. There was no difference between groups in terms of satisfaction with the use of the IUD. In the one RCT looking at pain, there were no differences between groups. We judged this trial to be at low risk of bias, but the way it was done was not as well designed as we would like and the fact that it did not blind women or their families means that we judged it to be low risk.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effectiveness of any intervention that aimed to change the way in which people eat and drink food or drink. We found 24 RCTs that tested whether changes in how people ate and drank food or drank could change how much or how much people consumed foods or drinks. We also looked at how much and how far people were able to drink and eat, and how much they drank and ate. We included adults and adults who were 18 years of age or over, who were drinking or drinking from a cup or cup with a drink or a drink that was placed farther away from the drink or the snack. We did not look at people who were just as old as those who were 12 years old or over. The evidence is up to date as of March 2017. We compared the effects of changes in the amount of food or drinks we ate or drank to whether or not people wanted to eat or drink those foods or drink or whether they were less or more than those that were more or less likely to be consumed. We looked at whether the change in how much we drank or ate led to changes in our food and drink habits. We were most often able to draw conclusions about how much of the food we were eating or drinking came from the snack or drink, whether it was real food or fake food, and whether it made a change to a healthy food or a less healthy food. Most of the evidence was of low or very low certainty. This means that we are very uncertain about the results.
The aim of this review was to assess the benefits and harms of the use of PEP for people who are at high risk of HIV infection. We searched for randomised, double-blind, multicentre studies that assessed the effects of any antiretroviral drug used to treat HIV infection in adults. We found only one study that looked at the effect of a four-week treatment with PEP on HIV seroconversion. This study found that people who were treated with zidovudine were at higher risk of having HIV virus in their blood, but not in those who were not. However, they were at lower risk of bleeding in their limbs, and had lower chances of having to take a medicine to stop HIV virus from infecting them. There was no evidence that any drug was better than the other. Adverse events were more likely with a three-drug regimen, with indinavir the most frequent. There were no differences in the rates of stopping the drug because of adverse events.
CBT has been used for many years to treat pain and mood but has not been shown to have any effect on quality of life. Behavioural treatments have been thought to have a role and have been used to treat mood.This Cochrane Cochrane Review summarises the findings of one of these Cochrane reviews. After a wide search of the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's trials we found no evidence that any form of cognitive-behavioural therapy has a role.CBT does not seem to be as good as other types of CBT and has small to very weak effects on pain, disability, mood and mood, but there is some evidence that it does have some effect on mood. The quality of the trials that have been done with CBT has improved over time but the quality of treatments has not.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, multicentre randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of any intervention on salt intake in adults. We found 15 RCTs, with more than 260,000 participants, that were suitable for this review. None of the studies were from lower-middle-income or low-income countries. All interventions except one used an uncontrolled pre-post study design. Because of high levels of heterogeneity (i2 > 90%), we were unable to pool results (i.e. data were not pooled). However, 10 of the 15 studies gave us information that we could use in our meta-analysis. Five of these showed that salt intake decreased in people from the pre-intervention to the post-interaction, ranging from 1.15 grams/day less (Finland) to 0.35 grams/a day less (Ireland). Two of the 10 studies showed an increase in salt intake from pre-operation to post-operation: Canada (1.66 kilograms/day more per person) and Switzerland (0.80 grams per day more per participant). However in both countries, the data point was from several years prior to the start of the intervention. The other studies did not show a change. Of those 10 studies, four showed a decrease in salt in men, five men and three men and women. For women, three studies showed no significant change and the other four showed no change. We judged the evidence as very low due to the risk of bias of the trials and differences in the way the research was done.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of any of these drugs compared with a fake drug (placebo). We found seven RCTs, but we were not able to combine many data. Three studies were of high risk of bias, while four were of uncertain risk. All of the trials had a cross-over design. Amitriptyline, clonidine, bromocriptine, propranolol and tryptophan were compared with placebo. These drugs were the only drugs that could be compared directly with placebo (fake drug). These were the drugs that we were most able to include in the meta-analyses. We found that, compared with the fake drug, these drugs were no more or less likely to cause bruxism (worsening of the symptoms) in the short-term (i.e. six weeks). These drugs may have had some side-effects, such as headaches, dizziness, nausea and dizziness. We could not tell whether or not they had any side effects that were serious enough that led to a change in the conclusions we had made. None of the drugs caused us to have very much doubt about the reliability of our findings. The evidence from this review is up to date as of June 2013.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the benefits and harms of any form of omega-3 fatty acids for people with CID. We found 10 RCTs involving 1015 adults that met our inclusion criteria. These studies were heterogeneous in nature and varied in several ways, with the type of intervention, type and duration of the intervention, and the type and length of treatment. We assessed some of the studies as having high risk of bias due to methodological shortcomings. For the main outcome of death, we found no evidence that the use of an immunonutrition enteral formula or adding extra supplements of Omega-3 fat acids (i.e. eicosapentaenic acid, docosahexaenoic acid or gamma-linolenic acid) changed the risk of death. For other outcomes, we are not sure whether immunonutric acid or other fatty acids had an impact on death due to CID due to any cause. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low to very low. This was due to problems with the way the trials were designed and conducted.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo controlled trials (RCTs) of AEs in adults. We found 33 RCTs that looked at whether any method was better than any other in terms of whether or not AEs were found. We also looked at how the methods were described and how they were assessed. We were able to combine the findings from two of these studies, which showed that more of the AEs found were found when an AE interview was used, while some less severe, bothersome, or clinically relevant AEs appeared to be found when other types of AE were only looked at. However, we were not able to tell whether one method was clearly better than the other. There was a risk that the way in which questions were asked made it more likely that AEs would be missed. This means that in the long term, we could not be sure whether the methods used in the research led to more or less AEs. This review found that there were a lot of flaws in the way these studies were done, and it was difficult to tell how well they were done. Any method used in these studies had a high risk of bias. This makes it hard to know whether it led to better AEs or not.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the effect of any type of antiepileptic treatment on the risk of developing SUDEP in adults with epilepsy. We searched for RCTs up to March 2017. We found 10 studies that were suitable for this review. We assessed all of these as having high risk of bias (that is, there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of favouritism by the researchers or researchers or favouring one treatment over the other). We found one RCT that met our criteria for inclusion in the review. This RCT assessed the effects of devices used to detect SUDEP but did not measure whether or not they prevented SUDEP. This evidence is up to date as of April 2017. The evidence from this RCT is of very low to very low quality. This means that we are very uncertain about the usefulness of these devices and about whether they are safe. This is due to the very low-quality of the RCT.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of autogenic drainage in adults with cystic fibrosis. We found seven RCTs, involving 208 adults with CF, that met our inclusion criteria. The age of participants ranged from seven to 63 years with a wide range of disease severity. Six studies enrolled adults who were clinically stable; one of these had been hospitalised with an infective flare-up (exacerbation). The length of the trials ranged from four days to two years. All the trials compared autogenic drain drainage with one or more other types of airway clearance techniques. There were no studies that looked at whether autogenic drains were better than no drain use. The main reasons for downgrading the quality of the evidence were the frequent use of cross-over design (i.e. people in the control group were not blind to the type of drainage technique used) and the fact that in some of the studies, people with CF who were not in the drainage group were treated as outpatients. There is a need for a large, well-conducted RCT to assess the benefits and harms of autologous drainage. Autogenic drainage is a challenging technique that requires commitment from the individual. As such, this intervention needs to be assessed in a large-scale RCT.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, controlled trials (RCTs) looking at the effectiveness of any form of psychological therapy in the short-term treatment of GAD. We found 25 RCTs, with a total of 1305 participants, that looked at the long-term effects of psychological therapies. We were able to combine data from 22 studies (1060 adults) in meta-analyses. Based on 13 of these, we found that, compared with treatment with other types of psychotherapy, people with GAD who were treated with CBT were more likely to have a good response (i.e. a decrease in the number of people who responded to the treatment) and also to have good quality of life (e.g. less pain or less pain at the end of the treatment). We were not able to draw conclusions about which form of CBT was the most effective in treating GAD, however, this may have been due to differences in the way the trials were done. We also found that when we looked at groups of adults who were not included in the meta-analysis, we were less able to tell whether or not the CBT treatment was more or less effective than other forms of therapy. We believe that this is due to the fact that in some of the trials, both the therapist and the therapist were aware of which group the patient was in, and this could have had an influence on the results. We think that this might have led to imprecision in the findings. Also, we think that it may have made it more likely that the people in the control group would have known which group they were in.
Twelve trials (1,856 women) were included in the review. Eight of the studies (884 women) compared progestogen treatment with a fake medicine (placebo). The other four of the trials (639 women) looked at progestogens compared to no treatment. The trials were a mix of multicentre and one-centre trials. In five trials women had had three or more consecutive miscarriages and in the other, in the same way, women had suffered two or more of these miscarriages. The meta-analysis of all the trials, suggests that there may be a reduction in the number of miscarriages for women who received progestins compared to placebo or no progestin. A subgroup of trials (1684 participants) that looked at women who had already had one or more miscarriages, as well as the subgroup that did not have any miscarries, showed no clear differences between groups for miscarriage. None of the included trials looked at any of the other outcomes that are important for women and their families, such as the severity of morning sickness, thromboembolic events, depression, admission to a special care unit, or later fertility. Overall, the trials were at low risk of bias for most domains.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of psychosocial treatment in women with a pre-term birth or birthweight less than 1500 g and a low birth weight. We found 14 RCTs with 1298 women. Nine studies (704 women) looked at the effects of CM or MIB versus control. Five of these studies (594 women) compared MIB with control. We did not find any studies that looked at other types of psychological treatment. For the main part, it was unclear if studies were well controlled for bias in their studies as such information was not often reported. We assessed risk of bias in the studies and found that there were problems with the way some of the trials were done. Overall, the quality of the evidence was low to moderate. The evidence from this review suggests that there is no difference in treatment outcomes to address drug use in pregnant women with the use of psychological treatments, when taken in the presence of other comprehensive care options. However, few studies looked at obstetrical or neonatal outcomes and rarely did so in a systematic way, which made it difficult to assess the effect of these interventions on these outcomes. It is important to develop a better evidence base to assess psycho-psychosocial modalities of treatment in this group of women.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of the transradial approach for CA and PCI in CAD. We found 31 RCTs involving 27,071 patients. The risk of bias in the studies was low or unclear for several domains. Compared with the transfemoral (through a vein or a vein into a vein) approach, we found that, on the short-term (i.e. up to 30 days of follow-up) the method reduced the risk of myocardial infarction, heart failure, and death in the short term. On the other hand, our results showed that the method had a higher risk of all-cause death, bleeding, and access site complications. Transradial method for CA or PCI (or both) in CAD may reduce short- and long-term risk of non-cardiac events and non-fatal events. We did not find enough high- or very low- or moderate- or both high- and low- to very low quality evidence.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effect of a palliative care programme for adults with dementia. We found two RCTs that were at high risk of bias (i.e. there were people in the study who knew the intervention and who were not in the control group) and bias (there were people who did not know the group to which the intervention was applied). We found that a palative care plan was more likely to be applied in the intervention group than in the group that did not have one. People in the pallative care group were more than twice as likely to have a decision aid that allowed them to make a choice about whether or not to eat or drink in the evening. We did not find any evidence that the patalative care had an effect on death in the hospital or on the care they were receiving. We also found no evidence that it had an impact on the quality of life of people in hospital or their carers. We judged the certainty of the evidence to be very low. This was due to problems with the way both studies were done and run. We were not able to tell whether the interventions led to improvements in outcomes such as death or the health of the families and carers, and it was not clear whether they led to changes in the way in which people with dementia were cared for in the care home. We think that this is an area that needs more research.
This review of three well-conducted randomised trials did not find evidence that any one method was better than the other for improving survival from breast cancer. There was some evidence that the use of chemoradiation around the time of surgery increased anaemia, telangiectasia (i.e. lack of blood in the breast) and pigmentation but this did not seem to have a major impact on the length of time the cancer took to get worse. There were no data to show which method was the best for women with breast cancer and so we do not know which is the best.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effect of CrP on body weight, body mass index, body fat and change in waist circumference up to 24 weeks. We found nine RCTs involving a total of 622 adults who were overweight or obese. The trials were small, with short-term (12 to 16 weeks) follow up. Three trials compared CrP plus resistance or weight training with placebo; the other three trials looked at CrP alone. The evidence is up to date as of March 2017. We did not find evidence that CrP increases body weight or body fat. We also looked at body weight and body fat, body weight gain and body weight loss and found no evidence that one CrP dose was better than the other. There was some low- to very low-quality evidence that crP may have an effect on body fat in people who are obese. However, we did find some moderate- to high- or moderate- or even high-quality studies that did not measure body weight. There were no studies that measured death from any cause or quality of life. There is a need for good-quality research to find out if CrP is safe and effective in obese adults.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at treatments for foot ulcers in adults with diabetes. We found 11 RCTs with a total of 886 adults. These looked at a variety of treatments, some of which were simple, such as a dress, dress and/or wound dress, and some that were more complex, like an antiseptics (such as a skin patch). There was some low- to very low-to-very low-quality evidence that there was no difference in the time to wound healing for any of the treatments. There was also some evidence that the use of a honey-soaked gauze appeared to help the wound to heal more quickly and there was some moderate- to low- or very low quality evidence that more Dermacym®-treated post-operative foot wounds in people with diabetes healed when treated with a honey gauze compared with those treated with iodine. However, these findings were based on just one RCT that had 43 adults and were judged to have a high risk of bias. Therefore, we judged them to be of moderate to low quality. We did not find any studies that looked at antiseptic treatments.
We searched for randomised randomised trials that looked at the effectiveness of any of these three types of procedure. We found five randomised studies with a total of 1049 women. We were not able to find any evidence that any of the three techniques were any more or less safe than the others. The same applies to terbutaline tocolysis and use of the technique used in conjunction with CVS. In the absence of clear evidence, the operator should continue to use the methods and techniques that they are most aware of and that have been shown to be safe.
We searched for randomised and non-RCTs that looked at the effects of different types of micronutrients. We found 10 randomised trials that were randomised or non-rCTs. Five of these studies were RCTs (1182 adults) and three studies were non-randomised trials (1181 adults, 8037 live births). One study was an RCT, and the other three were time series (ITS) studies (studies in which data are collected at multiple time points, such as two weeks and 36 months). We found that the use of folic acid-fortified maize porridge resulted in fewer neural tube defects, spina bifida, and encephalocoele compared to unfortified flour. However, none of the trials looked at whether the babies of women who had been given maize flour were less well-nourished or had a lower risk of bleeding in the brains of the babies. There was no difference in the risk of neurological tube defects between those who had received a folate- fortified porridge and those who received a non-folic acid porridge. Women who received maize flour fortified with folate did not have more protein in their blood compared to those who did not receive folate. The quality of the evidence was very low to low. This was due to risk of bias in the way the trials were designed and conducted. This means that we cannot be completely confident in the results.
We searched for randomised trials that assessed the effects of screening for CF on lung and airway diseases. We found two trials involving 1,124,483 neonates (210 with CF) with a total of 17 years of age. Only data from one of these trials could be analysed. Screening was better in the chest X-ray test at age seven, with 88% of screened adults and 75% of those not screened having lung function tests that were within the range of at least 89% predicted. Over time, the X-rays of the lungs were worse in the screened group. In screened adults, the growth of Pseudomonas aeruginosa (a fungal virus that lives in the gut) colonised the colon earlier. This may have been due to the fact that in the group not screened, colonisation of the gut occurred earlier. We did not have enough data to know whether screened adults were more or less likely to require help with feeding, and whether they were less or more malnourished. However, screened adults did seem to have less weight gain and were more likely to have good blood flow through their lungs. They may have had less need for help with food.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the benefits and harms of lower systolic blood pressure goals in adults with diabetes. We found five RCTs, with a total of 7314 participants. These trials were small, with an average of 4.5 years of age, and were generally of low or very low risk of bias. Only one trial (ACCORD) looked at 'lower' (< 120 mmHg) or'standard' blood pressures and found no differences between the two groups. The other four trials (ABD-H, AKD-N, ABCD-2V, and a subgroup of HOT) looked specifically at 'low' and'very low' blood pressure blood pressures. Despite the effects of blood pressures, we found that, in the long term, people with diabetes who took lower blood pressures had about one-seventh of the risk of having a stroke. This may have been due to the fact that the blood pressures in the target groups were too low. There was a trend to a lower risk of death in the group that took low blood pressure, but this did not seem to be the case in the control group. Also, there were more adverse events in the DBP group than in the SBP group. We found no difference between the groups for any of the other measures we looked at. Overall, we did not find any difference in the number of deaths in the groups that took part in the trials.
This Cochrane Cochrane Review summarises the results of 14 randomised, non-removable trials of plantar foot ulcer surgery. Fourteen randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 779 participants were eligible for inclusion in the review. Seven of these RCTs (366 participants) looked at the effects of non-relovable casts. In five of those studies non-Removable casts healed more of the ulcers than with dressers alone. In two studies (98 adults) more ulcers healed when combined with a cast than with a dressing alone. More ulcers remained healed at two years in this group. Other comparisons, such as surgery for ulcers, felt fitted to the foot, felted foam dressers and footwear, did not show any evidence of a beneficial effect in favour of the intervention. Non-removing casts are more likely to heal foot ulcers when used together with other types of pressure-relieving casts.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the effects of any type of non-medicines (e.g. cognitive-behavioural therapies) in cancer patients. We found five RCTs (involving a total of 235 participants) that met the inclusion criteria for the review. Each study focused on breast cancer survivors. All five studies were rated as having a high risk of bias (that is, there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of favouritism by the researchers or researchers). We found that non-drug non-pharmacological interventions may have the potential to reduce the risk of, or ameliorate, cognitive impairment in cancer patient groups other than women with breast cancer. However, we found no evidence that this was the case for women with systemic cancer. There was some low- to very low-to-very low-certainty evidence that mental well-being improved in people who received cognitive training. This finding was not found in those who were put on a 'wait list' (i.e. those who received no treatment) or who were placed on a wait-list. We judged this evidence to be of low or very low quality.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at the effects of chlorpromazine and piperacetazine for schizophrenia. We found five RCTs, all from the 1970s, randomising 343 participants. We did not find any long-term trials that looked at the effectiveness of these drugs. Trials were of short-term duration (12 weeks or less) and most were of poor or very low quality. The results of this Cochrane Cochrane Schizophrenia review show that, in terms of mental state improvement, there was no clear evidence of a clear difference in effectiveness when the drugs were compared with each other. Chlorpromazine was found to be no worse or better than the other drugs used in the trials. In both treatment groups, around 60% of participants had some sort of side effects, with the most common side effects being parkinsonism-type movement disorders. No evidence was found of change in the costs of the drug or in how well the drug worked. The findings of this review are based on very small numbers of people and therefore they are very limited. We can not make firm conclusions based on such data. Currently, should clinicians and people with schizophrenia need to choose which drug to take, they should be aware there is no good evidence to make decisions based on. More high quality research is needed.
We searched for randomised trials that compared the use of a colorectal stent to emergency surgery. We found five trials with a total of 207 adults, 102 in the stent group and 105 in the emergency surgery group. There were no differences in the number of deaths in the 30 days after surgery (2.3%) but there were more deaths at 30 days in the surgery group (1.2%) and at 30 weeks in the group that had emergency surgery (3.55%). The average time after surgery was 0.66 day shorter in the colic group and 3.55 days in those who had a stent. This was the same for both groups. The colic stent was found in 86.02% of the people having an emergency surgery and 5.88% in those having a colic surgery. The stent had to be placed in the colonic group about five times as often as in the treatment group. The reason for this is not clear. There was no difference between the two groups in the percentage of people who died within 30 days of surgery, but this was about the same in both groups, 2.3% in the main group and 2.5% in that group. This is probably due to the fact that there were so few events in the first half of the trial. The length of stay in hospital was 11.53 days for the main stent and was 17.15 days for emergency surgery, the mean procedure/operation time was 113.93 minutes in the constrictor group and was 45. The median blood loss was 50 ml in the stool group and 350 ml (about 350 ml) in the intervention group. In addition to this, there were no data on the need for blood transfusions. The use of colonic stents appears to increase the chances that the bowel will be re-cleared and may or may not increase the risk of needing a repeat colostomy, but we do not know if this is the case.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at OHSS in women who were at high risk of OHSS. We included nine RCTs (1867 women) in this review. We did not find any studies that examined OHSS with no treatment. We found some very low to very low- to moderate-quality studies that were of very low or very low quality. There was some low-to-very low-quality research data that showed that, compared with no intervention, the use of a HES or mannitol may prevent OHSS for up to one year. There were also some evidence that HES may reduce OHSS up to three years after the endometriosis has developed. However, there was evidence that there was no effect on the chances of pregnancy. We also found some moderate- to very moderate- or low- or high- or both- or very-low- or moderate-or-high- or all-cause studies that showed no evidence of an effect on OHSS, and we were not able to tell whether or not there were any differences in OHSS rates. We were unable to draw conclusions about the effect of HES because there were only a few studies, and they were all very small. We thought the fact that they were not very large or large, or that they did not give the same results, made it hard for us to draw any conclusions.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo-controlled trials of sclerosants in people with varicose veins. We found 10 studies involving 484 people. There was no evidence to show that any one scleroid was more effective than any other. However, there was some evidence that polidocanol (an anticoagulant drug) was more likely to cause side effects than other sclerotic drugs, and that the drug was no more painful than placebo. We did not find evidence that patients were more satisfied with sclerotherapy than with placebo, but there was evidence that people were less satisfied with placebo. There were no data to show whether any sclerotics were more or less effective than other types of treatment. We also found no information on the safety of any one agent over the other.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the effects of any medicine used to treat high blood potassium levels. We found seven RCTs involving 241 adults with at risk of CVD. We were not able to combine the results of these trials due to differences in the types of medicine used and the way the studies were done. No study looked at the effect of medicines on important outcomes such as death or cardiac arrhythmias; however, there is evidence that several commonly used medicines, such as salbutamol or insulin-dextrose, can reduce high blood levels. Intravenous (4 mg) and nebulised (10 mg) herbal medicine showed similar effects, although the results showed that the inhaled herbal medicine was more effective than the oral medicine bicarbonate. There was no evidence that any medicine was better than another.
Thirty-nine studies, enrolling 4216 adults, were included in this review, but there were problems with the design of 30 of these studies that we judged to be of low or very low risk of bias. Antimiotics are known to cause blood clots in the veins and so they may be used to treat these clots. Antibiotics are often used to seal the catheters, but antimiotics are not as safe as antimiotics and have less risk of thrombosis (blood clots). Antimicrobiotics may also cause the clots to break free and need to be re-inserted if they break free or become lodged in the catheter. However, there is a lot of information in these types of studies that does not allow us to draw conclusions about whether or not antimicrobials are safe and whether they are any more or less likely to cause clots than other types of antibiotics or non-antibiotics.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effectiveness of pre-emptive therapy to reduce the risk of CMV disease in adults. We found 15 RCTs, with a total of 1098 adults. Six studies looked at preemptive treatment versus placebo or standard care, eight looked at antiviral prophylaxis, and one looked at oral and intramusical therapy. The results showed that, when given to adults with CMV up to six months before the time of the CMV entry into the study, the risk for CMV development was reduced by 50% to 60%. There were no differences in the risks of all-cause death, graft loss, acute rejection or death from any cause. Leucopenia (infection of the blood) was the most frequent cause of adverse events, but this did not seem to be a cause of harm. Other adverse events did not differ between groups or were not reported. There was not enough information about other adverse events or how the RCT was done. This is an update of a Cochrane Cochrane review first published in 2013. We included five new studies in this update. This review includes five new RCT studies, so there are now 15 studies with 1098 participants. The findings of this review show that, compared with placebo or usual care, giving treatment to adults who have CMV in the early stages of the study can prevent CMV. There are no differences between groups in terms of the number of people who get CMV and in the first six months after entry to the trial, the first week after entry and the first month after entry, or the first 12 months. There is also no difference between groups for other than those who did not get the treatment, who did and did not, and this is an issue that should be addressed.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) evaluating the effects of sweet potato for type 2 diabetes mellitus. We found three RCTs that looked at the effect of sweet pancreas, heart and blood sugar levels. The trials were of unclear or high risk of bias. All three trials were performed by the same trialist. There were a total of 140 participants in all three trials. There was a very low glycosylation haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) level in the blood at three to five months with 4 g/day sweet potato preparation compared to placebo. No serious side effects were reported. Diabetic complications and mortality, death from any cause, health-related quality of life, well-being, functional outcomes and costs were not investigated. We concluded that there was not enough information to draw conclusions about the usefulness of sweet spoon.
We searched for studies up to March 2015 and found 19 studies, with a mean age of 22.33 years (mean age 22.5 years). However, there were two long-term randomised studies with a follow up of one to three years. These were cross-over (i.e. studies in which the intervention was applied in a random way) and did not blind participants or the people who assessed the effects of the treatment to the type of breathing technique used. This could have been due to people knowing whether they were in the treatment group or the group that was not in the control group, or due to the fact that we could not tell whether the treatments were being used or not. However, most of the studies reported on all planned outcomes, had adequate follow up, assessed compliance, and used an approach called 'intention-to-treat' (how well the treatments worked). Overall, we found that people with cystic fibrosis who used the treatment were more satisfied with the treatment than those who did not. Some preferred autogenic drainage (where air is pumped through the lungs in a mask), and more preferred the use of autogenic ventilators (in which air is pushed out from the lungs into the lungs). People who used autogenic drains were more comfortable with the treatments than those that used airway oscillators. There was no difference in lung function, quality of life, physical fitness, and the number of lung flare-ups (involving a sputum or oxygenation), whether the treatment was used, or whether it was used in conjunction with other types of treatment. All other outcomes were either not measured or had too few participants to be sure that they were important. Overall, there was not a lot of data. We found that the quality of evidence for the effect of the therapy on lung function and preference was very low. This was due to limitations in the way the trials were done and reported.
Eight RCTs with 733 women in total were found that looked at whether brief co-incubation of sperm and oocytes (co-co-injections of sperm or oocytes into the uterus) could improve the chances of having a live birth or a higher pregnancy rate for infertile women undergoing IVF or ICSI. The evidence from the trials was of low or very low quality. This means that we cannot be sure that future research will find the same results. The low- to very low-quality of evidence from this Cochrane Review has shown that the use of short co-insemination with oocytes may lead to a higher live birth rate and a lower miscarriage rate.
The review of trials found that infants ventilated for a long time (longer than 24 hours) have an increased risk of air leak in the lungs and death. This finding was found in the first few days after birth (up to 24 weeks) and in the longer term (more than 24 weeks). Infants ventilated with a long IT did not seem to have the same risk of BPD, but this may have been due to problems with the way the trials were done. Longer ITs should be avoided in newborns who are not well ventilated.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of TFU in adults with cancer. We found 33 RCTs involving 5110 patients. There is a large variety in the way the TFU is done (the way TFU was done, the health providers who were involved, the number of days and hours, the length of time it was done and the way it was measured). Many of the outcomes were measured in many different ways, but only a few were measured across more than one study. This means that we were not able to combine the results of many of the studies. Due to differences in the ways the studies were done, we were unable to draw any firm conclusions. However, although some studies found that the intervention had favourable effects for some outcomes, we found that TFU appears to be no more or no less effective than control groups. In summary, we do not have enough high quality RCT data to draw conclusions.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo controlled trials that looked at the effectiveness of any type of intervention that aimed to keep participants in the trial and did not aim to keep them in the treatment group. We found 38 randomised studies that were randomised to either a'money-for-money' (money is money that is not money) or'money for a test test' programme. We also found one large, well-conducted study that was open-blinded (that is, people and their families were not aware of the type of treatment) and one study that used an 'open-blind' design (people and their carers were not allowed to know whether they were in the study or not). We found six broad types of interventions that were likely to help keep people in the control group. These were incentives, communication strategies, new questionnaire forms, behaviour and the way in which questionnaires were filled out. For 34 of the studies, we found that people were more than twice as likely to leave the trial if they were offered a cash reward for the test or a test with a voucher. For four of these, the reasons for people to leave were not very clear. There was no evidence that any of the strategies that we looked at were any more or less effective than other types of treatment. We did not find any good evidence that the extra of a non-monetary incentive, the use of reminders, or a 'package' of questionnaires and a'mail-to-mail' form were any better than just the same. We could not tell whether one method was better than the other. We were not able to draw conclusions about the best way to keep patients in the trials because of the lack of data. There is a need for good-quality research in this area.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of an airway device to deliver artificial ventilation. We found eight RCTs that involved 829 adults (416 in the pLMA and 413 in the cLMA groups). We found six cross-over (cross-over) studies, one is still ongoing and has not been published, and data related to the first treatment period for the other five studies were not yet available. We did not find any studies that compared devices with each other. We are uncertain about the effects of airway devices in terms of failure of oxygenation or ventilator support because there were very few events. Results were uncertain in relation to failure to insert the device, use of other devices, mucosal injury, sore throat, bronchospasm, gastric insufflation, regurgitation, coughing, and excessive leak of the airway. None of the studies reported postoperative nausea and vomiting as an outcome. The quality of evidence for all outcomes, as assessed by the GRADE score, is low. This was due to the fact that a large number of the trials were small and had some risk of bias.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of probiotics in children with irritable bowel syndrome. We found 19 RCTs, with a total of 1453 participants. Fifteen of these studies were not included in the original review. Fourteen of the trials recruited children with a type of RAP known as 'immunocompromised bowel syndrome', and five of the studies included only children with this type of gut disorder. The mean age at the time of enrolment ranged from 6.3 years to 13.1 years. Participants were aged between four and 18 years from eight countries and were recruited largely from paediatric gastroenterology clinics. Girls outnumbered boys in most trials. The studies were of four types: probiotics based on probiotics (13 studies), fibre-based interventions (four studies), low FODMAP (disaccharides and polyols) diets (one study), and diets restricted to a high fibre diet (one trial). We found that children treated with probiotics were more than twice as likely to have improved pain at zero to three months after the end of treatment. There was also a decrease in pain intensity at the same time point in the probiotics group. However, we judged the quality of the evidence for these outcomes to be of low or very low quality. This was due to problems with the way the trials were done and run.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of mass media interventions in people with mental health problems. We found 22 RCTs involving 4490 participants. All were randomised trials (studies in which participants are assigned to one of two or more treatment groups in a random manner) and 19 of the 22 studies had data that could be used in this meta-analysis. The findings from the five trials with the main results (1196 participants) were mixed, with effects showing a reduction, increase or consistent with no evidence of effect. The results from the three studies with the same results showed that mass media programmes may have a small to medium effect in the short-term (i.e. for one week to nine months) and medium- or long-term. The studies were very heterogeneous, in their populations, interventions and outcomes, and we were not able to draw conclusions about how much of an impact they had on costs or how much they had an impact on the costs. Our review found few studies in middle- and low-income countries, or with employers or health providers as the target group, and none targeted at children or adolescents. The main findings of our review are limited by the quality of the evidence, which was low for the main outcome measures for which we were able to analyse data, low for side effects and very low for costs.
We searched for randomised, well-conducted studies that looked at whether or not women had access to an antenatal care service or not. We searched for studies up to March 2016. We included 85 studies in our synthesis. Forty-six of these looked at the views and experiences of healthy pregnant or postnatal women, 17 of these explored the views of healthcare providers and 22 of these focused on the experiences of both women and healthcare providers. The studies took place in 41 countries, with eight high-income countries, 18 middle-income and 15 low-income nations, in rural, urban and semi-urban areas. We grouped studies into three thematic groups: 1. Women’s perceptions of the quality of the care they received; whether they used the care or not; and 2. What they thought and how they viewed the care offered. 3. How up-to-date and well-known the care was to women and staff. What did we find out? We found that for women, initial or continued use of an antiretroviral care service depends on a perception that doing so will be a positive experience. This is a result of the provision of good-quality, self-help-based, personalised supportive care, and information and safety. Whether they continue to use an ANC for the first time or not depends on their experience of how good that care was and how empowered they were when they looked for it. Whether or not healthcare providers were able to do their job well and well, they did not need to be, and whether they were supported in their work. This means that no one way was as good as the other than the other. What we found We also looked at how up to date and how sure we were of the findings. What are the main findings of this Cochrane review? We have summarised the findings of the studies we have included in the review. We have grouped them into three areas: (1. Women's views of the value of the health care; (2. How likely they were to use the care; how much they believed that it was good; and (3. How sure they were of it); whether or how confident they were in the way it was provided; 4. What do we think will happen to the women and their families; 5. How satisfied we are with what we found? We think that the evidence from this review is of high- or moderate-certainty.
Sixteen studies involving 3361 patients were included in the review; three of these studies were of magnesium sulphate in addition to nimodipine. Calcium antagonists reduced the risk of 'poor outcome' and secondary ischaemia in patients with SAH (5'-S)-thioadenosine). Calcium antagonist drugs have not been shown to be effective in the treatment of SAH and therefore they cannot be recommended for routine use on the basis of the evidence in this review.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at the role of myeloablative drugs in the treatment of childhood cancer. We found three RCTs (studies in which participants are assigned to one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 739 patients. The first update of this Cochrane Cochrane review found no new studies. The previous review found one new study that looked at the effects of therapy on event-free survival, but this study did not report on this aspect of the review. We also found one other RCT that reported on this topic. This RCT was of high risk of bias and did not find any difference between the treatment groups in terms of risk of death from cancer or any cause. The meta-analysis of secondary malignant disease and treatment-related death did not show any differences between the two groups. There was a higher risk of infection and sepsis in the myeloplative group in one RCT, but there was no evidence of a difference in the risk between the different groups. None of the trials looked at quality of life. All three studies had problems with their design or conduct that could have led to bias. Therefore, we judged the quality of the studies to be very low.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the benefits and harms of TACE followed by 3-DCRT compared with TACE alone. We found eight RCTs with a total of 632 adults. The mean age ranged from 16 years to 78 years. The average age of men ranged from 60% to 75% and the percentage of people with stage III primary hepatocellular carcinoma ranged from 22% to 85%. Follow-up duration was 12 months (2 months to 38 months). We found low- to very low-to-very low-certainty data for all-cause death and tumour response. The results on non-serious adverse events were as follows: TACE with 3-dCRT may be associated with less death and more tumour growth. However, this may have been due to a higher rise of bilirubin levels in the blood of participants in the TACE group, which may have contributed to the higher risk of side-effects. The number of people who developed leukopenia (blood cancers) and serum transaminases (blood proteins that help the blood to clot) was similar in both groups, but these were from one trial only. None of the trials assessed the risk of death from any cause or cancer growth. The evidence for the effect of adding TACE to TACE was of very low to low certainty. This was due to high risk of bias and imprecision of the results.
No trials were found that looked at the benefits and harms of increasing energy intake for preterm neonates with CLD/BPD. However, one study showed that those who were fed formula enriched with protein and minerals had improved in the short term (three months) and up to three months of corrected age. The other showed that both groups were not able to achieve the pre-designated feed volumes and that there were no differences in growth, lung function, oedema (swelling) and the diuretic (blood) requirements. There were no data to assess the effects of different levels of energy intake on this group of neonates. More research is needed in this area.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, well-conducted randomised controlled trials (RCTs) evaluating the use of subclavian vein N = 3 or low for catheters. We found 13 RCTs enrolling 2341 participants (and with 2360 procedures) that met our inclusion criteria. The quality of the trials was very low to very low. Most of the studies were of unclear risk of bias across the six domains, and heterogeneity among the studies was significant. For the subclava vein (nine studies, 2030 adults, 2049 procedures), the risk of an arterial puncture was reduced by two-thirds (three trials, 498 participants). No evidence was found of a difference in total or in the rate of haematoma (blood in the veins) or first-time (US) success rates or the time taken to insert the catheter. No difference was found in terms of length of stay in the operating room or need for blood transfusions. No data were found on quality of life, need for haemodialysis or the need for a repeat catheter placement. The risk of accidental arterial patellofemoral vein ( femoral vein or femoral artery N = 1) was also reduced by one-seventh (1.5%) for all outcomes (femoral veins N = 2) and high at best for two of these. No studies were found of any of the other outcomes (total or other adverse events) that are listed in this review. The evidence from the trials included in this meta-analysis is of very low or very low quality. This means that we are very uncertain about the results.
This is an update of a Cochrane review first published in 2013. We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to March 2015. We found 15 RCTs that looked at the benefits and harms of treatments for ALS. We were able to combine the results from four of these, but the evidence from the other four, which used different types of treatment, was not sufficient to draw conclusions. There were no studies that used the oral form of intravenous infusion. Intravenous infusion There are no results from the trials of the intravenous form. The best dose of physostigmine was found to be more than twice that of the control group in two of the four studies of the controlled-release method. There was no improvement in the ADAS-Cog score (a measure of how well the body knows how well it has been treated) in the group treated with intravenous infusions, but there were more side effects (nausea, diarrhoea, anorexia, dizziness, stomach pain, flatulence or sweating). There were more people in the treatment group who dropped out of the trial due to side effects. There is a need for good-quality, well-conducted studies to look at the effects of different forms of treatment for ALS in this group of people.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of fibrates in adults with CVD. We found 13 RCTs involving a total of 16,112 adults. Eleven trials recruited adults with a risk of CVD, two of these had a high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of favouritism by the investigators or researchers), and one of the trials had a low risk of systematic error (there was a chance of arriving at the wrong conclusions, because of play of chance). The evidence from the trials we included in our meta-analysis showed that people who had a fibrate had about one-seventh of the risk of having a stroke. This means that, out of 100 people with a stroke, one in eight would have a stroke if they had a clofibrate, compared with about one in 10 with a fake (fake) drug. We did not find evidence that a fibate was any more or less likely to cause a heart attack or death. We also did not have evidence that it prevented heart attacks or strokes in the long term. We were not able to draw conclusions about death from any cause, death due to any cause or any other cause, or death from heart disease or any cause of stroke. We judged the quality of the evidence for the primary outcome of non-fatal stroke or death to be very low. This was mainly due to the fact that there were problems with the way the trials were done.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the benefits and harms of prophylactic uterotonics in healthy women or those at high risk of bleeding after elective CS. We found 12 RCTs involving 3285 healthy women who were at low risk of excessive blood loss. Three trials (832 women) contributed data to the review. All the trials were randomised, which means that women in the treatment groups did not know whether they were in the TA or no group and this might have had an influence on the results. Overall, we found that taking TA reduced the risk of blood loss from the first day after giving birth (two hours postpartum) in the group having a CS more than in the control group (five trials, 1186 women). This effect was the same for both CS and non-CS women. The effect of TA on blood loss greater than 500 mL or 400 mL was more pronounced in women who had a CS but not in those who had not. This result was not found in women having a vaginal birth. The risk of side effects, such as nausea, dizziness and drowsiness, was less with TA than with no intervention or placebo or no treatment. However, this finding was based on only three of the 12 studies we looked at. We judged this to be of low or very low quality. We did not find any evidence that taking a uterotonic after CS makes a woman more or less likely to need a blood transfusion.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing amantadine with placebo (fake drug), paracetamol or zanamivir. We found 12 RCTs (studies in which participants are assigned to one of two or more treatment groups in a random manner) with 4994 adults (1586 children and 908 adults) with influenza A. The mean age of participants ranged from 15 years to 82 years. The average age in the control group was 66 years and 79 years in the rimantadines group. The evidence is up to date as of March 2016. The risk of flu A in children and adults is about 10 per 100. This means that for every 100 people with flu A who were treated with rRITs, one child will get flu A. In the rituximab group, the risk of influenza A in the first three days of treatment is about one per 100 people. The same for the other two groups is about the same. The quality of the studies was low to very low. The main weakness of the evidence was imprecision.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effect of an endometrial injury on live birth or pregnancy. We found nine RCTs, with a total of 1512 women. Most of these women were undergoing IUI and in two of them the women were trying to conceive from sexual sex. Eight trials (994 women) looked at women who had an IUI for the first time. Two of these trials also looked at whether the endometriosis was done in the same way as the IUI. We did not find any evidence that the use of endometrine before IUI was any more or less safe and effective than the same IUI with the same injury. When we looked at hysteroscopy with endometric surgery alone, there was no evidence of a change in the chances of pregnancy or in the chance of having a live birth. There was no difference between the groups in terms of pain during the procedure. We are very uncertain whether endometritis affects chances of live birth/ongoing pregnancy as the quality of the evidence has been assessed as very low. The quality of evidence was very low for both live birth and live birth due to imprecision of the results. The evidence is up to date as of March 2016.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the benefits and harms of any form of oral care. We found four RCTs, all of which were at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of favouritism by the healthcare providers or researchers). We were not able to determine whether professional oral care was more or less likely to cause nasal pharyngolaryngitis (nausea and mouth dryness) in the first 18 months after entry to the nursing home compared with usual care. There was low-quality evidence from one RCT (834 adults) that professional care may reduce the risk of the first episode of pneumonia in nursing homes. We were uncertain whether or not professional care had an impact on death due to any cause over 24-month follow-up. Only one of the trials assessed the side effects of professional care. The evidence from this study was of very low quality. We did not find any high- or low- or very low-or-high- or both. This was due to problems with the way the RCT was done.
Five RCTs (149 participants) were included in this review. These studies assessed bismuth subsalicylate versus placebo, budesonide, mesalazine and beclometasone dipropionate. These were judged to be of low to very low risk of bias. Budesonide (9 mg/day for 6 to 8 weeks) was found to be more effective than placebo for induction of clinical and histological response. The evidence for this finding is of low quality due to the very small size of the trials and the fact that there were problems with the way they were done. However, the evidence from the one RCT that looked at the effect of mesalamide versus placebo on clinical response and histologics (i.e. growth of tumour size) is of very low to high quality. This is due to problems with how the RCT was done and the way it was done.
We searched for randomised trials that assessed the effects of self-monitoring of blood sugar levels in adults with type 2 diabetes who are not using insulin. We found 12 randomised controlled trials that looked at outcomes in 3259 patients. We were able to combine data from nine of these trials, which showed that self-control of blood glucose levels in the first year of follow-up (six months) led to a 1.3% decrease in HbA1c and a 2.2% drop in fasting blood glucose. This effect was not seen up to one year later. There were few data on the effect of SMBG on quality of life or on the costs. One study found that the cost of self monitoring was about one-seventh of the costs of standard care. None of the trials looked at the risks of diabetes complications. We conclude that, when the length of treatment with SMBG is over one year, the results show that SMBG does not seem to have a meaningful effect on the blood sugars in the blood of people with diabetes, regardless of whether or not they are not used insulin.
The aim of this review was to assess the effectiveness of any type of psychotherapy for adults with AsPD. We searched for randomised, well-conducted, controlled trials that assessed the effects of any form of psychological treatment on men with AsPD and their mental health. We found 11 studies involving 471 participants. Five of these studies, with 276 of whom had AsPD, looked at treatments that aimed to help men with the mental health of outpatients who were in prison for drug use or drug use and were treated as usual. These treatments were found to be superior to those that were not aimed at men. We also found that men who received treatment as usual were more than twice as likely to leave prison alive after leaving prison, compared to men who were not in prison. We did not find evidence that any of the treatments helped men with asPD to quit drug use, and we found no evidence that they were any more or less effective than those who were allowed to go home from prison. However, men who had been in prison were more satisfied with the treatment they had received, and those who had not, in terms of improvement in at least one of the three main outcomes we looked at. We concluded that there was not enough good-quality research to support the use of any of these treatments.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effectiveness of antibiotics for the common cold in adults and children. We found 11 RCTs, with up to 1047 adults and up to 791 children. Six of these studies looked at whether or not people were cured or not. Five of these, with a total of 791 adults, looked at how well antibiotics worked and whether they had any side effects. There was an increase in the risk of side effects with the use of antibiotics. We were not able to combine the data from many of the studies, which means that we can say very few things about the quality of the trials. We do know that there were some problems with the way the trials were done. For example, in five of the six studies, people knew whether they were in the treatment or the placebo group and this may have affected the way they answered some of the questions they were asked. This may have made the results look better than the truth. We did not find any evidence that antibiotics were any more or less likely to cause side effects in adults or children when they were treated with antibiotics compared to those who took a fake (fake) medicine (placebo). There was also no evidence that they were any better than a fake medicine in terms of cure or persistence of symptoms.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the benefits and harms of treatments for plaque psoriasis. We found five RCTs that met our criteria, with a total of 162 participants. Three of these trials were conducted in a hospital dermatology department. The ages of 162 adults ranged from 12 to 77 years; none of them were younger than 15 years. Twenty-three of 162 patients had streptococcus-positive throat swab culture. None of the trials assessed our primary outcome, time-to-resolution, or the secondary outcome, risk of having at least one relapse at long-term follow-up. One trial assessed rifampicin (300 mg twice a day) compared with a placebo (i.e. a pill with no medicine) versus erythromycin (250 mg four times per day). Another three-armed trial assessed penicillin (50 mg per day) versus no treatment (treatment for 14 days). The third-armed study assessed guttate psor skin lesions (skin lesions that have not been cleared of the plaque) in 40 adults (aged 12 to 75 years). The fourth-arm trial assessed gussaparin (a medicine that clears the plaque from the skin). The fifth- and six-week trials did not measure any of the outcomes that we had hoped to assess. We judged the quality of the studies to be very low due to high risk of bias and imprecision (too few events). Hence, we are very uncertain about the results presented. We are very low- or low-certainty due to the small sample size and the fact that we did not find any studies that looked at the same outcomes.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the benefits and harms of vitamin D₃ in adults with MS. We found 12 RCTs enrolling 933 participants with MS; 464 were randomised to the vitamin D group, and 469 to the comparator group. Eleven of these trials looked at the effects of the use of the drug in people with MS with MS who had MS who were not severely ill. The evidence is up to date as of March 2016. We did not find any studies that looked at other types of MS, so we do not know the extent to which the benefits or harms of the treatment outweigh the risks. We rated the quality of the studies as very low to very low. This was due to the risk of bias and imprecision of the trials, and the fact that many trials did not have at least one group that did not take place in the same way.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo controlled trials (RCTs) of Mm/r or MIR in adults (aged 18 years and over) with chronic pain. We found 62 RCTs, with 4241 participants, that met our criteria for this review. Thirty-six studies used a cross-over (cross-over) design, with the greatest amount of data for each arm of the trial. The evidence is up to date as of March 2017. Fifteen of the studies compared morphine (morphine or buprenorphine or mirtazapine) with morphine and narcotic analgesics. Six of these (sixteen) were 24-hour trials and looked at MIR products. Fifeteen of the trials (15) reported pain and pain relief. Fourteen trials (14) looked at morphine and MIR with each other and with other opioids. Six trials (six) reported that MIR was safe for 24 weeks. Two trials (three) found MIR to be safe for 12 weeks. We judged the studies to be at high risk of bias because the way they were done was not well done and the way the trials were run and reported was not as well done as we would like. The main outcome we looked for in this update of the Cochrane Cochrane review was pain and how much painkillers helped. We did not find any studies that looked at other types of painkillers, such as morphine, MIR or MVCs, so we do not know the best way to get painkillers out of people with postoperative pain.
This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2013. We searched for randomised, double-blind, well-conducted (RCTs) studies that compared any type of surgery for distal palmar crease. We found 14 RCTs involving 1260 adults. The age of participants ranged from 16 to 88 years. Most of the participants were women (about 70%). The average duration of symptoms ranged from three to 15 months, and the follow-up after the surgery ranged from eight weeks to 23 months. Fourteen trials were included, with 1361 trigger fingers. The evidence is up to date as of March 2015. The main comparison was between open surgery and steroids and percutaneous surgery, because open surgery is the oldest and the most widely used treatment method and was the most commonly used in the studies in this review and is often used as first-line treatment in clinical practice. The studies reported nine types of treatments: open surgery versus steroid injections (two trials); endoscopic surgery versus open surgery (one study); and three comparisons of types of incision for open surgery. Most studies had flaws in the way they were done. For example, most of the trials had a high risk of bias, which means that their results may be biased.
Three RCTs, with 931 adults, were included in this meta-analysis. These three trials compared different neoadjuvant treatments: RT alone; sequential RT and procarbazine, and prednisone, lomustine, and vincristine; PCV chemotherapy alone; and temozolomide chemotherapy. One RCT compared RT plus PCV with RT alone. This review found that patients treated with RT and PCV did not live longer than those given RT alone, although this result was not apparent in the original 2008 Cochrane review. Furthermore, with the use of biomarkers, we found that progression-free survival (OS) did not happen as often in the RT alone group as in those who were treated with PCV alone. However, with regard to OS, we also found that when PCV was used with RT, OS was not as long as with RT. We did not find evidence that PCV or RT alone improved OS. None of the studies blinded participants or personnel, and, therefore, none of the trials were at low risk of bias.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the effects of intranasal corticosteroids in children with OSA. We found five RCTs with a total of 240 children aged one to 18 years with mild to moderate OSA (AHI 1 to 30 per hour). Follow-up time ranged from six weeks to four months. Three trials (n = 137) looked at the effect of oral montelukast (a corticostimulant drug used to treat OSA) on AHI and other OSA outcomes. We are uncertain about whether there is a difference in AHI or other AHI outcomes, such as desaturation (i.e. the amount of oxygen in the blood that the body can give, and how much of it is pumped around the body), and whether there are differences in other important OSA outcome (e.g. how long the children were in the treatment group and how long it took for them to get home from school, how long they were given, and whether they were able to get back to sleep). We are also uncertain whether the secondary outcomes are any more or less likely to change when children are treated with these drugs than when they are given a fake medicine (placebo). We found no evidence for or against the use of these drugs for OSA in the long term. We judged the certainty of the evidence to be high for AHI, desaturation, and quality of life, and to be very low for the other outcomes. This means that we are very certain about the results.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and three CCTs (involving 1291 children) that looked at the effect of antithrombin, warfarin or cryoprecipitate on the prevention of venous thromboembolism. We did not find any RCTs that looked specifically at prevention of VTE. We found three studies that assessed the effects of low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) and four studies that examined the effects on the risk of developing VTE (at the end of the first week of the child's life). We found no RCT or CCT evidence that any of these drugs were more than one-seventh of the risk when compared with no drug or a 'wait and see' policy. We also found no studies that looked into the effect on the number of days of school that the child missed. We were not able to draw conclusions about whether any of the drugs were better than no drug in terms of whether they were safe and whether they had any side effects. None of the trials looked at whether any one drug was better than any other. We are uncertain whether any drug is any more or worse than any others in the short-term (i.e. for up to 12 weeks) than the others. We do not know whether one drug is better than another in the long-term to see if one drug works better than the other.
We found three randomised trials with a total of 287 adults who had either type I or II TAAA surgery for thoracoabdominal aneurysm surgery. All three trials compared CSFD with controls. In the first trial of 98 adults, neurological deficits in the lower limbs occurred in 14 (30%) of the CSFD group and 17 (33%) controls. The deficit was observed in 24 hours of the operation in 21 (68%) of participants and from three to 22 days in 10 (32%) participants. The second trial of 33 adults used a combination of CSFD and intrathecal papaverine (an anticonvulsant drug used to treat cancer). It showed an 80% reduction in the rate of postoperative neurological deficit in participants who had CSFD compared to those in the control group. In this third trial TAAA repair was performed on 145 adults. CSFD was initiated during the operation and continued for 48 hours after surgery. Paraplegia or paraparesis occurred in 9 of 74 adults (12.2%) in the controls and 2 of 82 adults (2.7%) receiving CSFD. Overall, CSFD did not seem to prevent ischaemic injury to the spinal cord. In CSFD-only trials, the odds ratio (OR) was 0.57 (95% CI 0.28 to 1.17). There was no evidence that CSFD reduced the risk of postoperatively of neurological deficit. However, there was some imprecision in the results for the OR for the other than for the meta-analysis for the analysis for the outcomes. There is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the benefits and harms of NB-UVB in adults with Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) 75. We included 13 RCTs, with a total of 662 adults. Our main outcomes of interest were as follows: Participant-rated quality of life, percentage of adults with psoriasis, Withdrawal due to side-effects, and Clearance rate for CPP. In one RCT, we found no difference between the PUVB and PUVA groups for PASI 75. In three other trials of CPP, the clearance rates were unclear because in one, there was no change between the groups, and in the other, the clearance rates were higher in favour of the PUVA group. Pooled data from these three trials showed that withdrawals due to adverse events were not different between the two groups. The results from the two left-right body (left-right) body (bath) groups (bath and right body) in terms of the ability to clear the skin lesions were similar. The evidence from the three left-left body (right body) group (bath, right body, right hand) for the use of PUVA was also inconsistent. The quality of the studies was low to very low. This was due to imprecision of the results.
This review found that biofeedback plus exercises was better than exercises alone. However, the results were not very clear because of the number of people who failed to achieve full continence and the fact that electrical stimulation was used in the same way. There was not a lot of data to compare the effects of electrical stimulation alone to those of biofeed back. There were also problems with the way the trials were done. More research is needed to find out if adding electrical stimulation is a good way to help with people with incontinence.
Thirty nine randomised trials were identified for inclusion in the review. They were small and of poor or very low quality. The data from five trials were heterogeneous but they tended to indicate a higher risk of (re)catheterisation if a catheters were not used postoperatively. In six trials, a greater number of people needed to be recatheterised if a urethral catheter rather than a suprapubic catheter was used after surgery. In 11 trials, the data showed that fewer urinary tract infections were found after surgery when a catherter was used earlier (for example 1 versus 3 days). There was no difference in the length of time a urinary catheter was left in place or in place. In one small trial, the clamp-and-release group showed a greater risk of urinary tract infection if a clamp was used prior to surgery. There were no clear differences in the number of days after surgery between those who used a catheter and those who did not.
The aim of this review was to assess the effects of aripiprazole for schizophrenia. We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to April 2015. We found 10 RCTs (3340 adults and children/adolescents) that met our inclusion criteria. Seven of these studies (2239 adults and adults) examined the efficacy (effectiveness) and side-effects (movement disorders and sedation/disease of the eyes and feet in adults and people with mental health or teenagers with schizophrenia or their families) of an atypical anti-psychotic drug called aripuprazole. Two studies (754 adults and teenagers) assessed the efficacy and side effects of an aripoprazole treatment compared with valproate or lithium. Two of these three drugs (valproate and lithium) were compared with placebo (fake drug) or other drugs. Two trials (972 adults and adolescents) evaluated the effects or side-effect results of an add-on treatment to an adjunctive treatment to arioprostolone or haloperidol. The evidence from these two drugs was of very low or very low quality. The main side effects were of high dropout rates (> 20% for each of these drugs in eight of the trials) and lack of information about how participants were allocated to groups. This may have been due to the fact that in most of the studies, participants knew which drug they were taking part in and this may have led to imprecision of the results. We were unable to draw conclusions about whether ariprazole was better or worse than other drugs in terms of quality of life or the number of people who dropped out of the study. We did not find enough high-quality evidence to draw any firm conclusions.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) evaluating the use of antibiotics to treat CVCs. We found no RCTs or CCTs that looked at antibiotics to remove the CVC and replace it with a new CVC that did not have a CVC. We also found one RCT (56 adults) that evaluated urokinase (an antifungal drug used in conjunction with antibiotics) and one CCT (48 adults) looking at ethanol (an antibiotic used alone) and systemic (antibiotics used on their own) treatments. We did not find any studies that compared antibiotics with antibiotics alone. None of the trials looked at the number of patients cured, the length of time it took to cure, the amount of blood left in the ICU after the first CVC had been surgicalised or the need for an ICU admission. No adverse events occurred in the five studies that assessed adverse events. All the trials had flaws in the way they were done and the way the trials were done. Therefore, we judged them to have a high risk of bias. We were not able to draw any firm conclusions as to whether or not antibiotics are more or less safe and effective than antibiotics alone in this group of adults.
We searched for randomised, well-conducted studies that assessed the effects of any type of TPE. We found three types of studies. 1. A video on the use of cognitive-behavioural education: we found that this video helped patients with acute whiplash-related pain at short-term (i.e. up to three months) and long-term follow-up. 2. The use of self-care strategies: we identified one randomised trial that showed that self care did not help patients with chronic neck pain. 3. How up-to-date is this review? We searched for studies up to June 2014. We included 15 randomised studies. We have not found any new studies in the update of this review. With the exception of one trial, this review has not shown effectiveness for any of the interventions studied. All of the studies were of low to very low quality. This is due to the fact that there were problems with the way they were carried out and reported.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, multicentre studies that looked at the effectiveness of any of these. We found 49 studies that were suitable for inclusion in this Cochrane review. In total, 49 different types of the Cochrane Cochrane Collaboration Group's Cochrane Schizophrenia Group approach were found, many of which were well-known to people with cognitive-behavioural diseases (CJD) or with schizophrenia or other mental health problems. The Cochrane Review shows that the thematic synthesis can be used to inform policy and practice decisions for communicating with people at risk can be made on the evidence gathered in this review, without the use of evidence from randomised studies. The thematic syntheses can be viewed as a long-term tool that aims to improve the way in which people are cared for in the care of those who are at risk. They can communicate with people who are not at risk and others who are, but do not appear to be at risk in the long term. However, they may also cause harm, such as bias.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of opioids for patients with RLS. We found one RCT that randomly assigned 304 RLS patients to either a medicine called oxycodone or a fake medicine (placebo). After 12 weeks, RLS symptoms had improved more in the drug group than in the fake medicine group. The quality of life of patients in the medicine group was improved more than in those in the placebo group. There was no difference between groups for daytime somnolence, sleep problems, and sleep problems. There were more side effects in the pill group. These were gastrointestinal problems, tiredness, and headache. Opioids do seem to be effective for treating RLS, but there are no data on the important problem of safety. This is based on only one small RCT with a high dropout rate (low risk of bias).
Fifteen trials, involving 1022 adults with potentially or likely to have a distal fracture of the distal radius, were included in this Cochrane review. There was some evidence to support the use of surgery to fix the fracture and fix it, but there were some flaws in the way the trials were done and in how the studies were done. There were problems with the design of some of the trials and, for example, there were differences in the types of surgery used. These flaws meant that we were unable to draw conclusions about the usefulness of surgery for extracapsular proximal proximal femoral fractures in adults.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at early and late removal of ureteric stents in adults with CKD. We found five RCTs (1127 patients) that met our inclusion criteria. The risk of bias of the trials was judged low or unclear; they addressed the research question and used a randomised design. It is not clear whether early removal of a stent is the best way to reduce the risk of UTIs and MUC in CKD patients. However, if an externalised PU stent was used there was no difference in UTI rates between the two groups. There was not enough data to know if there was a greater risk of MUC with the use of an internal stent.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at one type of crown for filling teeth. We found five RCTs that compared three types of crowns. Four compared crowns with fillers; two of them compared conventional PMCs with open sandwich restorations (fillers that rest the teeth in place and close the gap between the teeth and the teeth) and two compared PMCs fitted with filling. One of these included a third arm, which allowed the comparison of PMCs versus non-restorative caries. In two of these three groups, all teeth had been filled with pulp prior to the crown being placed. The third arm of the study looked at crowns fitted with a tooth-filling method. The fourth study compared two types of CCs. All teeth in the PMC group had to have their teeth filled using pulp before the crown was placed. In the third group, teeth had to be filled after the crown had been fitted. The evidence is up to date as of June 2014. The quality of evidence for crowns and fillers was very low to low. This was due to the number of participants in the trials and to the fact that there were problems with the way the trials were done. Therefore, we were not able to draw any firm conclusions.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared PEP to ACBT or any other method of airway clearance. We found 28 RCTs involving 788 children and adults with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD. The evidence is up to date as of March 2016. In 22 of the 28 studies the PEP technique was performed with a mask, in three of the studies a mouthpiece was used with nose clips and in three studies it was not clear whether a mask or mouthpipe was used. These studies were cross-over in the way they were done and we were not able to combine their results to draw conclusions about whether or not PEP was better than ACBT. There was a lower rate of lung failure in adults who used PEP, autogenic drainage (AD), oral oscillation PEP devices, high-frequency chest wall oscillation (HFCWO) and exercise. However, these findings were based on short-term (12 weeks) data. There were no differences in effect between PEP and ACBT and other types of treatment. Forced expiratory volume in one second was the review's main outcome and the most frequently reported outcome in the studies (24 studies, 716 adults). However, long-term evidence from these and other trials showed that PEP may have had little or no effect on this outcome. A second main outcome was the number of exacerbations (flare-ups) of COPD. This information was not available in most of the trials and we judged the quality of the evidence to be low or very low.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo controlled trials (RCTs) of CZP in adults with CD. We found four RCTs involving 1485 adults with moderate to severe CD. Most patients were adults over 18 years of age. One of the trials was high risk of bias due to the use of placebo. The other three studies were judged to be of high quality. The results of the meta-analyses showed that, compared to a control group that received a fake (fake) medicine (placebo), people with CD who were assigned to a 100 mg to 400 mg per 2 to 4 weeks of treatment were more than twice as likely to achieve a cure or remission of their Crohn's disease. This was the case for week 8 and week 8. The evidence for the other outcomes was either low or very low certainty. This means that we cannot be completely confident in these findings. The findings of this meta-analysis suggest that, in people with Crohn’s disease who are treated with a fake medicine (fake medicine), the chances of cure or response to treatment are about the same. However, this is probably due to chance. We are uncertain whether the risk of serious adverse events is the same in the real world.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the benefits and harms of treatments for CKD in adults. We found 108 RCTs that looked at one type of drug called a beta-blocker called an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACEi) or an ACEi inhibitor (ARB), or two types of drugs called adenosine A1-receptor antagonists (nesiritide and dopamine). These drugs are known to cause CKD patients to suffer from CKD, and have been used to treat CKD. We wanted to find out whether these drugs were any more or less likely to cause heart failure in adults with CKD; we also looked at whether they had any side effects. We did not find any evidence that any of these drugs had any effect on death or heart problems in CKD people. We also did not have any data that showed whether any drug was better or worse in terms of quality of life or on any of the other outcomes we looked at. We judged the evidence to be of very low or very low certainty. This was due to problems with the way the studies were done.
We searched for randomised, well-conducted randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effectiveness of one method of tocokinometry over the other. We found three RCTs involving 1945 women. Overall, the risk of bias across the three trials was mixed. The trials did not report on important neonatal outcomes such as Apgar score less than seven at five minutes, umbilical artery pH less than 7.15 and admission to the neonatal intensive care unit, and more than 48 hours admission to hospital. The pooled risk for the outcomes was not different between groups. Hyperstimulation was reported in two studies (n = 1945), but there was no difference in the risk between groups (RR 1.21, 95% CI 0.78 to 1.88). This review found no differences between the use of intravenous oxytocin for induction or augmentation of labour.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the effects of physical exercise in adults with CVI. We found two RCTs involving 54 adults with chronic leg ulcers. We were not able to pool the data from the trials. One of the trials (30 adults) found no difference between the exercise and control groups; the other (23 participants) found a reduction in symptoms in the exercise group. In one of the studies, muscle strength did not differ between the two groups. In the other, the change in ejection fraction (amount of blood pumped out of the left lower chamber of the heart with each heart beat) compared with baseline, half venous refilling time (how long the leg ran for) and the time the leg was pumped out and filled with venous juice were reported in both groups. One study found no evidence of a change in quality of life or in the range of motion (how far the leg could reach the knee) in either group. The quality of the evidence was very low. This was due to the small number of people in the trials and the fact that many of the outcomes were not assessed in the same way in both studies. Therefore, we judged the quality of evidence as very low according to the GRADE method.
Seventy-six trials with a mean of 3 (range 1 to 5) were identified. Forty trials looked at the effects of hyaluronan/hylan versus placebo (saline or arthrocentysis). Ten of these studies looked at different types of corticostimulants (corticosteroids and other nonsteroidal drugs), three of these looked at treatments for OA of the knee. Follow-up periods varied between day of last injection and 18 months. The pooled analyses of these trials showed that viscosupplementation with a 'placebo' (fake medicine) was effective in the short term (ranging from 5 to 13 weeks) and the longer term (up to 18 months) for pain, function and quality of life. In these trials, there were few adverse events. Based on these results, we would expect that out of 100 people with OA, around 28 would have an OA if they were treated with a placebo.
We searched for randomised randomised trials comparing misoprostol with a fake medicine (placebo). We found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 4052 women. Four RCTs (1881 participants) examined the effect of the drug misoprool on the use of additional uterotonics (drugs that increase blood supply to the uterus). The trials were not large enough in terms of size or duration to determine whether or not the drug had an impact on the number of deaths or complications for the mother or her baby. The evidence from the trials we found did not show that the drug was any more or less likely to cause side effects for the mothers or their babies when used as first-line therapy for the treatment of a PPH in women who had not undergone surgery or who were not able to have a hysterectomy (an open uterine resection). The evidence we found from two trials showed that oxytocin (a medicine that opens the uterus) was more effective than oxytocine (a drug used to treat uterine fibroids) for primary PPH and caused fewer side-effects for the women, although they were more likely to have vomiting and shivering. We did not find any evidence for the effectiveness of other types of drugs that can be used to help relieve uterine haemorrhage. Two trials tried to test the effects of estrogen and tranexamic acid, but were too few women to know whether they were effective or not. One RCT (1787 women) looked at the effects and found no difference in the use or side-effect rates for the two types of drug. We found no trials that looked at surgery or other treatments for PPH.
We searched for randomised trials that assessed the effects of cysteine in preterm neonates with a PN of less than 1000 grams. We found six trials. One large, multicentre RCT looked at short-term N-acetylcysteine supplementation in very low birth weight neonates. Five small RCTs looked at the benefits of short (less than one month) cysteines for PN. These studies did not find any evidence that growth or retinopathy of prematurity were affected by the use of these drugs. Nitrogen retention (the amount of fat in the blood that helps the body to grow) was higher in neonates treated with cysteins. However, this did not impact on the risks of death, bronchopulmonary dysplasia (disease of the lungs) or death in the first 36 weeks after birth. The RCT that looked at whether the babies were more or less well-nourished after the first week of life found no evidence of a change in the risk of ROP or in quality of life. These findings are based on only one large RCT and do not allow us to draw any firm conclusions.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the effects of any type of anti-hypertensives treatment. We found 77 RCTs involving 6287 participants. Forty-one trials (3829 participants) gave information for at least one or more outcomes. Thirty-five of these trials were at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of favouritism by the participants or researchers). The trials were from one month to 24 months long. There was no difference in the risk of death or serious adverse events in any of the treatment groups. None of the trials assessed quality of life. Antioxidants (such as bile acids) were no better or worse in terms of death at the end of follow-up compared with no treatment. There were no deaths in either group in the one RCT that looked at this outcome. Bile acids were no more or no worse than no intervention in the number of deaths or the percentage of people with serious side-effects. Antoxant drugs (e.g. ganciclovir or betamethasone) did not seem to be any more or less good or harm than no treatment in the four trials that assessed this question. There appeared to be no differences in the proportion of people who died or had serious side effects in the groups that were treated with these drugs compared with those that were not. There may have been some bias in the way the trials were run and/or run-and-treatments were carried out. Overall, all the evidence was very low quality.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind trials of CSF biomarkers in people with MCI. We also wrote to researchers to find other studies. We found 15 randomised trials of these biomarkers that looked at conversion to Alzheimer’s or other forms of dementia. We were able to combine the findings from 13 of these, which looked at the accuracy of the CSF t-tau test. The results showed that the test accuracy of this test ranged from 51% to 90% and the specificity (how sure the test is) of the test was 72% to 75%. Five of the 15 trials looked at how well the test worked and found that it was between 80% and 96% and between 33% and 95% and even 90% to 95% to 80% to 99% to 100% to the test. We could not tell whether the test helped us to know whether the biomarker had changed over time or not. Our findings are based on only a few, low- to very low-to-very low-certainty studies. These studies were few and of low or very low quality. We do not know from randomised studies whether changes in the way the test tests were carried out could have had an impact on whether or not the biomarkers were accurate.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that investigated the use of propofol or sevoflurane in men with prostate surgery. We found three RCTs involving 170 men. All men were between 50 and 75 years of age and were undergoing surgery to remove the prostate. The evidence is up to date as of March 2017. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of anaesthetics on postoperative pain, all-cause death or any of the other outcomes that are important for men and their carers. We also found low- to very low-to-very low-certainty evidence suggesting that proton pump (povidone hundred and forty-one men) may prevent nausea and vomiting over the short term (one to six hours after surgery) after RALRP. However, it is not clear whether this affects the risk of complications from surgery. It is unclear which anaesthetic technique is the best to use in men having a laparoscopicaropoietin surgery. No RCT looked at complications from other types of surgery.
We searched for studies up to May 2017. We found 14 studies, with a total of 1,601,515 women. Most studies found no evidence that the use of corticostimulants (topical corticosteroids) had any effect on the health outcomes for the mother or her baby. Most of the evidence was of low or very low quality. This was mainly due to imprecision (variation) in the methods used in the studies, and the fact that most of the trials were small, which means that their results may have been biased. We were unable to draw any firm conclusions about whether or not the treatment had any impact on pregnancy or birth weight, preterm birth or preterm delivery, low birth weight or foetal death. We did find some low- to very low-to-very low-quality data for the outcomes of congenital malformations ( cleft palate and hypospadias) and low Apgar score (measured on the Apgar scale). We were not able to draw conclusions about the effects of topical corticoprofen.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to July 2014. We found four RCTs that compared corticostimulants with corticosteroids for corneal ulcers. These trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, India, Nepal, and South Africa. One of the largest trials was a pilot trial of the Sterneal Ulcers Trial (SCUT). The other three trials were a pilot study of the SCUT. All four trials were short-term (12 weeks) and had follow-up periods ranging from two months to one year. None of the trials found any difference between the corticoid group and the control group in terms of time to re-epithelialization (the growth of the cornea) and the time to surgery. However, the trial with the largest pilot trial found that the time from surgery to surgery was 53% longer in the steroid group than in the placebo group, and the trial on the other hand reported that the surgery took 53% less time. The other trials did not have long-term data, and none of them found any differences in the length of surgery or in the two groups treated with either corticoprofen or corticone ointment. The largest RCT found no difference in the time between surgery and surgery in the steroids group and in the other two groups. The trials with the other trial did not report on this aspect of surgery, and did not find any evidence that surgery was better in either group. The RCT with the large pilot study found that surgery took longer to do than surgery. The SCUT had a longer time to do surgery than surgery, but this trial also found no evidence of a difference in surgery between the steroid treatment and the other treatment groups. These studies did not use a placebo (fake medicine), and they did not look at whether surgery had any side-effects. All the trials in this review were at high risk of bias due to the way they were designed and conducted. Therefore, we judged the quality of the studies to be very low to very low.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that examined the benefits and harms of percutaneous (through a vein) thrombolytic treatments for ischaemic stroke. We found four RCTs with 450 adults who had had a stroke (stroke due to blood clots in the major artery or in the brain). Three of these trials were large enough to be included in the meta-analyses. The evidence is up to date as of March 2017. We did not find any evidence that intravenous or intramuscular treatments are any more or less likely to improve functional outcome or death at the end of follow-up. There was some low- to very low-to-very low-risk of bias in the trials. We judged the risk of bias to be low. We included participants of all ages and with all types of stroke, and we did not limit our search to people who had not had their stroke in the first few weeks after the stroke.
We searched for randomised trials that assessed the effects of day care for children younger than five years of age and their families in high-income countries. We searched for studies up to March 2017. We found one study involving 120 families and 143 children. This study was of very low- or very low quality. It did not find evidence that centre-based day care, compared with no day care or care at home, improved or worsened children's cognitive ability or psychosocial development. No other measures of child mental and intellectual development were reported in the study. The study did not assess long-term outcomes for children (high-school completion or income). This trial did not report on the effect of centre- based day care on the outcomes of the child and their parents. We need more research in this area. We included in the review one study with a high risk of bias and with a low risk of imprecision. This means that we cannot be sure of the results.
The objective of this review was to assess the quality of the studies that have been done and how well they were done. We searched for studies that had been done in the last 10 years or more. We have also looked for any type of bias that might have been caused by the way the study was done. Overall, we have found that all of the trials have had some problems with their methods or were judged to be of low or very low quality. This has made it hard for us to know the best way to perform these tests. However, if we were to find out what the best test was, we would need to know how well each of the tests worked.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared surgery with no surgery in adults with a proximal proximal tibial tibia (shin bone) fracture. We found three RCTs involving 213 adults. The mean age of people in the trials ranged from 41 to 44 years. The trials were at high risk of bias (risk of bias due to the way the trials were done) and there were problems with how the studies were done. We judged the quality of the studies to be very low. Overall, we are very unsure about the effects of surgery compared with non-surgical treatments. The evidence from the trials we found was of very low quality. We did not find evidence that surgery reduced the need for reoperations or reduced the chance of having a repeat surgery for any of the three outcomes we looked at. This review found that there was very low-certainty evidence that nailing was no more or less likely to result in re-operations than plating. This means that we do not know if surgery may result in any more or fewer re-operative surgery. However, we did find some evidence that people who had nailing had more pain in the long term (up to 12 months) than those who had plation. This may have been because they were more likely to have to have another surgery for their tibia fixed with a plate.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of BPLDs in adults with stroke or transient ischaemic stroke. We found 11 RCTs involving 38,742 adults. Eight studies (35,110 adults) looked at whether blood pressure-lowering drugs reduce the risk of having a new stroke. Three studies (3632 adults) examined whether blood pressures were reduced with the use of an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor or a diuretic. The risk of death from any cause was about the same for both types of drugs. The quality of the evidence was high for both risk of recurrence and death due to stroke. This means that we can trust the reliability of the results. The results of this review suggest that people with stroke and TIA treated with an ACE or diureic drug have about one-seventh of the risk for their blood pressure to be reduced. This finding is likely to be due to the fact that ACE and diuretics have been shown to be relatively safe drugs that can be used to treat stroke.
Five hundred men from four trials were assessed. Three trials used non-glucosidic B-sitosterols and one used B-Sitosterols that contained 100% B- sitosteryl-B-D-Glucoside. This review found that men with prostate cancer who were treated with these drugs did not have more prostate shrinkage compared to men who were given a fake medicine (placebo). Withdrawal rates for men taking these drugs and men in the placebo group were 7.8% and 8.0%, respectively. Their long term effects, safety and ability to prevent BPH were not known. The findings of this review do not support the use of these drugs to treat prostate cancer.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing salmeterol to placebo or salbutamol. We found 26 RCTs involving 62,815 adults and 2,599 children that looked at the benefits and harms of this drug for at least 12 weeks. We did not find any evidence that it increases the risk of death from all causes. People who were treated with salmetamol had about one more death event in the first 28 weeks of the study compared with those who were given a fake medicine (placebo). This may have been due to the fact that people were not taking their inhaled corticosteroids as often as they should have been. There was no evidence that the risk in the longer term (i.e. over several months) was any more or less than with regular salmetamerol. There were no data to see whether there was a difference in the risk between regular salmatarol and placebo. We were not able to assess whether there were more or fewer side effects with the drug in the long term. This review is up to date as of March 2015.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence from trials that use of thyroxine or L-thyroxine in the first few days after birth (postpartum haemorrhage) or at 24 hours reduces the risk of death or illness in preterm neonates with lung failure. Thyroxine is a relatively new drug and has been used for many years. It is thought that low levels of thyroid hormone in the blood of preterm babies born before term may contribute to their rapid heart rate and low blood pressure. This review found that amato 1988 and Amato 1988 did not show any differences in use of the drug compared with no treatment or no treatment. Both of these studies had problems with their methods that could have led to bias.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the benefits and harms of non-absorbable disaccharides in adults with hepatic encephalopathy. We included 38 RCTs with a total of 1828 adults. Eight trials had a low risk of bias in the assessment of death. We found that people who took lactulose or lactitol had about one-seventh of the risk of dying compared with those who took a placebo or no treatment. We also found that the people taking lactulos were about three times more likely to have non-serious (mainly gut) adverse events. We were not able to find any evidence that lactuloses or lactulides were any more or less likely to cause serious adverse events than those in the placebo/no treatment group. None of the trials assessed quality of life. The quality of the evidence was very low for all of the outcomes. This was due to limitations in how the trials were done and run.
We searched for studies up to January 2019 and found 65 studies involving 3598 participants. Bisphosphonate was the drug most often used in the first 12 months after transplantation and the drug used in about half of those who had fracture of the bone in one or more joints. Other classes of drugs, such as teriparatide and denosumab, cinacalcet, parathyroid surgery, and calcitonin, did not seem to decrease fracture or death or the need for a heart transplantation, irrespective of whether or not bone or blood tests showed a change in bone density or markers of bone health such as proteinuria and hyperparathyroidism were not used in all-cause or heart rhythm or in people who had a heart attack or had had a stroke (the two most common types of heart disease). Bone and blood tests of bone and blood biomarkers were often used to see if bone growth or blood counts showed changes in bone size or how many minerals in the bones or blood were left in the blood. The studies were not designed to look at fracture, death from any cause or graft loss (whether or not the grafts had been transplanted) or if any of the drugs had been taken up to one year after the first day after the transplantation. Studies were not large enough to tell us whether any drug was better or worse in terms of bone growth, death due to heart disease or any other cause, or quality of life, or survival of the transplanted heart or kidney transplants, or whether any drugs had any side-effects. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for most of the outcomes. This was due to risk of bias in the trials and the fact that many of the people in the trial were not able to tell whether they were in the treatment group or the control group whether they had been in the group that was treated or not. Therefore, we judged the reliability of the studies to be very low.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, double blind, placebo controlled trials that looked at the effects of magnesium in people who had withdrawn from drinking alcohol. We found four trials involving 317 people. Three of the trials looked at magnesium. One of these looked at parenteral magnesium. The other three studies looked at oral magnesium. All four trials had a high risk of bias. There were differences in the way the trials were done. We did not find any studies that measured all of the outcomes we were looking for. Only one of the four trials measured symptoms of seizure, delirium tremens or components of the Clinical Institute Withdrawal Assessment for Alcohol (CIWA) score. There was no significant change in the strength of the handgrip in either the magnesium or the placebo groups. No important changes in adverse events were found. Overall, there was not enough information in this review to know whether or not the use of magnesium is helpful or harmful.
We searched for randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials (RCTs) of antibiotics in adults with sinus sinusitis. We found 15 RCTs involving 3057 adults with rhinosinusitis. Antibiotics can shorten time to cure, but only 5 to 11 more people per 100 will be cured faster if they are treated with antibiotics than with placebo or no treatment. Almost all people with rhinoinusitis were cured after 1 week, and about 6 in 10 (64%) would be cured after 14 days. However, about 3 in 10 people would have to be treated for 14 days to get one person to be cured. The chances of a cure were about the same for both time to resolution of sinus disease and the need for a new sinus infection. The risk of side-effects of antibiotics was low. The quality of the evidence was high for both cure and side effects. The evidence is up to date as of March 2016.
Eight RCTs (enrolling 2515 patients) were included in this review. Three trials (all of which were from Asia) compared D3 with D2 lymphadenopause surgery and found no evidence of a difference between these two types of surgery. In the three trials that compared D2 with D1 lymphadenoperations, D2 had a better survival rate after surgery (OS) and DFS, but this result was based on data from one trial only. There was no evidence that one type of lymph node dissection was better than the other. In addition, there were more deaths after surgery in the group of patients who had D2 drainage of the cancer after surgery.
This Cochrane Review summarises evidence from 13 randomised, double blind, placebo controlled trials of naltrexone. The findings of this review suggest that olanzapine and buprenorphine have not been shown to be any more or less effective than other drugs used in the treatment of opiate use. The review authors found that there is a lack of good-quality, well-conducted, large-scale randomised trials which have looked at the long-term efficacy and side effects of the drug.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at changes in fluids. We found two RCTs that looked at changes to fluids. Both were part of the same large multicentre trial and looked at one type of fluid - honey thick liquids - with a chin down head posture. The first, which was a cross-over (cross-over) RCT, looked at the effect of changes in the amount of fluids given and the way fluids were changed. The second study looked at two types of fluids. Honey thick liquids, which are more consistent with terms for'spoon thick' or'very thick' liquids, appeared to be more likely to be cleared from the mouth and throat during videofluoroscopy, but they had more side effects in the first three months of the RCT. There were more infections in the honey thick liquid group than in the group of people who were not given honey thick fluids. These changes may have been related to the type of fluids used. We are not sure about changes in foods as too few studies have been done and too few people with dementia have been studied. We rated the quality of the evidence as low as there were problems with the way the trials were done and there were not enough data.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) looking at the effects of IVF on live birth and OHSS in women with IVF. We found six RCTs with a total of 788 women. The largest of these trials ( 396 women) was eligible for this review. We did not find any evidence of a difference in live birth rates, OHSS or pregnancy rates. For a woman with a 53% chance of live birth, the chance of a live birth using IVF would range from 34% to 53%. There was no difference in rates of OHSS, pregnancy or any of the other outcomes we looked at. One of the trials found that the oocyte retrieval rate was lower in the regular IVF group. There were not enough data to draw any conclusions about rates of the IVF treatment being stopped or stopped early or about the costs of treatment. There is a need for more research in this area.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of Tai Chi in adults with COPD. We found 12 RCTs involving 984 adults with a mean age ranging from 61 to 74 years. Programmes lasted from six weeks to one year. We were able to combine data from eight of these trials (i.e. 811 adults) in our meta-analysis. Compared with usual care, Tai Chi demonstrated a longer six-minute walk distance (mean distance of 29.64 metres, 95% confidence interval (CI) 10.52 to 48.77 metres) in post-programme data. When we compared Tai Chi with other interventions, we did not find evidence that Tai Chi was any better or worse in terms of lung function, physical and mental function or quality of life. However, we found that when we looked at trials that used other types of breathing training (e.g. biofeedback or aerobics), we found no evidence that it was any worse or no worse than breathing training alone. No side-effects from Tai Chi were found in these trials. Therefore, we judged the results of this review to be of very low quality.
We searched for randomised trials that assessed the effects of the use of video games to improve upper limb function in adults with stroke. We found 72 trials that involved 2470 adults. This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in 2012. This review includes 35 new studies in addition to the 35 studies that we found in the previous version of this Cochrane Review. The age range of people in the trials ranged from 18 to 65 years. Most of the participants had had their stroke more than 10 years after the stroke. Participants in the control groups usually did not receive any form of treatment other than standard care or were treated based on a standard-care approach. The evidence is up to date as of March 2015. We did not find any studies that looked at the impact of virtual reality and video games on the time since the stroke and how far people could walk in six months or longer. We also found no evidence that they had an impact on how fast people walked, how far they could walk, how fast they could get home from the treatment site, or how good they were able to function in their everyday life. We were not able to draw any conclusions from the studies we looked at because of problems with the way they were done. Overall, we found that the evidence was of low or very low quality. This means that while there are a lot of studies, there are only a few data, we cannot be sure of the results.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of fluoroquinolones in adults with cystic fibrosis. We found five RCTs (1330 adults). None of the trials looked at regimens of less than six months duration. One RCT (174 adults) added levofloxacin to the standard first-line treatment. Three trials (823 adults) used isoniazid to add moxifluconazid to the first treatment and one trial (174 people) used ethambutol to the second. All of the included trials were at high risk of bias. Relapse and treatment failure were not reported. For death, sputum conversion, and side effects we are uncertain if there is an effect (one trial, 174 adults, very low- or low-certainty evidence). For relapse, we are very uncertain of the effects (one RCT, 170 adults, low or very low quality evidence). No RCT looked at whether there was an effect on the number of people who died or had a relapse of their disease. We do not know from the trials we found if there were any serious side-effects. We did not find any data on the effect of adding fluoroquolones to other drugs that are used in addition to other treatments such as gatifluquinolone or isonia zidamerolone. There is a need for high- and low-quality research in this area.
