Spread of cancer to the lungs looks better than before. A pea sized growth in the bottom of the right lung is smaller than normal. Hardened lymph nodes in the left lung. The thyroid has been removed.
Mild damage, mucus blockage, and thickening of the airways is probably due to large airways disease. Severe hardening of part of the aorta. Hardening of a valve in the heart.
A few tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Growths in the lungs look the same as before. The thyroid is bigger than normal. Enlarged lymph nodes in both lungs as seen before.
Mild damage of the airways. Hazy gray areas in the left lung. This could be due to inflammation. Part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The gallbladder has been removed.
There is a tiny growth in the top of the left lung.
Growth and hazy gray areas in the top of the right lung look worse than before. This should be payed attention to on follow up. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Tiny growths in the lungs. Damage and blockage of the airways with mucus. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Areas of fluid or inflammation and fluid around the bottom of the right lung are no longer seen. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest have gone away. Smoking related changes in the lungs. Fluid in the windpipe. Old rib fracture on the right side.
There is some loss of air in the bottoms of both lungs. Fatty liver.
There is a new fluid filled sac in the middle of the right lung. There is loss of air in the bottoms of the lungs. New hazy gray area and thickening at the bottom of the left lung. Damage and blockage of the airways in the top of the lung with a new growth is seen again. Hazy gray areas in the upper right lung look worse than before. A quarter sized growth is noted in the left thyroid. Fractures in the right ribs are healed.
Patchy spots in both lungs with dense areas of fluid or inflammaiton in the bottoms of the lungs. A small amount of air is seen in the lung.
A large growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as the last scan but the growth is bigger than before. An 8.8-sized growth the size of the top of the right lung is the same size as before. There is more fluid around the lungs with growths and spread of cancer that is hard to see. Enlarged lymph nodes in the heart are seen. A lymph node near the windpipe is larger than normal. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm as seen before. Low blood count.
There is mild damage of the airways of the bottom of the right lung with some mucus blockage. Loss of air in the left lung is seen again. A small part of the stomach bulging through the diaphragm looks the same as before.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung. The airways are thickened. Severe smoking related changes in the lungs. Patchy spots in the lower right lung may be due to fluid in the airways or swallowing something into the lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest. The esophagus has been removed and there has been prior esophageal surgery. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
Prior surgery of the top of the left lung. The beginning of the aorta is wider than normal as seen before.
A tiny growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Enlarged lymph node in the left armpit. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Prior surgery of the top of the left lung.
The aorta is mildly hardened. Prior surgery of the right breast and armpit.
Growths in the middle of the right lung with signs of inflammation in the airways and scarring is seen again and is probably due to multiple airways disease. There is scarring of the tops of both lungs. Mild loss of air in the bottoms of the lungs.
A few small growths in the lungs look the same as before. Some of the growths look worse than before. There is hardening of the lungs. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A growth is blocking airways of the top of the right lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. A growth is seen in the right shoulder.
Abnormal air around the right lung is no longer seen. An area of fluid or inflammation in the bottom of the left lung is seen again. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened. There is more fluid around the left chest than before.
There is a new pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the right lung. There are other tiny growths in the lungs. Enlarged lymph node near the aorta is the same as before. The heart is bigger than normal as seen before. Smoking-related lung changes. Age related changes in the spine.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. A finger nail sized growth in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before. The thyroid is larger than normal. There is a pouch in the top of the aorta. Severe hardenedness of the blood vessel going to the heart and the heart's blood vessels and valves.
A tiny growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Loss of air in the bottom of the left lung is seen again. A tiny part of the stomach bulging through the diaphragm looks bigger than before. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened. Enlarged breast tissue.
Enlarged lymph nodes in both armpits look the same as before.
There is thickening and damage of the airways, especially in the bottoms of the lungs. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
The tops of both lungs are scarred. Mucus blockage of the lungs. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The valve of the aorta is hardened.
Spots in the bottom of the left lung are probably due to swallowing something into the lungs. Fluid is seen in the airways of the right lung. A small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm. Gallstones.
A large growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Other small growths in the lungs look the same. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest are the same size as normal. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Spread of cancer to the bones looks the the same a before.
A large part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Spread of cancer to a bone of the mid spine looks the same as before.
Growths in the top of the right lung and other growths in the lungs look the same as before. Hazy gray area in the bottom of the left lung is no longer seen and was probably due to inflammaiton. Fluid in the airways and damage and thickening of the airway in the tops of the lungs as seen the last time may be due to blockage. Mild mucus blockage in the left airways. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened as seen before.
The heart's blood vessels and valve of the aorta are hardened.
There is a group of tiny growths in the bottom of the left lung. Prior surgery of the esophagus. There is a fluid filled sac in the stomach. The heart's blood vessels are hardened. Stones are seen in the gallbladder.
Tiny growths in both lungs look the same as before. A pencil eraser sized growth in the right part of the thyroid looks the same size as the previous exam. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Thickening of the lungs and hazy gray areas in the lungs are probably due to fluid in the lung. Patchy pattern of the lung could have many causes. Enlarged lymph node near the windpipe. Also, there is an enlarged lymph node in the right lung. The tops of the heart are bigger than normal. The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
The aorta and the heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened.
Scarring of the tops of both lungs. A hazy gray area in the bottom of the right lung is no longer seen. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The heart's blood vessels and valve of the aorta are hardened. Hardened spot in a bone of the mid spine looks the same as before.
A pea sized growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. The gallbladder has been removed.
There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Growths in the thymus.
Growths in both lungs look smaller than before. Fractures in the right ribs are healed.
Mild hazy gray areas in the top of the left lung. Mild loss of air in the bottom of the right lung. Parts of the esophagus are widened. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened. Spread of cancer to the bones.
Prior radiaiton treatment of the top of the left lung as seen before. Growths in the right lung look worse than before and thickening of the bottom of the right lobe is seen for the second time. There is more fluid around the lung than before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the left lung as seen before. There are smoking related changes and scarring in the tops of the lungs. Enlarged lymph node in the windpipe looks the same as before. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. A quarter sized spot in a bone of the mid spine is bigger than before.
Abnormal fluid in the airways. There is mild thickening and damage of the airway. Scarring of the tops of both lungs. Hazy gray areas in the lungs look better than before. Groups of tiny growths in the left lung may be due to airways disease. Small amount of fluid around the right lung, the same as before. Fluid around the lung is no longer seen. Enlarged lymph node near the left collar bone. The esophagus has been removed and there has been prior esophageal surgery. The heart is bigger than normal. Part of the heart is hardened.
There is a large growth in the right lung that is blocking some of the airways. An area of fluid or inflammaiton and inflammation in the left lung may be due to prior lung surgery. There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Enlarged lymph nodes near the windpipe. The aorta and blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Gallstones in both kidneys as seen before. Growths in the liver.
Prior surgery of the right lung as seen before. Prior surgery of a valve in the heart and the aorta's valve. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aortas. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A pea sized growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. Enlarged lymph node in the right armpit. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Mild thickneing of the airways with some mucus blockage. New ladybug sized hazy gray area in the bottom of the right lung. New tiny growth in the top of the left lung. There are new signs of inflammation in the right airways. New signs of inflammaiton in the lungs. Spots in the lower right lung look like mucus. The left half of the thyroid has been removed. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened. Loss of height in bone of the lower spine looks the same as before.
Mild damage of the airways. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Other growths in the lung look the same as before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. The gallbladder has been removed
Severe smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs with large fluid filled sacs in the lungs. There is thickening of the airways. The tops of both lungs are scarred. A ladybug sized growth in the top of the right lung is smaller than before. Mucus blockage in the right upper lung is no longer seen.
Spots and growths in the bottom of the right lung are seen again.
There is a lot of mucus in the windpipe. Damage of the airways as seen before. Signs of airway inflammation in the lungs. A new spot is seen in the top of the right lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened. Hardening of a valve in the heart. Weakening of the bones.
A pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. Some tiny growths in the lungs are seen again. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal probably due to high blood pressure in the lung. The blood vessels in the left chest are bigger than normal. Loss of height in a bone of the mid spine.
Abnormal mucus in the windpipe. Hazy gray areas in the lungs look worse than before with a new area of fluid or inflammation in the top of the right lung. There is more fluid around the left lung than before.
Hazy gray areas in the top of the right lung and the bottoms of both lungs look worse than before. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal.
Scarring or loss of air in the bottoms of both lungs. Tiny growths in the bottom of the right lung. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Mild loss of air in the lungs. A few sacs are seen in the bottom of the right lung. There are a few tiny growths in the lung. Prior heart surgery. Fracture of a right rib.
Mild damage of the airways of the bottom of the right lung. A group of tiny growths in the top of the left lung is due to some hardening. The valve of the aorta is mildly hardened.
Hazy gray areas in both lungs with areas of fluid or inflammation in the tops of both lungs. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest. The heart is enlarged. The beginning of the aorta is wider than normal. The valve of the heart is mildly hardened.
A spot in the left lung is probably a lymph node. Enlarged lymph node in the chest. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Mild thickneing of the airways with some mucus blockage. There is a pea sized hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung.
Tiny growths in the lungs. The thyroid is smaller than normal. The esophagus is thicker than normal, probably due to acid reflux. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Fatty growth in the top of the heart. The heart's blood vessels are hardened. The gallbladder has been removed. Age related changes in the spine.
Mildly thickened ariways. There is a tiny amount of air around the right lung. A tiny growth is seen in the top of the left lung.
The bottom of the right lung is collapsed. Spread of cancer to the lungs look the same as before. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and a valve in the heart are hardened. Hardening of the breast bone. Abnormal pouches in the abdomen are seen.
Mild thickening of the airways. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Hazy gray areas and areas of fluid or inflammaiton in the lungs seen before are no longer seen with some scarring in the bottom of the left lung. Tiny growths in the lung look the same as before. The esophagus is less thickened than before. Growths in the thyroid look smaller than normal. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A fatty growth in the right lung is seen. Mild damage of the airways. Small growths in the lungs look the same as before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. The aortas valve is hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Spots in the bottoms of both lungs with airways may be due to swallowing something into the lungs or airway. Other hazy gray areas in the lungs look the same as before.
There is loss of air in the bottom of both lungs.
A few tiny growths are seen in the lungs.
Mild damage and thickening of the airways of the bottoms of the lungs. There are smoking-related lung changes. Scarring of the tops of both lungs. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels are hardened. Gallstones.
There is mild loss of air in the bottoms of both lungs. There is a tiny growth in the top of the left lung. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Groups of growths in the top of the right lung look smaller than before. Other small lung growths look the same as before. The thyroid is larger than normal. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Loss of air in the left lung looks the same as before with some scarring. An area of fluid or inflammaiton in the bottoms of the lungs looks worse than before. Growths in the lungs look the same size as before. There is mucus in the windpipe.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. A ladybug sized hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung looks the same.
There is a large growth in the top of the right lung. A tiny growth is pressing on the airways of the lung which is next to the airway. Lymph nodes in the chest are bigger than normal. Enlarged lymph nodes around the windpipe The gallbladder has been removed. Small amount of fluid around the heart. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Scarring or loss of air in the bottoms of both lungs. Mild damage of the airways. There is a pencil eraser sized hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung. There are pea sized growths in the bottom of the left lung. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Tiny growths in the bottom of the left lung look the same as before. The tops of the heart are bigger than normal as seen before. A valve in the heart is hardened. Prior heart surgery. Mild hardening of the blood vessels.
There are areas of fluid or inflammation and loss of air in the bottoms of both lungs. Areas of inflammation or fluid in the lungs look better than before. Tiny growths in the lung look the same as before. There is some mucus in the windpipe and airways. A part of the heart is bigger than normal. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of theheart and the aorta. Prior surgery of the chest. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There is loss of air in the bottoms of the lungs and the top of the left lung. Patchy spots in the tops of the right lung. New fluid around both lungs. New large amount of fluid around the heart. The beginning of the aorta is wider than normal. The heart's blood vessels and aortas are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are smoking related changes in the lungs. Hazy gray areas in the top of the right lung look better than before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Hardened spots in the bones are probably due to spread of cancer.
Tiny growths in both lungs. There is a group of growth in the tops of the lungs. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. The beginning of the esophagus is hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Old thickening and damage of the airways with some loss of air. There are hardened spots in both lungs. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened. Hardened spots in the bones look the same as before. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Hardened growths in the lungs. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Smoking related changes, damage, thickening, and mucus blockage of the airways. Growths in the left lung look the same as before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest. There is hardening of the left breast.
A tiny growth in the middle of the right lung looks the same as before.
There is a tiny amount of fluid around the right lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the left chest look the same as before.
A spot in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Severe smoking related changes in the lungs. Thickening of the airways. The gallbladder has been removed. There are spots in the aorta.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Tiny growths in the lungs. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
Loss of air or scarring is seen in the lungs. Prior surgery of the heart as seen before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. The breastbone is healed. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Prior surgery of the aorta's valve and the heart's blood vessels as seen before. The left part of the heart is wider than normal.
Areas of fluid or inflammation in the bottoms of both lungs could be due to swallowing something into the lungs or loss of air. The top of the aorta is wider than normal. The main blood vessels of the lung are wider than usual, probably due to high blood pressure in the lungs. Enlarged breast tissue.
Thickening of the airways may be due to inflammaiton or asthma. Abnormal air in the chest and around the esophagus.
Smoking-related lung changes. Patchy spots in the lungs. Small amount of fluid around both lungs.
There is a new area of fluid or inflammation in the top of the right lung. There are new tiny growths in the upper lungs. Loss of air in the bottom of the left lung is worse than before.
Thickening of the tops of the lungs is probably due to fluid in the lungs. There is some loss of air in the left lung. A pencil eraser sized hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Other tiny growths in the lung.
Fluid around both lungs with some loss of air looks the same as before.
There is a sac in the liver. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened. The aorta is hardened. Age related changes in the shoulders.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mild thickening of the top of the left lung. Mild smoking related changes of the lungs. There is a new small amount of fluid around the right lung. Loss of height in a bone of the mid spine.
Moderate smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Scarring or loss of air in the bottoms of the lungs. Enlarged lymph nodes in the right armpit and chest are bigger than before. Lymph nodes near the right lung are larger than normal. A lymph node in the chest is bigger than normal, the same size as before. There are more lymph nodes around the heart. The lymph node near the heart is larger than usual. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Areas of fluid or inflammation in the left lung are no longer seen and were probably due to swallowing something into the lungs or infection. There is thickening of the airways in the bottoms of both lungs with some airway damage. A hazy gray area in the top of the right lung is hard to see. Mild airway inflammation. The tops of the heart are bigger than normal. Prior heart surgery.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. Prior surgery of the left kidney. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. There is loss of air in the bottom of the right lung. The heart is bigger than normal. Low blood count.
A ladybug sized growth in the middle of the right lung looks the same as before. A lady bug sized hazy gray growh in the top of the left lung that is hard to see. Spots in bones of the mid spine look bigger than before.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the left lung as seen before. Thickening and hazy gray areas in the bottoms of the lungs are seen again and are probably due to scarring. A small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm. A valve in the heart is hardened.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Scarring or loss of air in the bottoms of both lungs. Hardened lymph nodes in the right lung. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Damage and thickening of the airways is due to large airway disease. A hazy gray area in the top of the right lung seen before is no longer seen. A pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are hazy gray areas in both lungs.
Tiny growths in the lungs. Smoking related changes and scarring of the tops of the lungs is seen.
Spread of cancer to both lungs looks the same as before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same.
A few tiny growths are seen in the lungs. Loss of air in the bottoms of both lungs.
Prior surgery of the middle of the right lung. Growths in the bottom of the left lung. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta.
There is a large growth in the top of the right lung. There is a grape sized growth with a walled off part that is not able to be seen. A quarter sized growth is seen in the bottoms of the lungs. The esophagus is thicker than normal, probably due to acid reflux. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The aorta is mildly hardened. Spots in the spine.
There is loss of air and scarring of the bottom of both lungs.
There are new tiny growths in the left lung. Small airway disease in the top of the right lung. Spread of cancer to the bones with rib fractures.
A tiny growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. A small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. A pencil eraser sized hazy gray growth in the top of the left lung looks the same since the last scan.
Growths in the lungs are seen again. Mucus blockage of the lungs. There is a growth in the left part of the thyroid. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The gallbladder has been removed. Sac in the right kidney
Areas of fluid or inflammation in the middle of the right lung and the bottoms of the left lung may be due to multiple cavities or inflammaiton. There are growths in the tops of the lungs. Smoking related changes in the skin.
There is a new tiny growth in the middle of the right lung. There is thickening and a button sized growth that is bigger than before.
Hazy gray areas in the bottoms of the lungs may be due to loss of air. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened. Hardening of the aorta is seen. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphram.
The heart is bigger than normal. Spots in the bones are probably due to spread of cancer.
Scarring or loss of air in the bottom of the left lung. There are hardened spots in both lungs. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Growths in both lungs. Large growth in the right kidney is not fully seen.
There is scarring of the top of the lung. There is a sac in the bottom of the right lung. Some of the blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
A spot in the bottom of the left lung looks worse than before. The main blood vessel of the lung is bigger than normal, probably due to high blood pressure in the lungs. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. Spots in the spine look worse than normal.
Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are new growths in the lungs. The left part of the heart is bigger than normal. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal, probably due to high blood pressure in the lung.
Scarring in the middle of the right lung looks the same as before. Gallstones.
Mild thickening of the airways. The thyroid is bigger than normal. The right kidney has been removed.
There is a moderate amount of fluid around both lungs. Prior heart surgery. There is a small amount of mucus around the heart.
Prior surgery of the right lung as seen before. Scarring of the tops of both lungs. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels are hardened.
Prior surgery of the top of the left lung as seen before. There is an area of fluid or inflammation that is bigger than before. Other growths in the lungs look the same as before. Signs of inflammation in the airways. Small amount of fluid around the lung. The aorta and its valve are hardened. Loss of height in a bone of the mid spine.
There are tiny growths in the lungs. The growths were not seen before.
Mucus blockage of the lungs. An area of fluid or inflammation in the top of the right lung is smaller than before and may be due to prior inflammaiton. The heart's blood vessels are hardened. Old rib fracture on the left.
Abnormal mucus in the windpipe with some loss of air. Smoking related changes. The left part of the diaphragm is higher than normal. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung as seen before. Mild damage of the airways. There is a button sized hazy gray growth in the top of the left lung. There are other hazy growths in the right lungs. Tiny growths are seen in the left lungs. Other tiny growths look the same as before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. The gallbladder has been removed. Abnormal air in the lungs.
A pencil eraser sized growth in the top of the left lung looks the same as before. Spread of cancer to the bones looks worse than before.
Hazy gray areas in the lungs look better than before. The thyroid is smaller than normal. Parts of the esophagus are widened. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened.
There are spots in the tops of the lungs. Prior surgery of the thyroid. The top of the heart is bigger than normal. Low blood count.
There are smoking related changes in the lungs. Scarring of the tops of both lungs.
A tiny growth in the left lung looks the same as before and is probably a lymph node. Sacs in the lungs are seen for the third time. Growths in the right part of the thyroid.
Prior surgery of the top of the left lung as seen before.
The airways are thickened. Mucus blockage of the lungs. The esophagus is thicker than normal. The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
A pea sized hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. The esophagus is thicker than normal, which may be due to acid reflux. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Fatty growth in one of the heart's blood vessels. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than usual, probably due to high blood pressure in the lungs. The aorta is mildly hardened. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart.
A spot in the left lung is probably a lymph node. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest.
Mild damage of the airways as seen before. Thickening of the tops of both lungs looks the same as before. The heart is enlarged as seen the last time.
There are a few new tiny growths in the lungs. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. New spots in the thymus. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Loss of air in the left lung is seen again, with some loss of air. Abnormal fluid in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before. A small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The gallbladder has been removed.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the left lung as seen before. Hazy gray growths in the lungs look the same as before. There are some small growths in the thyroid. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Thickening in the right lung is due to prior radiation treatment of the right breast. Prior surgery of the thyroid. Spread of cancer to the bones looks the same as before.
There is loss of air in the bottoms of both lungs. There are some small growths in the thyroid. Prior surgery of the esophagus and stomach. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are mild smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Small growths in the lungs look the same as before. A pencil eraser sized growth in the right lung may be a lymph node. Mild thickening of the airways. Enlarged lymph nodes in the armpits. The aorta and its valve are hardened. Loss of height of bones of mid spine.
A tiny growth in the middle of the right lung looks the same as before. Age related changes in the mid spine.
There is a tiny growth in the top of the left lung. There are some tiny growths in the thyroid. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Stones are seen in the gallbladder. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. There are some tiny growths in the thyroid. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Thickening and fluid around the right lung with loss of air looks the same as before. There is a new finger nail sized growth in the top of the left lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the right armpit. The heart is bigger than normal.
Fractures in the ribs are healed. Enlarged breast tissue.
There is loss of air in the lungs. A tiny growth in the middle of the right lung looks the same as before. A small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The gallbladder has been removed.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung as seen before. The thyroid is smaller than normal. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A patchy area of fluid or inflammaiton and hazy gray areas in the bottom of the left lung is probably due to infection.
There are severe smoking related changes in both lungs. Hazy gray areas in the bottoms of both lungs may be due to scarring. Spots in the lungs are probably due to blockage of the airways. There is a small part of the abdomen is bulging through the diaphragm. Loss of height in bone of mid spine.
The heart is bigger than normal. Enlarged lymph nodes in the left armpit. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Enlarged lymph nodes in the left armpit look worse than before. Other growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Scarring, thickening, and damage of the airways of the lungs. Hazy gray areas in the bottom of the left lung. Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The esophagus is wider than normal and a small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart. The aorta and its valve are hardened. Gallstones.
Mild hazy gray areas with thickening of the lungs. A tiny amount of fluid around the right lung is probably due to recent surgery. Prior surgery of the aorta. The heart is bigger than normal. Prior heart surgery. There is swelling of the body wall.
Hazy gray area in the tops of the lungs with some thickening. A small amount of fluid is seen around the left lung with some loss of air at the bottom of the lung. The heart is bigger than normal. Low blood count. Fluid around the lungs.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung as seen the last time. Old thickneing of the left lung. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
Mild thickening and damage of the airways. Scarring in the middle of the right lung. Tiny growth in the bottom of the left lung. A tiny growth is seen in the lung. Growths in the lungs are most likely due to infection or inflammation. The esophagus is thickened with fluid and mucus which may be due to acid reflux. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm.
Growths in the lungs look the same as before. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
A pencil eraser sized growth in the top of the left lung is bigger than before. New tiny growths in the lungs. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Other tiny growths in the lungs. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Spots in the top of the right lung with damage of the airways looks the same as before and may be cancerous. An area of fluid or inflammation and hazy gray areas in the lung looks worse than before.
A small part of the stomach bulging through the diaphragm looks the same as before. A blood clot in the right lung is seen. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The growths are the same size as normal. The gallbladder has been removed.
Thickening of the airways and mucus blockage is due to large airway disease. Thickening and sacs in the bottoms of the lungs look the same as before. Growths in the lungs. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. The liver is hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Small amount of fluid around the right lung. Prior surgery of the esophagus as seen the last time. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Fluid around the left lung with inflammation is due to a fluid filled esophageal valve. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and the aortic valve are hardened.
Prior surgery of the tops of the lungs as seen before. Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Mild smoking related changes of the lungs. A dime sized growth in the top of the left lung is larger than before. A lymph node in the left armpit is bigger than normal.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung. Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Gallstones. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Age related changes in the mid spine. Enlarged breast tissue on both sides. There is a fatty growth in the left breast tissue.
There is a lot of mucus in the windpipe. Small amount of fluid around the lungs with some loss of air at the bottoms of the lungs. Mild thickened ariways. There is an area of fluid or inflammation in the middle of the right lung with some hazy gray areas. Loss of air in the lungs is seen. A small part of the abdomen is bulging through the diaphragm. The heart is bigger than normal. Severe hardening of the valve of the aorta. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than usual.
A large spot in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Tiny growths in the lungs. The blood vessel of the aorta is mildly hardened.
There is a large amount of fluid around the left lung with some loss of air. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart. The gallbladder has been removed.
A growth in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before.
Moderate smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. There is scarring of the tops of both lungs. Tiny growths in the right lung. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Right kidney stones. Age related changes of the middle of the spine. Fractures of the right ribs are healed.
There is a large amount of air around the right lung. Hazy gray areas and areas of fluid or inflammation in both lungs are probably due to COVID. A lymph node in the chest is bigger than normal.
Mild damage of the airways, especially in the top of the right lung. Mucus blockage in the lungs. Scarring of the tops of both lungs. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The aorta is hardened. Surgery of the left breast and armpit.
There are new groups of hazy gray areas in the left lung. Mild smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The spleen is bigger than normal.
A ladybug sized growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Other tiny growths in the lungs. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
There is more fluid around both lungs than before. Loss of air and fluid around the bottoms of both lungs is seen again. There is a new fluid filled sac in the bottom of the right lung. New hazy gray areas and areas of fluid or inflammaiton in the top of the left lung may be due to swallowing something into the lungs. Spots in the tops of the lungs are seen again probably due to prior surgery or radiation. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before.
Areas of fluid or inflammation in the lungs with hazy gray areas look worse than before. New tiny amount of fluid aroun the left lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels. Low blood count.
There are smoking-related lung changes and airway damage. A growth in the top of the left lung is bigger than before with some new growths. A ladybug sized growth near the heart is the same as before. Spread of cancer to the breast bone looks the same.
There are growths in the tops of both lungs. There are smoking-related lung changes. Abnormal mucus in an airway in the right lung. A small amount of fluid is around the heart. The heart's blood vessels are hardened and there has been prior heart surgery.
Mild smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. A tiny growth in the middle of the right lung looks the same as before.
Growths in the lungs are due to airway disease. Thickening of the airways.
A tiny growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. There are some small growths in the thyroid. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Spread of cancer to the bones. A fracture in the breastbone is healed.
This should be payed more attention to on follow up. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung as seen before. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Enlarged lymph node near the windpipe.
Scarring, thickening, and hazy gray areas in the bottoms of the lungs are due to scarring. Signs of inflammaiton of the airways in the top of the right lung is seen again. There is a small amount of fluid around the lungs. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest. The esophagus is wider than normal and there is some acid in the stomach. The heart is bigger than normal as seen before. Small amount of blood around the heart.
A hazy gray growth in the top of the left lung is bigger than before. Other growths in the lungs look the same as before. Prior surgery of the aorta's valve. The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
Smoking related changes in the lungs. Scarring in the bottom of the right lung. The left part of the diaphragm is higher than normal. A small portion of the chest is bulging through the skin. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened. Abnormal pouches in the colon are seen. Left kidney stone.
A large area of fluid or inflammaiton in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before. Smoking related changes in the lungs. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart.
A pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. There are other tiny growths in the lungs. Scarring of the tops of both lungs with some hardening. The airways are thickened. Mucus blockage.
There is a lot of mucus in the windpipe. There is a tiny growth in the bottom of the left lung. Thickening and thickening in the middle of the right lung. Tiny spots in the lungs. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
There is a ladybug sized growth in the left lung. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and a valve in the heart are hardened.
A pea sized growth in the bottom of the right lung is bigger than before. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mild thickening of the airways. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and the heart's valve are hardened. A valve in the heart is hardened.
A pea sized spot in the right lung is thought to be a lymph node. A tiny growth in the bottom of the left lung is seen.
Mucus blockage of the airways. The airways are thickened. A ladybug sized growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. A pea sized hazy gray area in the tops of the left lung is seen. Loss of height in a bone of the mid spine.
There is an area of fluid or inflammaiton in the top of the right lung. Tiny growths in the lungs. A small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm. Low blood count. The gallbladder has been removed.
Tiny growth in the top of the right lung seen before is no longer seen. A tiny growth seen before in the lung is not there anymore. A ladybug sized growth seen a few times in the lungs is now the size of a pencil eraser. A pencil erasers sized growth that was seen a month ago is the same as before. Hazy gray areas seen before are smaller than before. New thickening and damage of the airways in the right breast due to prior radiation treatment. There is a small amount of fluid aroudne. The heart's blood vessel and valve of the aorta are hardened.
Prior surgery of the top of the left lung as seen before. Thickening of the airways. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There is a tiny growth in the airways of the middle of the right lung. A tiny growth is seen in the bottom of the left lung. There is a pea sized hazy gray area in the top of the lung. Tiny growths in the bottoms of the lungs. There are smoking-related lung changes. Scarring of the tops of both lungs.
Abnormal mucus in the windpipe. A ladybug sized growth in the bottom of the right lung is smaller than before. A tiny growth at the bottoms of the lungs looks the same as before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm.
Tiny growths in the lungs are seen again. Spread of cancer to the mid spine looks the same as before. Prior surgery of the left breast.
A few tiny growths are seen in the lungs. There are some small growths in the thyroid. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A tiny growth in the right lung looks the same as before and is most likely a lymph node. Prior surgery of the aorta. Severe hardened growths of the blood vessels of the heart and the aortinga. There is a sac in the left kidney. Surgery of the breastbone. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Scarring of the tops of both lungs. There is damage of the airways and scarring associated with the top of the right lung. Thickening, sacs, and loss of air of the bottoms of the lungs. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Abnormal fluid and material in the esophagus may be due to acid reflux or it not moving. The heart is bigger than normal. The beginning of the aorta is wider than usual. The main blood vessels of the lung are wider than normal, probably due to high blood pressure in the lung. Severe hardening of the blood vessel going to the heart. Low blood count. The gallbladder has been removed. Age related changes in the spine. Fluid in the body wall.
A quarter sized spot in the bottom of the right lung looks like mucus blockage. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart. Loss of height in the breastbone is seen.
Prior surgery of the left lung as seen before. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the lung that may be due to air not being able to leave the lungs. Also, there is a fluid filled sac in the top of the right lung. There are other fluid collections in the lungs, one that is bigger than the others. There may be some air where it shouldn't be in the lung. Fluid around the lungs and signs of inflammation of the lung are seen, possibly due to infection. Smoking-related lung changes. Abnormal pouches in the windpipe are seen again. The right part of the heart is larger than normal. The main blood vessel going to the lungs is wider than normal, probably due to high blood pressure in the aorta. A lymph node in the right chest is larger. A pouch in the abdomen bulges through the diaphragm. Sacs in the gallbladder, the spleen, and the pancreas are seen.
Loss of air and an area of fluid or inflammaiton in the bottom of the left lung with airways looks better than before. Hazy gray areas and growths in the top of the right lung look better than the last scan but there are still hazy gray areas. Fluid around the bottoms of the lungs is no longer seen. The heart is enlarged as seen before. Age related changes in the mid spine look the same as before. Enlarged breast tissue on the right looks the same.
Small amount of abnormal air around the left lung. Small amount of fluid around both lungs.
There is a small amount of air around the left lung. There is a spot in the top of the right lung. The spleen is bigger than normal. There are smoking related changes in the skin of the chest.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the left lung as seen before.
A few tiny growths are seen in the lungs. Mild loss of air in both lungs. The spleen is larger than normal. Sacs in the left kidney. Spread of cancer to the liver. Age related changes in the bones of the mid spine.
There are new hazy gray areas in the bottom of the right lung.
An area of fluid or inflammation in the bottoms of both lungs is bigger than before. An area of inflammation is seen in the tops of the lungs. The heart is larger than normal.
Enlarged lymph nodes in the right armpit are bigger than before with a growth that is pushing on the right part of the thyroids. An enlarged lymph node in the chest is smaller than before. Other lymph Node in the middle of the chest are smaller than normal. A lymph node near the windpipe is bigger than usual. The lymph nodes around the right lung are larger than normal, but there is less around the left lung. The growth in the top of the lung is less large than the previous size. Enlargement of the lymph nodes near the right chest is less than the last time. There is less fluid around the heart than normal as seen before.
A spot in the bottom of the right lung is most likely due to loss of air. A tiny growth in the left lung looks the same as before and is probably not cancerous. There are old rib fractures on the left as seen before.
There is loss of air in the bottom of the left lung due to a large part of the stomach bulging through the diaphragm. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A tiny growth in the top of the left lung looks the same as the last exam but other tiny growths in the lungs look the same.
Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There is a pencil eraser sized spot in the top of the left lung with some scarring. There is a tiny growth in the left upper lung. There are tiny growths in the bottom of the right lung. A tiny growth is seen in the middle of the Right lung. Pencil erasers sized growths are noted in the lung. Damage and scarring of the airways and mucus blockage in the mid right lung is seen.
A pea sized growth in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same.
There is a new area of fluid or inflammation in the bottoms of the lungs. Scarring or loss of air in the bottom of the left lung. There is less fluid around both lungs than before. Prior surgery of the esophagus and stomach. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A few tiny growths are seen in the lungs.
A pea sized growth in the top of the right lung is seen.
Growths in the lungs look worse than before. New areas of fluid or inflammation in the right lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. The esophagus is wider than normal. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Spread of cancer to the spine, breastbone, and ribs looks worse than last time.
There is loss of air in the bottoms of the lungs. Thickening of the airways. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Mild growths in the thyroid. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Severe hardening of the valve of the aorta with thickened growths in the heart and around the heart is seen again. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
There are areas of fluid or inflammaiton and thickening in the bottoms of both lungs. Scarring and loss of air in the top of the right lung. The heart is bigger than normal.
The aorta is mildly hardened. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Pneumonia in the lung looks better than before. There is less air around the lungs than the last exam but there is still some air where it shouldn't be around the right lung. Fluid around the left lung is less than normal. Mild enlargement of the breast tissue.
Severe smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Mild thickening of the airways. Prior surgery of the right lung. The beginning of the aorta is wider than normal. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Growths in the lungs look the same as before. Spots in the lung are probably lymph nodes.
A finger nail sized growth in the top of the right lung looks bigger than before. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mild smoking related changes of the lungs.
Tiny growths in the lungs. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Fluid is seen in the lungs with a small amount of fluid around both lungs. There is more fluid around the heart than before. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest are seen again. New lymph nodes around the left collar bone are seen.
Prior surgery of the right lung as seen before. Patchy areas of fluid or inflammation with damage of the airways. This looks the same as before. Growths in the thyroid. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Fluid around both lungs with some loss of air looks the same as before. A patchy pattern of the tops of both lungs may be due to small airways disease. The tops of the heart are bigger than normal. Small amount of fluid around the heart, the same amount as the before.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung. Growths in the lungs look the same as before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mild smoking related changes of the lungs.
Mild thickneing of the airways and airway damage in the bottoms of the lungs may be due to airways disease. There are smoking related changes in the lungs. The esophagus is thicker than normal, probably due to acid reflux. Large portion of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm. The heart is bigger than normal. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened. The aorta is hardened.
Enlarged lymph nodes in the left lung look the same as before. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Mild thickening of the lungs. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look bigger than before. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
There is a tiny amount of fluid around the right lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before.
There are growths in both lungs. The growths look the same as before. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Damage, thickening, and mucus blockage of the airways.
Fatty growth in the top of the abdomen.
Fluid in the windpipe. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Tiny growths in the lung look the same as before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
There are smoking related changes and scarring of the tops of both lungs. The airways are thickened. A small part of the stomach bulging through the diaphragm looks the same as before. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened.
There is damage of the airways and mucus blockage in the bottom of the left lung. There is a group of tiny spots in the lungs. The heart's blood vessel, its valve and the aorta's valve are hardened. Gallstones. Sacs in the left kidney.
The tops of the heart are bigger than normal. The beginning of the aorta is wider than usual. The main blood vessels of the lung are wider thannormal. The heart's blood vessel, the heart's valves, and the aporta's valve are hardened. The right breastbone is hardened. Age related changes in the right shoulder.
Tiny spots in the top of the left lung are due to inflammaiton. The heart is bigger than normal. Prior heart surgery.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. A pencil eraser sized growth in the right chest looks the same.
There is an area of fluid or inflammation in the bottom of the right lung with airway damage and growths. A tiny growth is seen in the top of the left lung. Loss of air in the middle of the lung. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm and the end of the esophagus is thickened probably due to a growth seen before. The blood vessels of the heart, the aorta, and its valve are mildly hardened.
Mild thickening of the airways. Hazy gray areas in the lungs are no longer seen. There is more thickening with some airway damage in the left lung.
A ladybug sized growth in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same. Mild damage and mucus blockage of the airways in the left lung is seen again. Loss of height in a bone of the mid spine.
Severe smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Other tiny growths in the lung look the same as before. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. Severe hardens of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. The aortas valve is hardened. Age-related changes of the middle of the spine.
Growths in the top of the left lung look smaller than before. New tiny growth in the bottom of the right lung. New signs of inflammaiton and signs of inflammation in the airways. The heart is bigger than normal. The hearts valves and aorta are hardened. Hardening of a left rib looks the same as before.
There is a patchy pattern of the lungs with some thickening. Tiny growths in the lungs. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Mild thickening of the airways. New groups of tiny growths in the top of the right and left lung. New tiny growth in the right lung. The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
There is mucus in the windpipe. Mild thickening of the airways. Prior surgery of the top of the right lung. There is less fluid around the left lung than before. Growths in both lungs look the same as before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest are bigger than normal. The beginning of the aorta is wider thannormal. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The main blood vessel of the lung is bigger than usual.
A few small growths in the lungs look the same as before. Enlarged lymph node in the chest looks the same. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The valve of the aorta is wider than normal.
A large growth in the top of the left lung is bigger than before. A quarter sized growth is now the size of a grape. A ladybug sized growth looks the same as before. The airways are thickened. Enlarged lymph node in the chest that is next to the growth. A fingernail sized hazy gray growth with a pencil eraser-sized hardend look of the right lung that looks the the same size as the left. A finger nail sized growth on the left side of the lung is smaller than normal. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels are hardened. There is a small amount of fluid around the heart as seen before. Parts of the esophagus are widened and have fluid and debris.
Mild damage of the airways of the bottoms of the lungs. A group of tiny spots in the top of the right lung may be due to small airways disease. Scarring at the bottom of the lung. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
A pencil eraser sized hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before.
Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are hazy gray areas in both lungs. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta's valve. The beginning of the esophagus is widder than usual.
Loss of air in the middle of the right lung looks the same as before and is probably due to a growth. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest are smaller than before. Loss of height in a bone of the mid spine looks the the same.
Mildly thickened ariways. Scarring of the tops of both lungs. New small amount of fluid aroun the right lung. Tiny growths in the lungs. The heart is bigger than normal. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal, probably due to high blood pressure in the lung. The aorta is hardened. Prior surgery of the chest. Age related changes in the spine and right shoulder.
Hardened growths in the top of the right lung look the same as before. Growths in the chest and lungs are hardened. Large portion of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. A valve in the heart is hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Scarring and loss of air in the bottom of the right lung looks the same. The esophagus is wider than normal.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Tiny growths in the lungs. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mildly thickened ariways. Hazy gray areas in the bottom of the left lung may be due to infection or inflammation. A small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm.
There is a tiny growth in the bottom of the right lung. Enlarged lymph node in the right armpit. The gallbladder has been removed.
Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Enlarged lymph nodes in the left neck. Soft tissue around the heart is bigger than normal.
A few signs of inflammation of the airways. Signs of airway blockage. Fluid in the chest.
Severe hardening of the blood vessels with stents. Fluid around the heart looks the same as before.
Tiny growths in the lungs. Mild smoking-related lung changes. There is a button sized growth in the left part of the thyroid.
Fluid is seen in the windpipe, airways, and airways of the left lung with areas of fluid or inflammation and loss of air. There is some air loss in the right lung. Sacs in the liver.
There is a tiny amount of fluid around the left lung with some loss of air. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphram.
Prior surgery of the aorta. There is a small amount of fluid and air in the chest where it shouldn't be around the drain is. The beginning of the esophagus is wider than normal. The liver is bigger than usual. The gallbladder is enlarged. The pancreas is larger thannormal.
There is loss of air in the bottoms of both lungs. Age related changes in the mid spine.
A spot in the chest looks the same as before. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung as seen before. A quarter sized growth in the right lower lung is bigger than before. Another finger nail sized growth near surgery in the lung looks the same as before. Loss of air and patchy pattern of the left lung is probably due to small airway disease. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. The aorta's valve is hardened. A small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm.
There is a pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the right lung. There is a small amount of fluid around the left lung. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Enlarged lymph node in the chest.
There is loss of air in the bottoms of both lungs. Growths in the bottom of the right lung are bigger than before. There is a small amount of mucus in the lungs. The esophagus is thickened as seen before. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphram.
A few tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
An area of fluid or inflammation in the bottom of the left lung is likely to be due to loss of air. There are smoking related changes in the lungs. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart that is probably due to a blood clot.
A pea sized hardened growth in the right lung looks the same as the last exam but a pea-sized hazy gray growths in the bottom of the left lung look the same.
Growths in the thymus.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
A port in the left chest has been removed. Spots in the tops of both lungs and the bottoms of the left lung look the same as before. Thickening of the right lung looks the same. Abnormal mucus or inflammation is seen in the esophagus. Prior surgery of the liver.
There is a tiny amount of fluid around both lungs with nearby areas of fluid or inflammation. There is an area of inflammation in the middle of the right lung.
A few tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Scarring and loss of air in the top of the right lung is seen again. Mild damage of the airways. Enlarged lymph node in the right part of the chest as seen before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened as seen the last.
Widening of the top of the aorta looks the same as before.
New hazy gray areas in the top of the right lung are probably due to inflammaiton. A new small amount of fluid is seen around the lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the right armpit look smaller than before. Small amount of mucus around the heart.
Spots in both lungs are probably lymph nodes. There are other growths in the lungs. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest.
Loss of air in the left lung and the middle of the lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the right armpit are bigger than before. The thyroid is bigger than normal and there has been prior thyroid surgery.
There is a hazy gray area and patchy pattern of the lungs that may have many causes. There is loss of air in the middle of the lung. A tiny growth is seen in the top of the left lung. Fat around the left heart is probably due to a prior heart attack. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels. There are spots in the right breast.
Smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs are seen again. Scarring in the top of the left lung looks the same as before with some damage of the airways. A pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the right lung is new. A tiny growth is seen in the lower right lung. Loss of height in bones of the mid spine is seen for the second time. New hazy gray areas in both lungs with more spots in the right lungs are probably due to inflammation. New loss of air and scarring is seen at the bottoms of both lungs. The airways are thickened. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. The valve of the anorta is severly hardened.
Growths in both lungs look the same as before. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Prior surgery of the right breast.
Moderate smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Growths in the lung look the same as before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. The gallbladder has been removed. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Moderate smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Scarring or loss of air in the left lung. Severe hardens of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Loss of height in bones of mid spine.
Fluid around both lungs with some loss of air. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
There is mild damage of the airways. There is loss of air in the bottom of the left lung. Fluid around the right lung is no longer seen. Less fluid around the lung than before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the left armpit look the same as before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Hardening of valves in the heart and heart.
Areas of fluid or inflammation, loss of air, and damage of the airways in the top of the right lung are seen again and are due to prior radiation treatment. Spread of cancer to the rib cage looks the same as before.
The right part of the diaphragm is higher than normal with some loss of air in the bottom of the right lung. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Abnormal mucus in the windpipe and airways. This needs to be followed up. Fatty liver.
Hazy gray areas in the bottom of the left lung are no longer seen. There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs with fluid in the airways. Abnormal mucus in the windpipe. Mildly thickened ariways. Hazy gray area in the top of the right lung may be due to lung disease.
Hazy gray growths in the top of the right lung. Part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung. Growths in both lungs look the same as before. A small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm.
A few tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Loss of air and scarring and loss of air in the bottoms of both lungs is seen again. Enlarged lymph nodes in the left armpit and near the aorta look the the same. An enlarged lymph node in the right chest looks the same the last time. The main blood vessel of the lung is bigger than normal, probably due to high blood pressure in the lung. The heart's blood vessels, aortas, and its valve are mildly hardened. There is enlargement of breast tissue on both sides.
Hazy gray areas and areas of fluid or inflammaiton in the lungs are probably due to swallowing something into the lungs or infection. A small amount of fluid is seen around the left lung. Low blood count.
There is new fluid around both lungs with some loss of air. Changes in the bottoms of the lungs. New hazy gray area in the top of the lung with some thickening which may be due to infection or swelling. Fluid in the lungs and thickening of the airways is seen again. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest.
A large growth in the top of the left lung looks better than before. There is less thickening and hazy gray areas in the left upper lung than the last exam. A growth in there looks smaller than before with less blockage of the airways. Signs of airway inflammation in the bottom of the right lung look better than the previous exam. There are signs of growths in the lower left lung that are getting better. Fluid around the left lungs is no longer seen. The airways are mildly thickened. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened. Prior surgery of the breast bone and armpit.
Smoking related changes and growths in the tops of the lungs are probably due to inflammaiton. Hardening of the bottom of the right lung is seen again.
The right part of the diaphragm is higher than normal as seen before. The valve of the aorta is mildly hardened. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels. Spots in the ribs are probably due to spread of cancer.
Abnormal mucus in the windpipe with thickening of the airways. Mild smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. The esophagus is thickened. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and the aortic valve are hardened. Enlarged breast tissue.
A tiny growth in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Abnormal mucus in the windpipe and airways of the right lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The growth looks the same a the last scan but there is some loss of air in the bottom of the left lung. Prior surgery of the thyroid. A small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm. The blood vessels of the heart are severely hardened. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal, which may be due to high blood pressure in the lung.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mucus blockage of the lungs. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
Damage of the airways in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before and is probably due to prior infection. Thickening in the right and left lung may be due to fluid in the lungs. The spleen has been removed. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. A valve in the heart is hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Damage, thickening, and mucus blockage of the airways of the bottoms of the lungs is seen again. An area of fluid or inflammaiton in the right lung is smaller than before. New hazy gray area in the tops of both lungs may be due to infection or inflammation. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Fluid is seen in the windpipe. Part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
The thyroid is smaller than normal. Prior surgery of the left armpit.
There is a new small amount of fluid around the right lung. There is less effluid around the left lung than before. Low blood count.
There are smoking related changes and airway damage. A pea sized growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. Enlarged lymph node near the windpipe. This needs to be followed up.
Fluid around the right lung is less than before. Growths in the right part of the lung look smaller than the left. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. A lymph node near the heart is bigger than normal. A small part of stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Cancer in the left breast with thickening of the skin. Spread of cancer to the bones looks the same to the next exam. Fractures in the ribs on both sides are healing.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Mild hardenedness of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Scarring of the bottom of the right lung. Hardening of the aorta is seen. Fractures in the right ribs are healed.
Scarring with hardening of the lungs is probably due to acid reflux.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung as seen before. There is damage and blockage of the airways with mucus. Hazy gray growths in the lungs. Other hazy growths look the same as before. The esophagus is wider than normal and has abnormal material. The heart is bigger than normal. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Hazy gray areas in the top of the right lung could be due to infection or inflammaiton. Spots in the bottoms of the lungs are probably due to loss of air. A pea sized growth in the left lung may be a lymph node. A lymph node in the chest is bigger than normal. Prior surgery of the left breast.
There is thickening, damage, blockage, and blockage of the airways with mucus. This looks worse than before. Patchy pattern of the lungs could have many causes. There are growths in the thyroid. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung as seen before. Hazy gray growths in the lungs look the same as the last scan but look worse than before. Other tiny growths are the same size as before. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Stones are seen in the gallbladder. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Severe smoking related changes of the lungs. Mild damage of the airways. Spots in the top of the right lung look better than before and are likely to be healing. New ladybug sized spot in the tops of the left lung. Scarring in the right part of the lung. Abnormal mucus in the lungs is probably due to mucus blockage. Part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Fluid is seen in the esophagus. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened. The gallbladder has been removed.
Signs of inflammaiton of the airways. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The beginning of the aorta is wider than normal. Age related changes in the mid spine. Old rib fractures.
There is mild damage of the airways. Fluid in the windpipe.
Moderate smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Growths in the bottom of the right lung look the same as before. Enlarged lymph node near the windpipe. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age-related changes of the middle of the spine.
A growth in the middle of the right lung looks smaller than before. Prior surgery of the top of the left lung. Hardening of a bone of the mid spine looks the same as before.
A few tiny growths are seen in the lungs. Loss of air and scarring of the bottom of the left lung.
Growths in the thyroid. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are new hazy gray areas in the bottom of the lungs. Scarring of the tops of both lungs. New spot in the top of the right lung is probably due to scarring. This should be payed attention to on follow up. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Mild thickening of the airways. Spot in the left breast is bigger than before.
Thickening in the tops of the lungs is probably due to prior radiation. The blood vessels of the aorta are mildly hardened. Prior surgery of both breasts.
There is some scarring of the tops of the lungs. Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The thyroid is bigger than normal. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The gallbladder has been removed.
There is loss of air in the bottom of the right lung. There are hazy gray areas in the tops of the lungs. A tiny growth in the bottoms of the left lung looks the same as before. The gallbladder has been removed. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A few small growths are seen in the lungs. Growths in the thyroid. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Smoking related changes in the lungs. The airways are thickened. Signs of inflammation in the airways. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and a valve in the heart are hardened. The gallbladder has been removed. Prior surgery of the left breast.
Scarring of the lungs, damage of the airways, loss of air, hazy gray areas, and new fluid in the lung is probably due to swallowing something into the lungs. A tiny growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Part of the esophagus is thicker than normal and part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Low blood count.
There are smoking related changes in the lungs. Hazy gray areas in the right lung. Fatty liver.
There are growths in both lungs that are probably due to spread of cancer. Damage of the airways of the bottoms of both lungs.
There is a moderate amount of fluid around the right lung with some loss of air and scarring. There is thickening of the lungs. Enlarged lymph node in the middle of the chest. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. A valve in the heart is hardened. Spots in the left shoulder joint.
Fluid around the left lung is less than before. The heart is bigger than normal. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart, the same as before. Low blood count. Old rib fractures on the right look the same.
Growth in the left lung with nearby thickening looks the same as before. A small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm. Stones are seen in the gallbladder. Spots in the spine, breastbone, and ribs are seen again.
Prior surgery of the top of the left lung as seen before. There is new lymph node in the chest. Enlarged breast tissue.
Hardened spots in the right lung are seen again.
There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Mild thickneing of the airways. Hazy gray growths in the lungs look smaller than before. Enlarged lymph node in the left armpit has decreased in size. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Growths in the lungs look the same as before. Enlarged lymph node in the chest looks the same.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
A tiny growth in the top of the left lung looks the same as before. Loss of air in the bottoms of both lungs. Enlarged lymph node in the left armpit as seen before. Age related changes in the spine.
Smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Scarring in the top of both lungs.
Smoking related changes. A tiny growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. New tiny growths in the top of the right lung. Fatty liver.
Fractures of the left ribs. Fractures in the right ribs are healed.
Tiny growths in the bottom of the right lung.
A tiny hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung is probably due to inflammaiton.
Smoking related changes in the lungs are seen again. A tiny growth in the top of the left lung is smaller than before. Tiny growths in the lung look the same as before.
Hazy gray areas and areas of fluid or inflammaiton in the bottoms of both lungs are probably due to covid. A lymph node in the chest is bigger than normal and may be due to infection. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The aorta is mildly hardened. Enlarged breast tissue.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Fluid around both lungs with some loss of air is seen again, increased on the right. The thyroid is bigger than normal and has growths as seen the last time. Loss of height and fractures in the spine and ribs are seen again.
Spread of cancer to the right lung is worse than before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look smaller than normal.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mild smoking related changes of the lungs. Enlarged lymph node in the right armpit is bigger than before. Lymph nodes in the chest are bigger than normal.
Smoking-related lung changes and airway damage. A ladybug sized hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as the last scan but there is a tiny growth at the bottoms of the left lung. A tiny growths in the bottom of the leave lung looks that same as before.
There is a ladybug sized growth in the top of the left lung. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The thyroid is bigger than normal. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Spread of cancer to the bones looks the same from the last scan.
A few small growths are seen in the lungs. Spot in a right rib looks the same as before.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened.
A few tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Hazy gray growths in the top of the left lung look the same as before. There are some tiny growhts in the thyroid. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
A pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the right lung is larger than before. A tiny growth on the top of the left lung is bigger than the previous exam. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The esophagus is wider than normal. Prior heart surgery. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and valves. Loss of height in a bone of the mid spine.
A ladybug sized growth in the bottom of the right lung and a tiny growths in the left lung look the same as before. Scarring or loss of air in the middle of the lung. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Growths in both lungs look smaller than before.
Moderate smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Growths in the lung look the same as before. There is fluid around the neck, chest, and around the aorta's valve. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung. A pencil eraser sized growth in the bottoms of the lungs looks the same as before. The aorta and its valve are hardened.
The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung as seen before. A large growth in the right lower lung is bigger than normal. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The esophagus is thickened and there is some inflammation which may be due to acid reflux. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. A blood clot is seen in one of the blood vessels of the heart.
Mild thickening of the top of the left lung. Spread of cancer to the rib cage looks the same as before. Prior surgery of both breasts.
There is a large amount of fluid around both lungs, fluid in the lungs, spots and areas of fluid or inflammation in the bottoms of both lungs. Enlarged lymph node near the windpipe. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Fluid around the left lung is no longer seen with hazy gray areas and areas of fluid or inflammation. There is loss of air in the bottom of the right lung. The heart is enlarged.
Prior surgery of the top of the left lung as seen before. Growths in the lungs look the same as before. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Spots and damage of the airways of the top of the right lung look the same as the last scan but may be due to inflammaiton. New growths in the lungs. A ladybug sized growth in the right part of the lung is bigger than before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Hazy gray areas in the bottom of both lungs are most likely due to loss of air. Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Enlarged lymph node in the chest is bigger than normal. The beginning of the aorta is wider than usual. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
There are hazy gray areas in the top of the right lung that may be due to inflammaiton. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Thickening of the bottoms of both lungs with some loss of air and damage of the airways looks the same as the last scan but may be due to high blood pressure in the lungs.
Abnormal fluid in the airways with thickened airways. Severe smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Prior surgery of the esophagus. Fluid around both lungs is no longer seen. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels are hardened.
A pencil eraser sized growth in the middle of the right lung looks the same as the last scan but a pea sized hazy gray growths in the top of the left lung that is growing through the diaphragm looks the the same. Scarring and loss of air in the bottoms of both lungs is seen again.
Scarring, thickeing, and damage of the airways is due to scarring. Air is not able to leave the lungs. Prior surgery of the bottom of the left lung. The esophagus is thicker than normal, which may be due to acid reflux. Parts of the stomach are widened. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than usual, probably due to high blood pressure in the heart. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
A few small growths in the lungs look the same as before. Loss of air in the bottom of the right lung is seen again. Part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm and the esophagus is wider than normal.
Enlarged blood clots in the lungs look better than before.
There is less fluid around the top of the right lung than before. There is new air around the bottom of the left lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before.
The thyroid is smaller than normal. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Signs of inflammaiton of the airways with new hazy gray areas in the right lung is seen again and is probably due to inflammation. Loss of air in the bottom of the right lun looks the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened.
Abnormal mucus in the windpipe and airways. The airways are thickened probably due to airways disease. There is mucus blockage in the lungs. There are smoking-related lung changes. Hazy gray areas in the bottom of the left lung look the same as before. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The aorta and its valve are hardened. Gallstones. Abnormal curvature of the spine.
Hazy gray growths in the lungs look the same as before. The airways are thickened. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
There is an airway in the right lung. The bottom of the left lung is collapsed.
A few tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Scarring and thickening of the airways is due to scarring. Other growths and hazy gray areas in the lungs look the same as before. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The thymus is bigger than normal. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than usual. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Smoking related changes and airway damage. Spots in both lungs look the same as before. Hazy gray areas in the bottom of the right lung are seen again and are probably due to inflammaiton. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest are seen. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung. There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. There is more thickneing of the lung which may be due to smoking related lung disease. There has been prior radiation treatment of the left breast. Fatty growth in the top of the heart. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. The left breast has been treated with surgery.
Fluid in the lungs and hazy gray areas in both lungs may be due to fluid or inflammaiton. Enlarged lymph node in the right lung is bigger than before. Other lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. The heart's blood vessel wall is hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung as seen before. There is less fluid around the left lung than before. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels. Abnormal pouches in the colon are seen. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Abnormal mucus in the windpipe and thickening of the airways. Smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. There is some mild airway damage.
Scarring of the tops of both lungs.
A ladybug sized hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Other hazy growths in the lungs. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. The gallbladder has been removed. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung and the middle of the left lung. Loss of air in the lungs is seen again. A part of the lung is bulging through the diaphragm as seen before. Abnormal mucus in the windpipe. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened.
Mildly thickened ariways. Damage of the airways of the bottoms of the lungs. Scarring in the top of the right lung and the lower right lung. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The esophagus is thicker than normal, which may be due to acid reflux. The heart is bigger than normal. The beginning of the aorta is wider than usual. Loss of height of bones of mid spine.
There is a group of tiny spots in the lungs that may be due to airways disease. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Fluid around the right lung is bigger than before with loss of air in the right base. Damage of the airways and thickening of both lungs is seen again and is probably due to prior covid. Widening of the top of the aorta looks the same as before. High blood pressure in the lungs. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The spleen has been removed. The spine is curved.
Spread of cancer to the lungs. Growths in the lungs look the same as before. The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
Smoking related changes and growths in the tops of the lungs are seen again, likely due to inflammaiton of the airways. A pencil eraser sized growth in the top of the left lung looks the same as before. Loss of air, thickening, and hardening of the lung is seen again.
A ladybug sized growth in the bottom of the right lung is no longer seen. Other growths in the lungs look the same as before. Scarring of the skin around the lungs looks the same. Enlarged lymph nodes in the right chest look the the same a previously seen. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung as seen before. Patchy pattern of the lungs could be due to air not being able to leave the lungs. Fatty growth in the tops of the heart. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal. The heart's blood vessel, its valve and the aorta's valve are hardened. Fat in the liver.
There are hazy gray areas and signs of fluid in the airways of the bottoms of both lungs with signs of loss of air. Abnormal air in the bottom of the lungs with some airway damage. Prior surgery of the mid spine.
Fluid around the right lung with some loss of air is seen again. Hazy gray areas in the top of the left lung are no longer seen. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest. The thyroid is larger than normal with some hardening. A bruise in the breastbone is gone and there has been prior surgery in the heart. The heart is bigger than normal. Hardening of the aorta.
There is thickening of the airways. Scarring in the bottom of the right lung. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels are hardened. Spread of cancer to the bones.
Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and valves. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs. Mild damage of the airways in the bottom of the left lung. Hardening of the aorta and blood vessels of the heart.
