Spread of cancer to the lungs looks better than before. A pea sized growth in the top of the left lung looks smaller than the last exam. A ladybug sized spot in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before. Hardened lymph nodes in the left lungs. The thyroid has been removed.
Mild damage, blockage, and thickening of the airways may be due to large airways disease. Severe hardening of part of the aorta. A valve in the heart is severly hardened.
A few tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Growths in the lungs look the same as before. The thyroid is bigger than normal. Enlarged lymph nodes in both lungs and the chest are seen again. The gallbladder has been removed.
Mild damage of the airways. Hazy gray areas in the left lung. Part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The gallbladder has been removed.
There is a tiny growth in the top of the left lung.
Spots and hazy gray areas in the top of the right lung look worse than before. This should be payed attention to on follow up. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Tiny growths in the lungs. Damage and blockage of the airways with mucus. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Areas of fluid or inflammaiton, loss of air, and fluid around the bottom of the right lung are no longer seen. There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Enlarged lymph node in the chest is no longer there. Old fractures in the right ribs.
There is some loss of air in the bottoms of both lungs. There is some fat in the liver.
There is a new fluid filled sac in the middle of the right lung. Old loss of air in the bottom of the left lung. New hazy gray area and hazy areas in the left lungs. Damage and blockage of the airways with a growth is seen again. Hazy gray spots in the top right lung look worse than before. A growth in the lower left lung looks the same as before. Fractures in the right ribs are healed.
Patchy spots across both lungs with some haziness in the bottoms of the lungs. Small amount of air in the chest.
A large growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as the last scan but looks worse than before. A large growth near the left upper lung is the same size as before. There is more fluid around the lungs with growths and spread of cancer to the right lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the heart are stably bigger than normal. An enlarged lymph node in the chest is seen. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Low blood count.
There is mild damage of the airways of the bottom of the right lung with some mucus blockage. Loss of air in the left lung is seen again. A small part of the stomach bulging through the diaphragm looks the same as before.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung. The airways are thickened. Severe smoking related changes in the lungs. Patchy spots in the top of the left lung may be due to infection. The esophagus has been removed. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
Prior surgery of the top of the left lung. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
A tiny growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Enlarged lymph node in the left armpit. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The top of the left lung has been treated with radiation before.
Mild hardening of the aorta. Prior surgery of the right breast and armpit.
Growths in the middle of the right lung, signs of inflammation in the airways, and scarring are seen again and are probably due to small airways disease. There is scarring of the tops of both lungs. Mild loss of air in the bottoms of the lungs.
A few growths in the lungs look the same as before. Hardening of the lungs. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A growth in the top of the right lung is blocking the airways. Enlarged lymph nodes in the right windpipe and chest look the same or may be worse than before. There are growths in the shoulder.
An area of fluid or inflammation in the bottom of the left lung is seen again. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and the aortas valve are hardened. Abnormal fluid in the lung to the left chest wall is bigger than before.
There is a new pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the right lung. There are other tiny growths in the lung. The heart is bigger than normal as seen before. Smoking related changes in the lungs. A lymph node near the aorta is larger than normal. Age related changes of the spine. Prior surgery of the left breast.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. A button sized growth in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before. The thyroid is bigger than normal. There is a pouch in the top of the aorta. Severe hardening of both sides of the heart's blood vessels and valves.
A tiny growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Loss of air in the bottoms of the left lung is seen again. A small part of the stomach bulging through the diaphragm looks thesame as the last time. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened. Enlarged breast tissue.
Enlarged lymph nodes in both armpits look the same as before. New tiny growth in the top of the right lung.
Thickening and damage of the airways is due to airways. There are growths in the bottom of the left lung. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
The tops of both lungs are scarred. Mucus blockage of the lungs. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The valve of the aorta is hardened.
Spots in the bottom of the left lung are probably due to swallowing something in the lungs. A small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm. Gallstones.
A large spot in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Other small growths in the lungs. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same they before. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Spread of cancer to the bones looks thesame as the last.
A large part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Spread of cancer to a bone of the mid spine looks the same as before.
A pencil eraser sized growth in the top of the right lung and other growths in the lungs look the same as before. Hazy gray area in the bottom of the left lung is no longer seen and was probably due to inflammaiton. Smoking related changes and damage of the airways in the tops of the lungs is seen again. Mild mucus blockage in the left side of the heart. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened as seen the last time. Hardening of a valve in the heart and some of the valve's valve are hardened.
The heart's blood vessels and valve of the aorta are hardened.
There are groups of tiny growths in the bottom of the left lung. Prior surgery of the esophagus and stomach. There is fluid and inflammation in the stomach. The beginning of the aorta is wider than normal. The heart's blood vessels are hardened. Stones are seen in the gallbladder. Old fracture of a right rib.
Growths in both lungs look the same as before. A pencil eraser sized growth in the right part of the thyroid looks the same. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Thickening of the lungs and hazy gray areas in the lung are probably due to fluid in the lungs. Patchy pattern of the lung could have many causes. The tops of the heart are bigger than normal. Hardened valves in the heart and aorta are seen.
Scarring in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened.
Scarring of the tops of both lungs. Hazy gray area in the bottom of the right lung is no longer seen. Soft tissue spot in the right hilum looks the same as before. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The heart's blood vessels and valve are hardened.
A pea sized growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. The gallbladder has been removed.
There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Growths in the thymus.
Growths in both lungs look smaller than before. Fractures in the right ribs are healed.
Parts of the esophagus are widened. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened. Spread of cancer to the bones.
Prior treatment of the top of the left lung with radiaiton. Spots in the right lung look worse than before and thickening of the bottom of the right lobe is seen again. There is more fluid around the left side of the lung than before. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the left lung as seen before. There are smoking related changes and scarring in the tops of the lungs. Enlarged lymph node near the windpipe looks the same as before. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Hardened spot in a bone of the mid spine is bigger than before.
Abnormal fluid in the airways of the top of the right lung. There is mild thickening and damage of the airway. Scarring of the tops of both lungs. Thickening of the lungs looks better than before. Hazy gray areas and areas of fluid or inflammation in the lungs look the same as before. Spots and hazy gray areas in the bottom of the left lung look better than the last exam. There are groups of tiny spots in the left lungs that may be due to airway disease. Small amount of fluid around the right side of the lung as seen before. Fluid seen before is no longer seen. The esophagus has been removed. The heart is bigger than normal. Hardened of the heart's blood vessels and aorta.
A large growth in the right lung is blocking the airways. There are other growths in the lungs. Abnormal fluid in the aorta and blood vessels of the heart. Growths in the left adrenal gland.
Prior surgery of the right lung as seen before. Prior surgery of a valve in the heart and the aorta's valve. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and valves. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A pea sized growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. Age related changes in the middle of the spine. New pea-sized spot in the skin in the right back.
Mild thickening of the airways with some mucus blockage. New ladybug sized hazy gray area in the bottom of the right lung. New hazy areas in the right lungs. New signs of inflammaiton in the airway of the top of the left lung. Loss of height in a bone of the lower spine looks the same as before. The left half of the thyroid has been removed. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and the aortas valve are hardened.
Mild damage of the airways. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Other small growths in the lung. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. The beginning of the aortas is hardened. The gallbladder has been removed. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
There are severe smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs with fluid filled sacs in the lungs. There is scarring of the top of both lungs. The airways are thickened. A ladybug sized growth in the bottom of the right lung is smaller than before. Mucus blockage of the airways in the right upper lung is no longer seen. A pea sized spot in the left top of the left lung may be due to mucus. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm.
Spots and growths in the bottom of the right lung are seen again.
There are lots of secretions in the windpipe. Damage of the airways is seen again. Some of the sacs are filled with air. Signs of inflammaiton in the lungs. Patchy spots in the top of the right lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the middle of the spine. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened. Hardening of a valve in the heart.
A pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. Some tiny growths in the lungs are hard to see. A ladybug sized spot in the right part of the thyroid is seen again. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal, probably due to high blood pressure in the lung. There are blood clots in the left chest. Loss of height in a bone of the mid spine.
Abnormal fluid in the windpipe. Hazy gray areas in the lungs look worse than before with a new area of fluid or inflammation in the top of the right lung. There is more fluid around the right lungs than before. Spots in the right part of the lung look the same as before. Small amount of mucus around the heart. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Areas of fluid or inflammation in the top of the right lung and the bottoms of both lungs look worse than before. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal.
Damage and blockage of the airways with mucus is due to large airways disease. Scarring or loss of air in the lungs. Tiny growths in the bottom of the right lung. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Mild loss of air in the lungs. There are a few sacs in the bottom of the right lung. A few tiny growths are seen in the lung, some are hardened. Prior heart surgery. Fracture of a right rib.
Mild damage of the airways in the bottom of the right lung. There is a group of tiny growths in the top of the left lung with some hardening. The valve of the aorta is mildly hardened.
Thickening and fluid around the lungs is seen. There are hazy gray areas across both lungs with areas of fluid or inflammation in both lungs. Enlarged lymph nodes in the middle of the spine. The heart is bigger than normal. The beginning of the aorta is wider than usual. The blood vessels of the heart are bigger thannormal. The valve of the anorta may be mildly hardened.
A spot in the left lung is probably a lymph node. Enlarged lymph node in the chest. Spots in a left rib. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Mild thickening of the airways with some mucus blockage. There is a pea sized hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung. There are blood clots in the right jugular vein.
Tiny growths in the lungs. The thyroid is smaller than normal. The esophagus is thicker than normal, which may be due to acid reflux. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Fatty growth in the top of the heart. The heart's blood vessels are hardened. The gallbladder has been removed. Age related changes in the spine.
Mild thickening of the airways. There is a tiny hazy gray growth in the top of the left lung.
The bottom of the right lung is collapsing. Spread of cancer to the lungs looks the same as before. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and a valve in the heart are hardened. Hardened of the liver. Hardening of the breast bone. Abnormal pouches in the breast are seen. There is abnormal fluid in the abdomen. The soft tissues are swollen.
Mild thickening of the airways. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Hazy gray areas and areas of fluid or inflammaiton seen before are no longer seen with some scarring in the bottom of the left lung. Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The esophagus is less thickened than before. Growths in the thyroid. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A large growth in the right lung looks the same as before. Small growths in the lungs. Mild damage of the airways. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. The aortas valve is hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Spots in the bottoms of both lungs with airways may be due to swallowing something into the lungs or airway. Other hazy gray areas in the lungs may be related. Old fractures in the left ribs.
There is some loss of air in the bottoms of both lungs.
A few tiny growths in the lungs.
Mild damage and thickening of the airways of the bottoms of the lungs. There are smoking-related lung changes. There is scarring of the tops of both lungs. Mild thickening in the bottom of the left lung is thought to be due to blood clots. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels are hardened. Gallstones.
There is mild loss of air in the bottoms of both lungs. There is a tiny growth in the top of the left lung. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Groups of growths in the top of the right lung look smaller than before. Other growth in the lungs look the same as before. The thyroid is bigger than normal. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Loss of air in the left lung looks the same as before. There is fluid in the windpipe. Growths in the lungs look the same.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. A ladybug sized hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung looks the same.
There is a large growth in the top of the right lung which is pressing on the lung. A pea sized growh in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. Enlarged lymph nodes near the windpipe. Lymph nodes in the chest are bigger than normal. There is a small amount of fluid around the heart. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. The gallbladder has been removed. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Scarring or loss of air in the bottoms of the lungs. Mild damage of the airways. There is a pencil eraser sized hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung. There are hazy growths in the bottom of the left lung. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Small growths in the bottom of the left lung look the same as before. A patchy pattern in the bottoms of the lungs may be due to small airways disease. Enlarged lymph node in the left armpit looks the same. A quarter sized growth in the right part of the thyroid looks thesame as the last scan. The tops of the heart are bigger than normal as seen the last time. A valve in the heart is hardened. Prior heart surgery. Mild hardening of the hearts valves.
There are areas of fluid or inflammaiton and loss of air in the bottoms of both lungs. An area of inflammation in the lung looks better than before. Growths in the lungs look the same as before. There is abnormal material in the windpipe and airways. The top of the heart is bigger than normal. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the hearts and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There is loss of air in the bottom of the left lung. Patchy spots in the top of the right lung. New fluid around both lungs. New large amount of fluid around the heart. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Growths in the lungs. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are smoking related changes in the lungs. Hazy gray areas in the right lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Hardened spots in the bones are probably due to spread of cancer.
Growths in both lungs. There is a group of growths in the tops of both lobes. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. The aortas valve is severly hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Thickening and damage of the airways of the lungs is probably due to scarring. There are hardened spots in both lungs. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Smoking related changes, damage, thickening, and mucus blockage of the airways of the tops of the lungs. Growths in the left lung look the same as before. Enlarged lymph node in the chest is bigger than normal. There is hardening of the left breast.
A tiny growth in the middle of the right lung looks the same as before.
There is a tiny amount of fluid around the right lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the left chest look the same as before.
A spot in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Severe smoking related changes in the lungs. Thickening of the airways. There are spots in the aorta and its valve. The gallbladder has been removed. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Tiny growths in the lungs. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
Loss of air or scarring may be due to loss of air. Prior surgery of the heart as seen before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Prior surgery of the aorta's valve and the heart. Abnormal fluid in the esophagus and fat in the chest is due to prior surgery. The left part of the heart is wider than normal.
Spots in the bottoms of both lungs with airways may be due to fluid in the airways or infection. Enlargement of the breast tissue is seen.
There is a thickening of the airways which may be due to inflammaiton or asthma. Abnormal air in the chest and neck. There is air where it shouldn't be around the esophagus.
Small spots in the lungs. Smoking-related lung changes. There is a tiny amount of fluid around both lungs.
There is a new area of fluid or inflammation in the top of the right lung. There are new growths in the right upper lung. Loss of air in the bottom of the left lung looks worse than before. The heart is bigger than normal.
Thickening of the tops of the lungs may be due to some fluid in the lungs. There is some loss of air in the left lung. A pencil eraser sized hazy gray growth in the top of the left lobe looks the same as before. Other tiny growths in the lung look the same. A quarter sized spot in the right part of the thyroid looks thesame as the last time. The gallbladder has been removed.
Small amounts of fluid around both lungs look the same as before with some loss of air. Fluid in the abdomen looks the same.
There are smoking related changes in the azygos lobe. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened. There is a sac in the liver. The beginning of the aorta is hardened. Age related changes of the shoulders.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mild thickening of the top of the left lung. Mild smoking related changes of the lungs. There is a new small amount of fluid around the left side of the lung. Loss of height in a bone of the mid spine.
Moderate smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Scarring or loss of air in the bottoms of both lungs. Lymph nodes in the right armpit and chest are bigger than before. An area of fluid or inflammaiton near the right lung is bigger than normal. There are more lymph nodes near the heart. There is an increased lymph node in the chest. The lymph nodes around the heart are larger than usual. Enlarged lymphnode in the middle of the spine is increasing in size. Age related changes of the thoracic spine.
Areas of fluid or inflammation in the left lung are almost gone and were probably due to swallowing things in the lungs or infection. There is thickening of the bottoms of both lungs with some damage of the airways. A patch of hazy gray area in the bottom of the right lung is seen. Mild airway damage. The tops of the heart are bigger than normal. Prior heart surgery.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. The left kidney has been removed. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. There is loss of air in the bottom of the right lung. The heart is bigger than normal. Low blood count.
A ladybug sized growth in the middle of the right lung looks the same as before. A button sized hazy gray growh in the top of the left lung is the same. Spots in bones of the mid spine.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the left lung as seen before. Thickening and hazy gray areas in the bottoms of the lungs are seen again and may be due to scarring. Hardened lymph nodes in the right lung look the same as before and are probably due to mucus blockage. A valve in the heart is hardened.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Scarring or loss of air in the bottoms of both lungs. Hardened lymph nodes in the right lung. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. There are hazy areas of fluid or inflammation in both lungs
Damage and thickening of the airways is due to large airway disease. A pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. Mild hardened of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are hazy gray areas in both lungs. Fractures in the left ribs are healing.
Tiny growths in the lungs. Mild smoking related changes of the lung.
Spread of cancer to both lungs looks the same as before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same.
A few tiny growths are seen in the lungs.
Prior surgery of the middle of the right lung. Growths in the bottom of the left lung. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Destructive spot in a right rib looks the same as before.
A large growth in the top of the right lung with some loss of air is blocking the airways. There is a quarter sized growh in the lower right lung. The esophagus is thicker than normal, which may be due to acid reflux. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The aorta is mildly hardened. Spots in the spine.
There is loss of air and scarring of the bottoms of both lungs.
There are new tiny growths in the bottom of the left lung. Small airway disease in the top of the right lung. Spread of cancer to the bones.
A tiny growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Hardened spots in bones of the mid spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. A pencil eraser sized hazy gray growth in the top of the left lung looks the same.
Growths in the lungs. Mucus blockage. There is a button sized growth in the left part of the thyroid. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The gallbladder has been removed.
There is an area of fluid or inflammaiton in the middle of the right lung with some air where it shouldn't be. There are spots in the tops of the lungs. Small amount of air around both lungs with tubes in the top of the lung. Age related changes in the thoracic spine. There is a lot of air under the skin in the chest.
There is a new tiny growth in the middle of the right lung. The right lung looks like it has been treated with radiation before. Prior surgery of the breasts.
Hazy gray areas in the bottoms of the lungs may be due to loss of air. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened. Hardening of the aorta is seen. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm.
There are some hardened areas in the top of the right lung. The heart is bigger than normal. Spots in the bones are likely from spread of cancer.
Scarring or loss of air in the bottom of the left lung. Hardened spots in both lungs. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Growths in both lungs.
The tops of the lungs are scarred. There is a sac in the bottom of the right lung. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened. Hardened spots in the bones.
A spot in the bottom of the left lung looks worse than before. The main blood vessel of the lung is bigger than normal, probably due to high blood pressure in the lungs. Destructive spots in the spine.
Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Spread of cancer to the lungs. The top of the left lung is bigger than normal. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal, probably due to high blood pressure in the lung.
Scarring in the middle of the right lung looks the same as before. Gallstones.
Mild thickening of the airways. The right kidney has been removed.
There is a moderate amount of fluid around the lungs, more on the left than the right. Abnormal air in the bottoms of both lungs may be due to prior chest surgery.
Prior surgery of the right lung as seen before. Scarring of the tops of both lungs. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels are hardened.
Prior treatment of the top of the left lung as seen before. There is an area of fluid or inflammation in the left upper lung. Other small growths in the lungs. The aorta and its valve are hardened. Loss of height in a bone of the mid spine looks the same as before. Hardened spots in both breasts.
There are tiny growths in the lungs. The growths were not seen before.
Blockage of the airways with mucus is seen. An area of fluid or inflammation in the top of the right lung is smaller than before probably due to infection. Other growths in the lungs look the same as before. The heart's blood vessels are hardened. Old fracture in a left rib.
There is mucus in the windpipe with thickening of the airways. Mucus blockage of the middle of the right lung with loss of air. Smoking related changes. The left part of the diaphragm is higher than normal. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung as seen the last time. Mild damage of the airways. There is an additional finger nail sized hazy gray growth in the top of the left lung. There are other hazy growths in the right lungs. Growths in the left lungs. Other tiny growths look the same as before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. The gallbladder has been removed. Abnormally large pouches in the lung may be due to prior surgery.
A pencil eraser sized growth in the top of the left lung looks the same as before. Hardening of the heart's blood vessels. Spread of cancer to the bones.
Parts of the esophagus are widened. The thyroid is smaller than normal. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened. The aortas valve is hardened.
There are spots in the tops of the lungs. The thyroid has been removed. Prior surgery of the aorta. Low blood count.
There are smoking related changes in the lungs. Scarring of the tops of both lungs.
A pea sized growth in the left lung looks the same as before and is probably a lymph node. Sacs in the lungs are seen again and may be due to inflammaiton. Growths in the right part of the left thyroid.
Prior surgery of the top of the left lung as seen before.
The airways are thickened. Mucus blockage of the lungs. The esophagus is thicker than normal. The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
A pea sized hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. The esophagus is thicker than normal, which may be due to acid reflux. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Fat in the tops of the heart. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than usual, probably due to high blood pressure in the lungs. The aorta is mildly hardened. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the lung.
A spot in the left lung is probably a lymph node. Enlarged lymph nodes in the lungs and chest. There is an area of fluid or inflammaiton in the neck where its not supposed to be.
There are low levels of fluid in the lungs. Damage of the airways is seen again. Thickening of the tops of the lungs looks the same as before. The left part of the heart is bigger than normal as seen before.
There are a few new tiny growths in the lungs. New spots in the thymus. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Loss of air in the left lung is seen once again. Abnormal fluid in the bottoms of the lungs is seen. Abnormally large amount of mucus in the right lung. A small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The gallbladder has been removed.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the left lung as seen before. Hazy gray growths in the lungs look the same as before. There are some growth in the thyroid. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Thickening in the right lung is due to prior treatment of the right breast with radiation. The thyroid has been removed. Spread of cancer to the bones looks the same as before.
There is some loss of air in the bottoms of both lungs. Mild damage of the airways in the bottom of the lungs. There are some growths in the thyroid. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Mild smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Tiny growths in both lungs. There are loss of height in a bone of the mid spine. Mild hardening of the aorta and its valve. The airways are thickened.
A tiny growth in the middle of the right lung looks the same as before. Age related changes in the thoracic spine.
There is a tiny growth in the top of the left lung. There are some small growths in the thyroid. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Stones are seen in the gallbladder. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are some small growths in the thyroid. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Thickening and fluid around the right lung looks the same as before. There is a new finger nail sized growth in the top of the right lobe. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest and around the windpipe. The left part of the heart is bigger than normal.
Fractures in the ribs on both sides are healed. Enlarged breast tissue.
There is loss of air. Tiny growth in the middle of the right lung looks the same as before. A small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm. The gallbladder has been removed.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung as seen before. The thyroid is smaller than normal. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There is a patchy area of fluid or inflammation and hazy gray areas in the bottom of the left lung that is probably due to pneumonia. Signs of inflammation in the airways in the top of the right lung.
There are severe smoking related changes in both lungs. Hazy gray areas in the bottoms of both lungs may be due to scarring. Spots in the bottom of the left lung. Small spots in the lungs. There is blockage of the airways with mucus. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Loss of height in a bone of the mid spine.
Lymph nodes in the left armpit are big. The heart is bigger than normal. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Enlarged lymph nodes in the left armpit look worse than before. Other small growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Scarring, thickening, and damage of the airways of the lungs is probably due to scarring. Mild hazy gray areas in the bottoms of the lung. Tiny growths in the lungs. The esophagus is wider than normal and part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart. The aorta and its valve are severly hardened. Gallstones.
Mild hazy gray area with thickening of the lungs. A tiny amount of fluid around the right lung may be due to recent surgery. There is fluid in the chest probably due to prior surgery. Prior surgery of the aorta. The heart is bigger than normal. Prior heart surgery.
There are hazy gray areas in the tops of the lungs. There is a small amount of fluid around the left lung with some loss of air. The heart is bigger than normal. Low blood count. Fluid around the lung. The blood vessels of the heart are big.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung as seen before. Blockage of the airways in the bottoms of the left lung with mucus looks better than before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
Thickening of the airways and loss of air in the bottoms of the lungs is due to large airways disease. Scarring in the middle of the right lung. Tiny growth in the bottom of the left lung. There is a tiny growh in the lung. The esophagus is thickened with mucus and fluid which may be due to acid reflux. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm.
Growths in the lungs. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
A pencil eraser sized growth in the top of the left lung looks the same as the last scan but is bigger than before. New tiny spot in the upper left lung. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Other small growths in the lungs. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Spots in the top of the right lung with damage of the airways look the same as before and are probably due to cancer. An finger nail sized growth in the bottom of the left lung is the same size as before. An area of fluid or inflammaiton and hazy gray areas in the lung looks worse than before.
Hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The growths look thesame as the last time. The gallbladder has been removed.
Thickening and blockage of the airways with mucus is due to large airways disease. Thickening and sacs in the bottoms of the lungs look the same as before. Growths in the lungs. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. The liver is hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Small amount of abnormal air around the right lung. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened. There is more fluid in the left chest wall with changes in the esophagus probably due to a leak.
Prior surgery of the tops of the lungs as seen before. Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Mild smoking related changes of the lungs. A dime sized growth in the top of the left lung looks bigger than before. Growths in the left part of the lung look better than the last scan but are still the same as before. Enlarged lymph node near the left armpit.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung. Growths in the lungs. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Gallstones. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There is a fatty growth in the left chest. Age related changes in the middle spine. Enlarged breast tissue.
There is a lot of mucus in the windpipe. Small amount of fluid around the lungs with some loss of air at the bottoms of the lungs. Mild thickening of the lung. Area of fluid or inflammation in the middle of the right lung with hazy gray areas. Loss of air in the lung is seen. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. There is a tiny amount of abnormal fluid in the abdomen. The heart is bigger than normal. Severe hardened of the valve of the aorta. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
A large spot in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Growths in the tops of both lungs look the same a before. The aorta is mildly hardened.
There is a large amount of fluid around the left lung with loss of air. Thickened ariways. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart. The gallbladder has been removed. Hardened of the liver.
A spot in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before.
Smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. There is scarring of the tops of both lungs. Growths in the lung. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Stones in the right kidney. Age related changes of the middle of the spine. Fractures in right ribs are healed.
There is a moderate amount of air around the right lung. There are hazy gray areas and areas of fluid or inflammation in both lungs probably due to COVID. Small amount of fluid around the left lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest.
Mild damage of the airways, especialy in the top of the right lung. Mucus blockage. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The aorta is hardened. Prior surgery of the left breast and armpit.
There are new groups of hazy gray spots in the left lung. Mild smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The spleen is bigger than normal.
A button sized growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Other tiny growths in the lungs. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
There is more fluid around both lungs. Loss of air in the bottoms of both lungs is seen again. There is a new small amount of air around the right lung which may be due to infection. There are hazy gray areas and areas of fluid or inflammation in the top of the left lung. Spots in the tops of the lungs are seen again and are probably due to prior surgery or radiation.
Areas of fluid or inflammation in the lungs look worse than before with hazy gray area. New tiny amount of fluid around the left lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels. Low blood count.
Spread of cancer to the breast bone looks the same as before.
There are growths in the tops of both lungs. There are smoking-related lung changes. Abnormal mucus in the airways of the right lung. There is a small amount of fluid around the heart. The heart's blood vessels are hardened and there has been prior heart surgery.
Mild smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. A tiny growth in the middle of the right lung looks the same as before. The spine is curved.
Spots in the lungs are due to airway disease. Thickening of the airways.
A tiny growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. There are some small growths in the thyroid. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Spread of cancer to the bones. A fracture in the breastbone is healed.
There is a new tiny growth in the bottom of the right lung. This should be payed attention to on follow up. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Prior surgery of the right lung as seen before. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Enlarged breast tissue.
Scarring, thickening, and hazy gray areas in the bottoms of the lungs are due to scarring. Signs of inflammation in the airways of the top of the right lung are seen again. A spot in the lung with an area of fluid or inflammaiton is seen again and connects to the right airways. There is a small amount of fluid in the lungs. The esophagus is wider than normal and there is some acid in the stomach. The heart's blood vessels are bigger than normal as seen before. Small amount of mucus around the heart is seen once again.
A fingernail sized hazy gray growth in the top of the left lung is bigger than before. Other growths in the lungs look the same as before. The aorta's valve has been replaced with a valve. The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
Smoking related changes in the lungs. Scarring in the bottom of the right lung. The left part of the diaphragm is higher than normal. A small portion of the stomach is bulging through the diapgragm. The top of the heart is bigger than usual. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened. Abnormal pouches in the colon are seen. Left kidney stone.
A large area of fluid or inflammation in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before. There are smoking related changes in the lungs. Growths in the right side of the lung. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart.
A pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. Hazy gray area in the middle of the right lung is no longer seen. There are other tiny growths in the lungs. There is scarring of the tops of both lungs with some hardening. Mild thickening of the airways. Mucus blockage of the lung.
There is a lot of mucus in the windpipe. Tiny growth in the bottom of the left lung. Thickening and thickening of the middle of the right lung. There is more thickening in the left lower lung than before. Tiny spots in the lungs. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
There is a ladybug sized growth in the left lung. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and a valve in the heart are hardened.
A pea sized growth in the bottom of the right lung is bigger than before. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mild thickening of the airways. There is some airway damage at the bottoms of the lungs. A valve in the heart is hardened.
A pea sized spot in the middle of the right lung may be a lymph node. A tiny growth in the bottom of the left lung is seen.
Mucus blockage of the airways. The airways are thickened. A ladybug sized growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. New button sized hazy gray area in the tops of the left lung. Loss of height in a bone of the mid spine.
There is an area of fluid or inflammation in the top of the right lung. Tiny growths in the lungs. A small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm. The aorta's valve is hardened. Low blood count. The gallbladder has been removed.
A tiny growth in the top of the right lung seen before is no longer seen. A pea sized growth seen before in the right lower lung is not seen and may be no longer there. A pencil eraser sized growh in the bottom of the left lung is smaller than before. A hazy gray areas in the lungs seen before are smaller than last time and are almost gone. New thickening and damage of the airways in both lungs due to radiation therapy. There is a small amount of fluid around the right breast. The heart's blood vessels and valve of the aorta are hardened. A quarter sized growth near the breast is now larger than normal.
Prior surgery of the left lung as seen before. Thickened ariways. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There is a tiny growth in the middle of the right lung. Tiny growths in the bottom of the left lung. There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs.
Abnormal fluid in the windpipe and thickening of the airways is due to airways disease. A finger nail sized growth in the bottom of the right lung looks smaller than before. A pea sized spot in the right lower lung looks the same as before.
Tiny growths in the lungs are seen again. Spread of cancer to the middle of the spine looks the same as before.
A few tiny growths are seen in the lungs. There are some small growths in the thyroid. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A tiny spot in the right lung looks the same as before and is most likely a lymph node. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Prior surgery of a valve in the heart. There is a sac in the left kidney. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Scarring of the tops of both lungs. There is damage of the airways and scarring associated with the top of the right lung. Thickening, sacs, and loss of air in the lungs. Small amount of fluid around both sides. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest. Abnormal fluid and substances in the esophagus may be due to acid reflux or it not moving properly. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The heart is bigger than normal. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal, probably due to high blood pressure in the lung. Severe hardening of the aorta and blood vessels of the heart. Low blood count. The gallbladder has been removed. Age related changes in the spine.
A button sized spot in the bottom of the right lung may be due to mucus blockage. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart. Loss of height in the lower spine looks the same as before.
Prior surgery of the left lung as seen before. There is a small amount of air left in the lung that may be due to air not being able to leave the lung due to inflammaiton. Also, there is a fluid filled sac in the middle of the right lung. There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Abnormal pouches in the windpipe are seen again. The top of the heart is bigger than normal. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal, probably due to high blood pressure in the heart. A lymph node in the right chest is larger than usual. A few old rib fracture on both sides.
Loss of air and an area of fluid or inflammation in the bottom of the left lung looks better than before. Hazy gray area and growths in the right lung look better than the last scan but are still seen. Fluid around the left lower lung is no longer seen. The heart is bigger than normal. Mild enlargement of the breast tissue on the right looks the same as before. Age related changes in the middle spine look the same.
Small amount of air around the left lung. Small amount of fluid around both lungs. Thickening of the lungs may be due to mucus blockage.
There is a small amount of air around the left lung. There is a spot in the top of the right lung. The spleen is bigger than normal.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the left lung as seen before.
A few tiny growths are seen in the lungs. Mild loss of air in the bottoms of both lungs. The spleen is bigger than normal There are sacs in the left kidney. Spread of cancer to the liver. There is fat in the pancreas.
There are hazy gray areas in the bottom of the right lung.
An area of fluid or inflammaiton in the bottoms of both lungs is bigger than before. An area of inflammation in the tops of the lungs is also seen. The heart is larger than normal.
Enlarged lymph nodes in the right lung look bigger than before. An area of fluid or inflammaiton in the middle of the chest is smaller than normal. Other lymph node in the chest has decreased in size and is now the size of a lymph node. A small amount of fluid around the heart looks the same as before. There are smoking-related lung changes.
A spot in the bottom of the right lung is probably due to loss of air. A tiny growth in the middle of the left lung looks the same as before and is probably not cancerous. Old rib fractures on the left are seen again.
There is loss of air in the bottom of the left lung due to a large part of the stomach bulging through the diaphragm. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A tiny growth in the top of the left lung looks the same as before. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same.
Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There is a pencil eraser sized growth in the top of the left lung next to scarring. There is a pea sized growh in the bottom of the right lung. Damage and scarring of the airways and mucus blockage in the right part of the lung.
A pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same.
There is a new area of fluid or inflammation in the bottoms of the lungs. Scarring or loss of air in the bottom of the left lung. Prior surgery of the esophagus. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A few tiny growths in the lungs.
A pea sized growth in the top of the right lung may be due to spread of cancer.
Growths in the lungs look worse than before. New areas of fluid or inflammaiton in the right lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. The esophagus is wider than normal. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Spread of cancer to the spine, breastbone, and ribs.
There is loss of air in the bottoms of the lungs. Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, most prominent in the tops. Thickening of the airways. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
There are some growths in the thyroid. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Severe hardening of the valve of the aorta. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
There are areas of fluid or inflammation in the bottoms of both lungs. Scarring and loss of air in the top of the right lung. Tiny growths in the left part of the thyroid. The heart is bigger than normal.
Hardened of the aorta. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Pneumonia in the lung looks better than before. There is less fluid around the left lung than the last exam but there is less air in the lungs than normal. Moderate amount of abnormal air around the right lung. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Severe smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Mild thickening of the airways. Prior radiation treatment of the right lung. The aorta is mildly hardened.
Growths in the lungs look the same as before. Spots in the lung are probably lymph nodes.
A finger nail sized growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same. Mild smoking related changes of the lungs.
Tiny growths in the lungs. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A small amount of fluid around the lungs is bigger than before. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened. New enlarged lymph nodes around the left collar bone. Hardening of the liver is seen again.
Prior surgery of the right lung as seen before. Patchy areas of fluid or inflammation with damage of the airways. This looks the same as before. Growths in the thyroid. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Fluid around the lungs with some loss of air looks the same as before. A patchy pattern of the tops of both lungs may be due to small airways disease. The tops of the heart are bigger than normal. Small amount of fluid around the heart, the same size as last time.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung. Growths in the lungs look the same as before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mild smoking related changes of the lungs.
There is a quarter sized spot in the bottom of the right lung. Mild thickening of the airways and airway damage in the bottoms of the lungs. There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lung. The esophagus is thicker than normal, which may be due to acid reflux. A large part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The heart is bigger than normal. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened. The aorta is hardened.
Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Thickening in both lungs looks worse than before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest and lungs look bigger than normal. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
There is a tiny amount of fluid around the right lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. Hardened spots in the ribs and spine look thesame as before and are probably due to spread of cancer.
There are growths in both lungs. The growths look the same as before. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Damage, thickening, and mucus blockage of the airways. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Fat loss of the top of the abdomen.
Fluid in the windpipe. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Groups of growths in the top of the right lung. Other small lung growths look the same as before. The hazy gray growth in the bottom of the left lung is the same size as the last scan but is bigger than the last. Mild hardened of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
There are smoking related changes and scarring in the tops of both lungs. The airways are thickened. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened.
Damage and blockage of the airways with mucus is seen. There are groups of tiny spots in the left lung. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and the aortas valves are hardened. Stones are seen in the gallbladder.
The tops of the heart are bigger than normal. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than usual. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and the heart's valves are hardened. Hardening of the right chest. Age related changes in the right shoulder.
Signs of inflammation of the airways of the top of the left lung are probably due to infection or inflammaiton. The heart is bigger than normal. Prior heart surgery.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. A pencil eraser sized growth in the right chest looks the same.
There is an area of fluid or inflammation in the bottom of the right lung with some air loss. Tiny growth in the top of the left lung. There is loss of air in the middle of the lung. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm and the end of the esophagus is thickened. The blood vessels of the heart, the aorta, and its valve are mildly hardened.
Mild thickening of the airways. Hazy gray areas in the lungs are no longer seen. There is more thickneing and loss of air in the left lung due to prior treatment of the left breast with radiation.
A ladybug sized growth in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same. Mild damage of the airways with mucus blockage. Loss of height in a bone of the mid spine.
Severe smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Other small growths in the lung look the same as before. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. Severe hardened of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. The aortas valve is severly severly hardened. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
A button sized growth in the top of the left lung looks smaller than before. New tiny growths in the bottom of the right lung. New signs of inflammation in the airways in the upper left lung. The heart is a little bigger than normal. Hardening of a left rib looks the same as before.
There is a patchy pattern of the lungs with thickening. Tiny growths in the lungs. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Mild thickening of the airways. New groups of tiny growths in the right lung. New tiny growth in the middle of the right lobe. The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
There is a tiny amount of air around the right lung where it shouldn't be. There is a lot of mucus in the windpipe and airways of the bottom of the left lung. Mild thickening of the airways. There are changes and loss of air in the top of the right lobe. Growths in both lungs look the same as before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the middle of the spine. The beginning of the aorta is wider than normal. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The main blood vessel of the lung is widerthan normal.
A few small growths in the lungs look the same as before. Enlarged lymph node in the chest looks the same. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels. The valve of the aorta is wider than normal.
A large growth in the top of the left lung is now the size of a grape. A fingernail sized growth is the same size as before. A finger nail sized growh in the left upper lung looks the same as the last exam but is bigger than the last. A ladybug sized growth near the bottom of the lung is smaller than before. The airways are thickened. Parts of the esophagus are widened and contain fluid and fluid. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels are hardened. There is a small amount of fluid around the left lungs that is no longer seen. There are smoking related changes in the lungs.
Mild damage of the airways of the bottoms of the lungs. A group of tiny spots in the top of the right lung may be due to small airways disease. Scarring at the bottom of the lung. The beginning of the aorta is wider than normal. The heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened. Hardening of a valve in the heart.
A pea sized hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before.
Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are hazy gray areas across both lungs. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta's valve. The aortas valve is hardened.
Loss of air in the middle of the right lung looks the same as before and is probably due to a growth. Small amount of fluid around the right side of the lung. Loss of height in a bone of the mid spine.
Mild thickening of the airways. Scarring of the tops of both lungs. New fluid around the right lung. Tiny growths in the lungs. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal, which may be due to high blood pressure in the lung. The aorta is bigger than normal. The beginning of the heart is larger than usual. The heart's blood vessels are hardened. Age related changes in the spine and right shoulder.
Hardened growths in the top of the right lung look the same as before. Hardened spots in the lungs. Large part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. There is fluid around a valve in the heart. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Scarring and loss of air in the bottom of the right lung looks the same. The esophagus is wider than normal. A tiny growth in the right part of the thyroid is the same size as the others. A spot in a right rib looks thesame as the last time.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Tiny growths in the lungs. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mildly thickened ariways. Hazy gray areas in the bottom of the left lung. A small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm.
There is a tiny growth in the bottom of the right lung. Enlarged lymph node in the right armpit. The gallbladder has been removed.
Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Enlarged lymph nodes in the left lung. Soft tissue around the heart.
A few signs of inflammaiton of the airways in the left lung. Tiny spots in the lung are probably due to airway blockage. There is abnormal fluid in the chest.
Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart with stents.
Tiny growths in the lungs. Mild smoking-related lung changes. There is a button sized growth in the left part of the thyroid.
There is a lot of mucus in the windpipe, airways, and airways of the left lung with areas of fluid or inflammaiton and loss of air. There are sacs in the liver.
There is a tiny amount of new fluid around the left lung with some loss of air. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm.
Prior surgery of the aorta. There is a small amount of fluid around the drain in the middle of the chest with some air around it. The heart is bigger than normal. The liver's duct is wider than usual. The spleen is not inflamed. Abnormal fluid in the esophagus and blood clot in the lung. Spots in the right lung look better than before but there is still some damage of the airways and there is scarring. Abnormally large pouches in the gallbladder.
There is loss of air in the bottom of both lungs. Age related changes in the spine.
A spot in the chest looks the same as before. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung as seen the last time. A quarter sized growth in the right lower lung is bigger than before. Another ladybug sized growth near suture. Loss of air and patchy pattern of the left lung is seen and may be due to small airway disease. Mild smoking related changes in the lungs. Enlarged lymph node near the right armpit looks the same as before. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. The aorta's valve is hardened.
There is a pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the right lung. There is a small amount of fluid around the left lung. Hardened lymph nodes in the right lungs are probably due to acid reflux. There are hardened growths in the left part of the thyroid. This needs to be studied more on another exam. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
There is loss of air in the bottom of both lungs. The esophagus is thickened as seen before. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm.
A few tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
An area of fluid or inflammation in the bottom of the left lung is probably due to loss of air. There are smoking related changes in the lungs. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart.
A pea sized hardened growth in the right lung looks the same as before. A pea-sized hazy gray growh in the bottom of the left lung is the same.
Growths in the thymus.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
A port in the left side of the chest has been removed. Spots in the tops of both lungs and the bottoms of the left lung look the same as before. Thickening of the right lung looks the same. Abnormal mucus or mucus in the esophagus. The left kidney has been treated with dye.
There is a tiny amount of fluid around both lungs with some haziness. There is an area of fluid or inflammation in the middle of the right lung.
A few small growths in the lungs look the same as before. Scarring and loss of air in the right lung is seen again. Mild damage of the airways. Enlarged lymph nodes in the middle of the right thyroid are seen once again. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened as seen before.
Hardened of the aorta.
New hazy gray areas in the top of the right lung are probably due to inflammaiton. There is a new small amount of fluid around the right lungs. Enlarged lymph nodes in the right windpipe and near the windpipe look better than before. Small amount of mucus around the heart.
Spots in the lungs are probably lymph nodes. There are growths in both lungs. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest and lungs. There is abnormal fluid in the airways and hazy gray areas in the left lung.
A patchy pattern of the bottoms of both lungs is probably due to small airway disease. Loss of air in the left lung. Enlarged lymph node in the chest is bigger than before.
There are hazy gray area and patchy pattern of the lungs with some haziness. There is loss of air in the left lung. Fat in the top of the left heart is probably due to a prior heart attack. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels. There are growths in the right breast.
Smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs are seen again. Scarring in the top of the left lung looks the same as before with some damage of the airways. Pencil eraser sized growths in the bottom of the right lung. New hazy gray areas in both lungs with some spots in the lungs may be due to inflammaiton. New loss of air and scarring at the bottoms of both lungs. The airways are thickened. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. The valve of the anorta is hardened. Loss of height in bones of the mid spine is seen once again.
Growths in both lungs look the same as before. Small amount of fluid around both lungs. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Prior surgery of the right breast.
Moderate smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Growths in the lung. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. The gallbladder has been removed. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Moderate smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickened ariways. Scarring or loss of air in the left lung. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Loss of height in the mid spine.
Fluid around both lungs with some loss of air. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
There is mild damage of the airways. There is some loss of air in the bottom of the left lung. The left lung is not expanded. Fluid around the right lung is no longer seen. A tiny amount of fluid around the left side of the lung is less than before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Hardening of a valve in the heart and the heart valves. Prior surgery of the mid spine.
Areas of fluid or inflammation and loss of air in the top of the right lung are seen again and are probably due to prior radiation therapy. Spread of cancer to the ribs looks the same as before.
The right part of the diaphragm is higher than normal with some loss of air in the bottom of the right lung. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Abnormal fluid in the windpipe and airways. This needs to be followed up. Fatty liver.
Hazy gray areas in the bottom of the left lung are no longer seen. There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs with fluid filled sacs in the lungs. Mild thickening and damage of the airways. Signs of inflammaiton of airways in the top of the right lung is seen again. Hazy gray area in the lower right lung may be due to lung disease.
There are hazy gray growths in the top of the right lung and hazy areas in the left lung. Part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung. Growths in the lungs look the same as before. The largest growth in the right lower lung is bigger than before. A patchy part of the bottom of both lungs may be due to air not being able to leave the lungs. A small part of your stomach bulges through the diaphragm.
A few tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Enlarged breast tissue.
There are hazy gray areas and areas of fluid or inflammation in the lungs. Small amount of fluid around the left lung. Low blood count.
There is new fluid around both lungs with some loss of air. Changes in the bottoms of the lungs. New hazy gray area in the tops of both lungs and thickened ariways may be due to infection or fluid in the lung. Smoking related changes and thickening of the airways in the top of the lung is seen again. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest.
A large growth in the top of the left lung looks better than before. Thickening and hazy gray areas in the left upper lung look better than the last exam. A growth near the left airways in the lower left lung is less thickened and less blockage of the airways. Signs of inflammaiton in the bottom of the right lung look like they are getting better. Fluid around the left side of the lung is no longer seen. The airways are mildly thickened. There is an area of fluid or inflammation in the chest. There are growths in the right chest that look the same as before. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened. Prior surgery of the breast and armpit.
Smoking related changes and growths in the tops of the lungs are probably due to inflammaiton. Hardened spots in the bottom of the right lung is seen again. Widening of the top of the aorta looks the same as before. Mild hardened of the heart's blood vessels.
The right part of the diaphragm is higher than normal as seen before. The valve of the aorta is mildly hardened. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels. Spots in the bones of the mid spine and ribs are probably due to spread of cancer.
Abnormal fluid in the windpipe and thickening of the airways. Mild smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. The esophagus is thickened. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and the aortas valve are hardened. Enlarged breast tissue.
A tiny growth in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There is a lot of mucus in the windpipe and airways of the right lung. There is a tiny amount of abnormal fluid in the lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The growths are unchanged. Prior surgery of the thyroid. A small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm. Widening of the top of the lung is seen again and may be due to high blood pressure in the lung.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mucus blockage of the lungs. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
Damage of the airways in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before and is probably due to prior inflammaiton. Thickening in the right and left lung may be due to fluid around the lungs. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. A valve in the heart is hardened. The spleen has been removed. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Damage, thickening, and blockage of the airways with mucus blockage with growths in the bottoms of the lungs is seen again and may be due to airways disease. Area of fluid or inflammaiton in the right lung is smaller than before. New hazy gray areas in the tops of the lung. Other tiny growths look the same as before. Part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Loss of height in a bone of the mid spine.
The thyroid is smaller than normal. Prior surgery of the left armpit.
There is a new small amount of fluid around the right lung. There is less mucus around the left lung than before. Low blood count.
A pea sized growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. This needs to be followed up. Enlarged lymph node in the right chest is bigger than normal. This should be follow up. The valve of the aorta is hardened.
Fluid around the right lung is less than before. Growths in the right part of the lung are smaller than the last time. A tiny spot in the left lung looks the same as the last exam. A small portion of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Spread of cancer to the bones. Fractures in the ribs.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickened ariways. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Scarring in the bottom of the right lung. Hardening of the aorta. Fractures in the right ribs are healed.
Scarring and hardening of the lungs is probably due to mucus blockage.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung as seen before. There is damage and blockage of the airways with mucus. There are hazy gray growths in the lungs. A spot in the top of the left lung looks the same as before. Other tiny hazy areas of haziness and growths look the same. The esophagus is wider than normal and has some abnormal material. The tops of the heart are bigger than normal. The heart is bigger than usual. Mild hardening of the hearts valves.
Hazy gray areas in the top of the right lung may be due to infection or inflammaiton. Spots in the bottoms of the lungs are probably due to loss of air. A pea sized growth in the left lung is probably a lymph node. A spot in the right part of the lung is likely a lymphnode. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest. Prior surgery of the left breast.
Thickening, damage, and blockage of the airways with mucus blockage with signs of inflammaiton. These look worse than before. Patchy pattern of the lungs could have many causes. There are some growths in the thyroid. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung as seen the last time. Hazy gray growths in the lungs look the same as before. Other tiny lung growths. The beginning of the aorta is wider than normal. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Stones in the gallbladder. Age related changes in the middle spine.
Severe smoking related changes of the lungs. Mild damage of the airways. Spots in the top of the right lung look better than before and may be due to healing. New fingernail sized spot in the left lung. Scarring in the right part of the lung. Spotty spots in the bottoms of both lungs are probably due to mucus blockage and airway disease. Part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Fluid is seen in the esophagus. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened. The gallbladder has been removed. Prior stomach surgery.
Signs of inflammation of the airways. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The top of the aorta is bulging through the diaphragm. Age related changes in the middle spine. Old fractures in the left ribs.
Mild damage of the airways. Mild fluid in the windpipe.
Moderate smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Growths in both lungs look the same as before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest with some loss of air in the bottom of the windpipe and right lung are the same size as the last scan. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
A tiny growth in the middle of the right lung looks smaller than before. Hardening of a bone of the mid spine looks the same as before. There is more thickening at the mid and mid spine.
A few tiny growths are seen in the bottom of the right lung. Loss of air and scarring in the top of the left lung. Prior surgery of the rotator cuff.
There are some growths in the thyroid. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are new hazy gray areas in the bottoms of the lungs. Scarring of the tops of both lungs. New spot in the top of the right lung may be due to scarring. This should be payed attention to on follow up. Age related changes in the middle spine.
Mild thickening of the airways. A spot in the left breast is bigger than before.
Thickening in the tops of the lungs is probably due to prior radiation. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
There is mild scarring of the tops of both lungs. Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The thyroid is bigger than normal. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The gallbladder has been removed.
There is loss of air in the bottom of the right lung. Patchy hazy gray areas in the tops of the lungs. A tiny growth in the bottoms of the left lung looks the same as the last scan but is unchanged. The gallbladder has been removed. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A few small growths are seen in the lungs. Growths in the thyroid. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. The airways are thickened. Signs of inflammation in the airways. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and the heart's valves are hardened. The gallbladder has been removed. Prior surgery of the left breast.
Scarring and damage of the airways of the bottoms of both lungs look worse than before. A tiny growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Low blood count. A sac in the left kidney is seen.
There are smoking related changes in the lungs. Hazy gray areas in the right lung. There is fat in the liver.
Growths in both lungs are probably due to spread of cancer. Damage of the airways in the bottoms of both lungs.
There is a moderate amount of fluid around the right lung with some loss of air. There is thickening of the lungs. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
Air in the left lung is not where it should be. The heart is bigger than normal. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart as seen before. Old rib fractures on the right look the same as before.
A button sized growth in the left lung and thickening of the lung looks worse than before. Growths in the lung look the same as before. Signs of inflammaiton in the airways. Gallstones. Destructive spots in the spine, breastbone, and ribs. A spot in one of the right ribs looks the same.
Prior surgery of the top of the left lung as seen before. There is a new large amount of fluid in the lung. Enlarged breast tissue.
Hardened spots in the right lung are seen again.
There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Mild thickening of the airways. Hazy gray growths in the lungs look smaller than before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest have gotten smaller. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Deformities in a bone of the mid spine look the same as before. Old fracture in a right rib.
Growths in the lungs look the same as before. Enlarged lymph node in the chest looks the same.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
A pea sized growth in the top of the left lung looks the same as before. Loss of air in the bottoms of both lungs. Enlarged lymph nodes in the left neck look the same. Age related changes in the spine.
Smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Scarring in the top of the lung.
Smoking related changes. A tiny growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as the last scan but is unchanged since 2015. New tiny growths in the top of the right lung. Fatty liver.
Fractures in the left ribs are healed.
There is a group of tiny growths in the bottom of the right lung.
There is a tiny hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung.
Smoking related changes in the lungs are seen again. A pencil eraser sized growth in the top of the left lung is smaller than before. Growths in the lung look the same as before.
Hazy gray areas and areas of fluid or inflammaiton in both lungs are probably due to covid. There are smoking related changes. A lymph node near the aorta is likely due to infection. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels. The left breast tissue is bigger than normal.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Fluid around both lungs with some loss of air in the right lung is seen again. The heart is bigger than normal. The thyroid is larger than normal and has growths as seen before. Loss of height in the spine and ribs is seen once again.
Spread of cancer to the right lung could have many causes. Spread of cancer throughout the lung looks worse than before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look better than the last scan.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mild smoking related changes of the lungs. Enlarged lymph nodes in the right armpit are smaller than before. Enarged lymph node in the chest looks the same. The liver is fat.
A ladybug sized hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as the last scan but looks worse than the last. A tiny growh in the bottom of the left lung is the same size as before.
A ladybug sized growth in the top of the left lung is bigger than before. Other small growths in the lungs. Thickened ariways in the right lung looks the same as before. The thyroid is larger than normal. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Spread of cancer to the bones.
A few small growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened.
A few tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Patchy hazy gray areas in the top of the lungs and growths in the left lung look the same as before. There are some growth in the thyroid. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
A pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the right lung is bigger than before. A pea sized growh in the top of the left lung is larger than normal. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. The esophagus is wider than usual. Prior heart surgery. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and valves. Loss of height in a bone of the mid spine.
A finger nail sized growth in the bottom of the right lung and tiny growths in the left lung look the same as before. Scarring or loss of air in the lung. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Growths in both lungs look smaller than before.
Moderate smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Growths in the lung look the same as before. There is fluid around the neck, chest, and around the lungs. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Moderate hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung as seen before. A pencil eraser sized growth near the diaphragm looks the same as before. The aorta and its valve are hardened.
The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A large growth in the bottom of the right lung is now the size of a grape. A pencil eraser sized growh in the top of the left lung is bigger than before. The esophagus is thickened with some pouches in it which may be due to acid reflux. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. A blood clot in the right jugular vein is seen again.
Spread of cancer to the ribs looks the same as before. Prior surgery of both breasts.
There is a large amount of fluid around both lungs with fluid around the lungs, fluid in the airways, spots, and areas of fluid or inflammation in both lungs. Enlarged lymph nodes near the windpipe are bigger than before and are probably due to infection. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Fluid around the left lung is no longer seen with hazy gray areas and areas of fluid or inflammation in the right lung. The heart is bigger than normal.
Prior surgery of the top of the left lung as seen before. Growths in the lungs look the same as before. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Spots and damage of the airways of the top of the right lung look the same as before and are probably due to inflammaiton. New growths in the right upper and left lung. A ladybug sized growth near the right airways looks bigger than before. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Mild hazy gray area in the bottom of the left lung are probably due to loss of air. Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Enlarged lymph node in the chest looks the same. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
There are hazy gray areas across the lungs probably due to fluid in the airways. New hazy areas in the top of the right lung. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Thickening of the bottoms of both lungs with damage of the airways looks the same as before.
Abnormal fluid in the airways and thickened ariways. Severe smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Prior radiation treatment of the top of the right lung. Fluid around both lungs is no longer seen. Prior surgery of the esophagus and stomach. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels are hardened.
A pencil eraser sized growth in the middle of the right lung and tiny growths in the bottom of the left lung look the same as the last time. A pea sized hazy gray spot in the top of the Right lung looks the same. Scarring and loss of air in the lower right lung is seen again.
Thickening, damage of the airways, and scarring of the bottoms of the lungs is due to scarring. Air is not able to leave the lung. Prior surgery of the bottom of the left lung. The esophagus is thicker than normal, probably due to acid reflux. Parts of the esophagm are widened. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than usual, which may be due to high blood pressure in the lungs. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The parathyroid gland has been removed.
A few small growths in the lungs look the same as before. Loss of air in the bottom of the right lung is seen again. Prior surgery of a bone of the mid spine.
There is less blood clots in the lungs than before.
There is less air in the top of the right lung with new air around the right lower than before. Abnormal fluid in the breastbone and a pouch in the aorta look the same as before.
The thyroid is smaller than normal. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Signs of inflammaiton of the airways with new hazy gray areas in the right lung are seen again and are probably due to inflammation. There is loss of air in the left lung as seen before. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened.
Abnormal fluid in the windpipe and airways. The airways are thickened due to airway disease. Mucus blockage in the lungs. There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lung. Hazy gray areas and thickening of the bottom of the left lung look the same as before. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The aorta is hardened. The blood vessels of the heart and the heart's valve are mildly hardened. Gallstones. There is a sac in the right kidney. Abnormal curvature of the spine.
Growths in both lungs look the same as before. The airways are thickened. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
There is an airway in the right lung where it shouldn't be. The bottom of the left lung is collapsing.
A few tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Old damage and thickening of the airways. Growths and hazy gray areas in the lungs look the same as before. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The thymus is big. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Spots in both lungs. Hazy gray areas in the bottom of the right lung may be due to inflammaiton. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the right lungs. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung. There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. There is more thickening of the lung which may be due to lung disease. Prior treatment of the left breast with radiation. Fatty growth in the top of the heart. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. The left breast has been removed.
Thickening and hazy gray areas in both lungs may be due to fluid in the lungs or inflammaiton. Enlarged lymph node in the right lung is bigger than before. Other lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. The top of the right heart is hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung as seen before. There is less fluid around the right lungs than before. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels. Loss of height in a bone of the mid spine. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Abnormal fluid in the windpipe and thickening of the airways. Smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. There is mild damage of the bottom of the left lung.
Scarring of the tops of both lungs.
A button sized hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Other hazy growths in the lungs. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. The gallbladder has been removed. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung and the middle of the left lung. Loss of air in the lungs is seen again. Part of the lung is bulging through the diaphragm. Abnormal mucus in the windpipe. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened.
Mildly thickened ariways. Damage of the airways of the bottoms of the lungs. Scarring in the top of the right lung. Hardened lymph nodes in the lungs and chest. The esophagus is thickened, probably due to acid reflux A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The heart is bigger than normal. Loss of height in bones of the mid spine.
Prior radiation therapy of the right lung. Groups of tiny spots in the lungs may be due to airways disease. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
There is more fluid around the right lung with loss of air in the right base. Damage of the airways and thickening of both lungs is seen again and may be due to prior covid. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels. Prior surgery of the spleen. Abnormal curvature of the spine.
Spread of cancer to the lungs. Growths in the lungs look the same as before. The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
Smoking related changes and growths in the tops of the lungs are seen again, probably due to inflammaiton. A pencil eraser sized growth in the top of the left lung looks the same as before. Loss of air, thickening, and hardening of the lung is seen again. Spots in the breast tissue are seen once again.
A ladybug sized growth in the bottom of the right lung is no longer seen. Other growths in the lungs. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung as seen before. Patchy pattern of the lungs could have many causes. The heart's blood vessels, the aorta's valve, and the heart's valves are hardened. Fatty growth in the tops of the heart. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal. Fat in the liver.
There are hazy gray areas and signs of inflammaiton in the airways of the bottoms of both lungs. There is fluid in the bottom of the left lung with some loss of air. Prior surgery of the esophagus. The spine is curved.
There is a tiny amount of fluid around the right lung with some loss of air. Hazy gray areas in the top of the right upper lung are no longer seen. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest. The heart is bigger than normal. The thyroid is larger than normal with some hardening. A bruise in the middle of the chest is no more seen. Prior heart surgery. Hardening of the aorta.
There is thickening of the airways. Scarring in the middle of the right lung. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels are hardened. Spread of cancer to the bones.
Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and valves. Age related changes in the middle spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs. Mild damage of the airways in the bottom of the left lung. Hardening of the aorta and blood vessels of the heart.
