Spread of cancer to the lungs looks better than before. A pea sized growth in the top of the left lung looks the same as the last scan but a pea-sized spot in the bottom of the right lung looks bigger than the last. Hardened lymph nodes in the left lungs. The left part of the thyroid has been removed.
Mild damage, mucus blockage, and thickening of the airways is due to large airways disease. Severe harden of the valve of the aorta. Hardened of a valve in the heart.
A few tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Growths in the lungs look the same as before. Enlarged lymph nodes in both lungs and the chest are seen again. The thyroid is bigger than normal. The gallbladder has been removed.
Mild damage of the airways. Hazy gray areas in the left lung. This could be due to infection. Part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The gallbladder has been removed.
There is a quarter sized growth in the top of the left lung.
Growth and hazy gray areas in the top of the right lung look worse than before. This should be payed for on follow up. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before.
Tiny growths in the lungs. Damage and blockage of the airways with mucus blockage. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Areas of fluid or inflammaiton and loss of air in the bottom of the right lung are no longer seen. There is some fluid in the windpipe. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest have gone away. Old fractures in the right ribs.
There is some loss of air in the bottom of both lungs. Mild fat in the liver.
Fluid in an airway of the middle of the right lung is seen again. Loss of air in the bottoms of the lungs looks worse than before. New hazy gray area and thickening in the bottom of the left lung. Damage and blockage of the airways with new growths is seen for the third time. There is more damage and area of fluid or inflammaiton in the right lungs. Hazy gray areas in the top of the Right lung look worse than the last exam. A quarter sized spot in the lower left lung looks the same as the last scan but is getting smaller. A growth in the left part of the thyroid is seen. This should be studied more on the next scan. Fractures in right ribs are healed.
Patchy spots in both lungs with dense areas of fluid or inflammation. Small amount of air around the lungs. Abnormal air in the chest.
A large growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as the last scan but looks worse than before. An area of fluid or inflammaiton in the top of the right lung is bigger than normal and there is more fluid around the lungs with growths and spread of cancer. Lymph nodes in the chest are bigger than usual. Enlarged lymph node near the heart. A lymph node in the windpipe is wider than normal. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Low blood count.
There is mild damage of the airways of the bottom of the right lung with some mucus blockage. Loss of air in the left lung is seen again. A small part of the stomach bulging through the diaphragm looks the same as before. Mild hardening of valves in the aorta and heart.
The airways are thickened. There is a tiny amount of air around the right lung. Severe smoking-related lung changes. Patchy spots in the bottoms of the lungs may be due to infection. The esophagus has been emptied and the stomach has been removed. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
Changes in the top of the left lung are due to prior radiation therapy. The beginning of the aorta is wider than normal as seen before. Prior surgery of the chest. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Tiny growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. A lymph node in the left armpit is bigger than normal. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The top of the left lung has been treated with radiation before.
Mild hardening of the aorta. Prior surgery of the right breast and armpit.
Growths in the middle of the right lung, signs of inflammaiton in the airways, and scarring are seen again and may be due to MAI. Scarring of the tops of both lungs is seen. Mild loss of air in the bottoms of the lungs. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
A few growths in the lungs look smaller than before. Hardening of the lungs. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A growth is blocking airways of the top of the right lung as seen before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the right windpipe and chest look the same as before. There is a growth in the back.
Areas of fluid or inflammation in the bottom of the left lung are seen again. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The heart's blood vessels, the aorta, and the Aorta's valve are hardened.
There is a new pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the right lung. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs are seen again. Enlarged lymph node near the aorta. The lymph nodes in the chest are bigger than normal. The heart is bigger than before as seen the last time. Age related changes are seen in the left breast.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. A fingernail sized growth in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before. The thyroid is bigger than normal. The beginning of the aorta is wider than usual. Severe hardens of the blood vessels of the heart and the Aorta. Hardened of a valve in the heart. Age-related change in the middle of the spine.
A tiny growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Loss of air in the bottom of the left lung is seen again. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened. Enlarged breast tissue.
Enlarged lymph nodes in both armpits look the same as before.
Thickening and damage of the airways is due to airway disease. There are growths in the bottom of the left lung. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the mid spine.
The tops of both lungs are scarred. Mucus blockage of the lungs. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The valve of the aorta is hardened.
Spots in the bottom of the left lung are most likely due to swallowing something into the lungs. Mild damage of the airways. A small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm. Gallstones.
A quarter sized spot in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Other small growths in the lungs. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
A large part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Spread of cancer to a bone of the mid spine looks the same as before.
A growth in the top of the right lung and other growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mild mucus blockage of the airways. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened as seen the last time.
The heart's blood vessel and the aorta's valve are hardened.
There are groups of tiny growths in the bottom of the left lung. Prior surgery of the esophagus and stomach. There is a lot of fluid and material in the stomach. The top of the aorta is wider than normal. The heart's blood vessels are hardened. Gallstones. Old fractures in the right ribs.
Tiny growths in both lungs look the same as before. A growth in the right part of the thyroid is the same size as normal. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Thickening and hazy gray areas in the lungs are probably due to swelling. Patchy pattern of the lungs could have multiple causes. Enlarged lymph node near the windpipe and hardening of the right lung is seen. The tops of the heart are bigger than normal. Hardening of a valve in the heart and the aorta's valve are seen.
Scarring in the top of the right lung is treated. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened.
Mild scarring of the tops of both lungs. The heart's blood vessels and valve of the aorta are hardened. Hardened spot in a bone of the mid spine looks the same as before.
A pea sized growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. The gallbladder has been removed.
There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs.
Growths in both lungs look smaller than before. Fractures in the right ribs are healed.
There are new hazy gray areas in the top of the left lung. Mild loss of air in the bottom of the right lung. Parts of the esophagus are widened. The beginning of the aorta is wider than normal. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and valves. Spread of cancer to the bones.
Prior radiaiton treatment of the top of the left lung. Growths in the right lung look worse than before and thickening of the right lower lobe is seen again. There is more than a quarter more than before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened.
There are smoking related changes and scarring in the tops of the lungs. Enlarged lymph node near the windpipe looks the same as before. A lymph node in the neck is bigger than normal. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Small amount of fluid around the heart. Hardened spot in a bone of the mid spine.
Abnormal fluid in the airways of the top of the right lung. The airways are thickened and there is mild airway damage. Scarring of the tops of both lungs. Thickening of the lungs looks better than before. Hazy gray areas and areas of fluid or inflammation in the lungs look the same as before. An area of inflammation and hazy gray areas in the bottom of the left lung looks the best seen before. Groups of tiny growths in the top and bottoms of the lung may be due to airway disease. Small amount of fluid around the right lungs, the same size as the last exam. Fluid around the left lungs is no longer seen. Enlarged lymph nodes in the left armpit are bigger than normal. The esophagus has been removed. The heart is bigger than usual. The beginning of the heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
A large growth in the right lung is blocking the airways. An area of fluid or inflammaiton may be due to prior infection. There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Enlarged lymph nodes near the windpipe and right lung are bigger than normal. Lymph node near the left collar bone are larger than usual. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels are hardened.
Prior surgery of the right lung as seen the last time. The heart is the same as before. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Prior surgery of a valve in the heart and the valve of the aortas. Hardened of the breastbone is healed. Age related changes in the mid spine.
A pea sized growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the right chest have increased in size and are bigger than normal. Age related changes in the mid spine. New pea-sized growths in the back.
Mild thickneing of the airways with some mucus blockage. New ladybug sized hazy gray area in the bottom of the right lung. There are new hazy areas in the middle of the left lung. New signs of inflammaiton in the right airways. Spots in the bottoms of the lungs look better than before and are not filled with mucus. The left half of the thyroid has been removed. The heart's blood vessel, the aorta, and its valve are hardened. Loss of height in a bone of the lower spine looks the same as before.
Mild damage of the airways. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Other growths in the lung look the same as before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened and there has been prior heart surgery. The beginning of the esophagus is hardened. The gallbladder has been removed. Age related changes throughout the mid spine.
Severe smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs with large airways. There is scarring of the tops. The airways are thickened. A ladybug sized growth in the top of the right lung is smaller than before. Mucus blockage in the right upper lobe is no longer seen. A pea-sized growth near airway damage is bigger than before and was not cancerous. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm.
Spots and growths in the bottom of the right lung are seen again.
There is a lot of mucus in the windpipe. Damage of the airways of the lungs is seen again. Some of the sacs are filled with air. Signs of airway disease in the lungs. Patchy spots in the top of the right lung. Enlarged lymph node in the chest. The heart's blood vessels, the aorta, and the a valve of the airea are hardened. Hardening of a valve in the heart
A pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. Tiny growths in the lungs are seen for the first time. A ladybug sized growth is seen in the right part of the thyroid as seen the last time. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal, probably due to high blood pressure in the lung. The blood vessels in the left chest are wider than usual. Loss of height in a bone of the mid spine.
Abnormal fluid in the windpipe. Hazy gray areas in the lungs look worse than before with a new area of fluid or inflammaiton in the top of the right lung. There is a large amount of fluid around the left lung. A spot in the right hilum looks the same as before. Small amount of mucus around the heart. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Areas of fluid or inflammation in the right lung look worse than before. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal.
There is mild damage and blockage of the airways with mucus blockage. Scarring or loss of air in the lungs. Tiny growths in the bottom of the right lung. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Mild loss of air in the lungs. A few sacs are seen in the bottom of the right lung. There are a few tiny growths in the lung, some are hardened. Prior heart surgery. Fracture of a right rib.
Mild damage of the airways. Tiny growths in the top of the left lung. The beginning of the aorta is wider than normal. The valve of the heart is mildly hardened.
Lymph nodes in the chest are bigger than normal. The heart is bigger than usual. The beginning of the aorta is wider than normal and there is a small amount of fluid around both lungs. Hazy gray areas and areas of fluid or inflammaiton in both lungs are seen.
Growth in the left lung is most likely a lymph node. Enlarged lymph node in the chest. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Mild thickening of the airways with some mucus blockage. There is a pea sized hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung.
Tiny growths in the lungs. The thyroid is smaller than normal. The esophagus is thickened, which may be due to acid reflux. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Fatty growth in the top of the heart. The heart's blood vessels are hardened. The gallbladder has been removed. Age related changes in the spine.
Mild thickneing of the airways. There is a tiny amount of air where it shouldn't be around the right lung. A tiny hazy gray growth in the top of the left lung is probabl due to infection or inflammation.
There is a large amount of loss of air in the bottom of the right lung. Small amount of fluid around both lungs. Spread of cancer to the lungs look the same as before. The heart's blood vessels, the aorta, and a valve in the heart are hardened. Hardening of the heart's valves. Abnormal pouches in the lungs. There is a tiny amount of abnormal fluid in the abdomen. The soft tissues are swollen.
Mild thickneing of the airways. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Hazy gray area and area of fluid or inflammation in the left lung are no longer seen. Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Thickened of the end of the esophagus is less than before. Growths in the thyroid look smaller than the before. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A large growth in the right lung looks the same as before. Small growths in the lungs. Mild damage of the airways. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. The valve of the Aorta is hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Spots in both lungs with airways in the bottoms of the lungs may be due to airway blockage. Other hazy gray areas in the lungs. Old fractures in the lower ribs.
There is loss of air in the bottom of both lungs. Loss of height in bones of the mid spine.
A few tiny growths in the lungs.
Damage and thickening of the airways of the bottoms of the lungs. There are smoking-related lung changes. There is scarring of the tops of both lungs. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels are hardened. Gallstones.
There is mild loss of air in the bottoms of both lungs. There is a tiny growth in the top of the left lung. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Growths in the top of the right lung look smaller than before. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The thyroid is bigger than normal. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Loss of air in the left lung looks the same as before. Scarring in the top of the right lung. Growths in the lungs look the same or better than before.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. A ladybug sized hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung looks the same.
A large growth in the top of the right lung is pressing on the airways. A pea sized growth is next to the lung's airway. A tiny growth is the same as the last scan but looks worse than the last. Lymph nodes in the bottom of the windpipe are bigger than normal. Enlarged lymph node in the chest is bigger than usual. A lymphnode in the upper windpipe is larger than normal but is a quarter of a cm short. Small amount of fluid around the heart. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. The gallbladder has been removed. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There is scarring or loss of air in the bottoms of the lungs. Mild damage of the airways. There is a pencil eraser sized hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung. A pea sized growth is seen in the bottom of the left lung. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Tiny growths in the bottom of the left lung look the same as the last scan but look worse than before. A patchy pattern of the lungs that may be due to small airways disease is seen again. Enlarged lymph node in the left armpit looks the same a before. An area of fluid or inflammaiton in the right part of the thyroid is bigger than normal. The tops of the heart are bigger than usual. A valve in the heart is hardened. Prior heart surgery. Mild hardening of the hearts valves. Prior chest surgery.
Abnormal fluid in the windpipe and airways. Areas of fluid or inflammaiton look better than before. Growths in the lungs look the same as before. Small amount of fluid around the right lung and tiny amount of water around the left lung. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Prior heart surgery. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There is loss of air in the bottoms of the lungs and in the top of the left lung. Patchy spots in the right lung. New fluid around both lungs. New large amount of fluid around the heart. The beginning of the aorta is wider than normal. The heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. A part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Age related changes in the mid spine.
There are smoking related changes. Hazy gray areas in the right lung look better than before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Hardened spots in the bones are probably due to spread of cancer.
Tiny growths in both lungs. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. The beginning of the esophagus is hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Scarring, thickening, and damage of the airways of the lungs are probably due to scarring. Hardened spots in both lungs. The heart's blood vessels, the aorta, and the Aorta's valve are hardened. Hardening of bones of the spine looks the same as before. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are smoking related changes, airway damage, thickening, and mucus blockage of the airways. Growths in the left lung look the same as before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest are seen. There is hardening of the left breast.
A tiny growth in the middle of the right lung looks the same as before.
There is a tiny amount of fluid around the right lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the left chest look the same as before.
A spot in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Thickening of the airways is due to large airways disease. There is a pouch in the aorta. The gallbladder has been removed. Severe hardened of the blood vessels of the heart and the aortinga. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Tiny growths in the lungs. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
Air is not able to leave the lungs. Prior heart surgery. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Fracture of the breastbone is healed. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Air in the lungs and fat blockage of the lungs is due to prior surgery. Abnormally large lymph nodes in the chest. The left part of the heart is wider than normal. Prior surgery of the aorta and heart's valve.
Spots in the bottoms of both lungs are probably due to airway blockage.
There is a thickening of the airways which may be due to inflammaiton. Abnormal air in the chest and lungs. Abnormally large amount of air around the esophagus.
There is a tiny amount of fluid around both lungs. Patchy spots in the lungs.
There is a new area of air in the top of the right lung. There are new growths in the right upper lobe. The heart is bigger than normal.
Thickening of the tops of the lungs is probably due to fluid in the lungs. There is some loss of air in the left lung. A pencil eraser sized hazy gray growth in the top of the left lun looks the same as the last scan but looks worse than the last. Other tiny growths in the lung.
Fluid around both lungs with loss of air looks the same as before.
Hardening of the top of the aorta. Age related changes in the shoulders.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mild thickening of the top of the left lung. Mild smoking related changes of the lungs. There is a new small amount of fluid around the right lung. Loss of height in a bone of the mid spine.
Moderate smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Scarring or loss of air in the bottoms of the lungs. Enlarged lymph nodes in the right armpit and chest are bigger than before. Lymph nodes near the right lung are larger than normal, increasing the size of the lymph node in the chest to a quarter-sized lymph node. An enlarged lymph node near the heart is bigger than normal. An area of fluid or inflammaiton in the stomach is larger than usual. Age-related change in the middle of the spine.
Spots in the left lung are no longer seen and were probably due to infection. Thickening of the bottoms of both lungs may be due to loss of air. Mild airway damage. Mild damage of the airways. The tops of the heart are bigger than normal. Prior heart surgery.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. The left kidney has been removed. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Age related changes of the mid spine.
There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. There is loss of air in the bottom of the right lung. The heart is bigger than normal.
A fingernail sized growth in the middle of the right lung looks the same as before. A ladybug sized hazy gray growh in the top of the left lung is bigger than before. Spots in the bones of the mid spine look bigger than normal.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the left lung as seen the last time. Thickening and hazy gray areas in the bottoms of the lungs are seen again, probably due to scarring. Hardened lymph nodes in the right lung. A small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm. A valve in the heart is hardened.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Scarring or loss of air in the bottoms of the lungs. Hardened lymph nodes in the right lung. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Hazy gray area in the left arm bone looks the same as before and is not cancerous. Age related changes throughout the mid spine.
Damage and thickening of the airways is due to large airways disease. A pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the mid spine.
There are hazy gray areas in both lungs.
Tiny growths in the lungs. Mild smoking related changes of the lungs are seen.
Spread of cancer to both lungs looks the same as before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the mid and lower spine.
A few tiny growths are seen in the lungs. Loss of air in the bottoms of both lungs is seen.
Prior surgery of the middle of the right lung. Growths in the bottom of the left lung. Hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Destructive and hardend spots in the bones of the mid spine look the same as before.
There is a large growth in the top of the right lung. There is a quarter sized spicule in the lower left lung. The esophagus is thickened, which may be due to acid reflux. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The aorta is mildly hardened. Spots in bones of the mid spine.
There is loss of air and scarring of the bottoms of both lungs.
There are new tiny growths in the bottom of the left lung. Small airway disease in the top of the right lung. Spread of cancer to the bones.
Tiny growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. A small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm. Hardened spots in bones of the mid spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as the last scan but look worse than before. A pea sized hazy gray growth in the top of the left lung looks the same a before.
Growths in the lungs are seen again. Mucus blockage of the lungs. There is a button sized growth in the left part of the thyroid. This needs to be studied more. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The gallbladder has been removed.
Areas of fluid or inflammaiton in the middle of the right lung and air around the bottoms of both lungs may be due to infection. There are growths in the tops of the lungs. Small amount of air around both lungs with tubes in the chest. Age related changes in the mid of the spine. Smoking-induced lung changes.
There is a new tiny growth in the middle of the right lung. Thickening and growths in both lungs look the same as before.
Hazy gray areas in the bottoms of the lungs may be due to loss of air. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened. The aorta is hardened. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphram.
The heart is bigger than normal. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
Scarring or loss of air in the bottom of the left lung. Hardened spots in the lungs. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Growths in both lungs.
There is scarring of the top of the lung. There is a sac in the bottom of the right lung. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
A spot in the bottom of the left lung is bigger than before. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal, which may be due to high blood pressure in the lungs. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. Spots in the bones of the spine.
Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are new spread of cancer to the lungs. The main blood vessels of the lung are bigger than normal.
Scarring in the middle of the right lung looks the same as before. Gallstones.
Mild thickening of the airways. The right kidney has been removed.
There is a small amount of fluid around the lungs. Abnormally large amount of mucus in the airways of the bottoms of both lungs. Prior heart surgery.
Prior surgery of the right lung as seen before. Scarring of the tops of both lungs. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels are hardened.
Prior surgery of the top of the left lung. There is a quarter sized growth in the top. Other growths in the lungs look the same as before. Signs of inflammaiton in the airways. Small amount of fluid around the left kidney. The aorta and its valve are hardened.
There are tiny growths in the lungs. The growths were not seen before.
Areas of mucus blockage in the lungs look better than before. An area of fluid or inflammaiton in the top of the right lung is no longer seen. A growth in the bottom of the left lung is smaller than before and looks like it is healing. Other growths in the lung look the same as before. The heart's blood vessels are hardened. Old fractures in the left ribs.
Fluid in the windpipe and thickening of the airways. Mucus blockage of the middle of the right lung with loss of air. Smoking related changes. The left part of the diaphragm is higher than normal. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
Mild damage of the airways. Other hazy gray growths in the right lung. Growths in the left lung. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. The gallbladder has been removed. Abnormal pouches in the lungs may be due to prior surgery.
A pea sized growth in the top of the left lung looks the same as before. Spread of cancer to the bones of the mid spine looks worse than before.
Hazy gray areas in the lungs look better than before. The thyroid is smaller than normal. Parts of the esophagus are widened. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened. The valve of the Aorta is hardened. Old fractures in the left ribs are healed.
There are spots in the tops of the lungs. The top of the heart is higher than normal. Prior thyroid surgery. Low blood count.
There are smoking related changes in the lungs. Scarring of the tops of both lungs.
A tiny spot in the left lung looks the same as before and is probably a lymph node. Sacs in the lungs are seen again and may be due to enlarged lymph nodes. There are growths in both sides of the left thyroid.
Prior surgery of the top of the left lung as seen before.
The airways are thickened. Mucus blockage of the lungs. Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The esophagus is thicker than normal. The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
A pea sized hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Prior surgery of the bottom of the left lung. The esophagus is thicker than normal, which may be due to acid reflux. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The beginning of the aorta is wider than normal. The main blood vessels of the lung are wider than usual, which can be seen due to high blood pressure in the lungs. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
A spot in the left lung is probably a lymph node. Enlarged lymph nodes in both lungs.
Low lung. Mild damage of the airways is seen again. Thickening of the tops of both lungs looks the same as before. Abnormal fluid in the windpipe. Part of the heart is bigger than normal as seen before.
There are a few new tiny growths in the lungs. Hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Loss of air in the left lung is seen again, with loss of air. Abnormally large amount of fluid in the bottoms of the lungs is seen once again. Abnormal air under the skin in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before. A small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The gallbladder has been removed.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the left lung as seen before. Hazy gray growths in the lungs look the same as before. Growths in the thyroid. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Thickening in the right lung is due to prior radiation therapy. Part of the thyroid has been removed. Spread of cancer to the bones looks the same as before.
Loss of air in the bottoms of both lungs. Mild damage of the airways which may be due to aspiration. There are some growths in the thyroid. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the mid spine.
There are mild smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Pencil eraser sized growths in both lungs. Mild thickening of the airways. Enlarged lymph nodes in the armpit, chest, and heart. The beginning of the aorta is wider than normal. Mild harden of the heart's blood vessels, valves, and valves. Loss of height of bones of mid spine. Hardened spots in the bones of the spine.
A tiny growth in the middle of the right lung looks the same as before. Age related changes in the mid spine.
There is a tiny growth in the top of the left lung. There are some small growths in the thyroid. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Gallstones. Age related changes in the mid spine.
There are some growths in the thyroid. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Thickening of the right lung and fluid around the lung with some loss of air looks the same as before. There is a new fingernail sized growth in the top of the left lung. Enlarged lymph node near the windpipe and other enlarged lymph nodes in the right chest. The left part of the heart is bigger than normal.
A pouch in the top of the aorta is seen again, the same as before. This needs to be studied more on another scan. Fractures in the ribs on both sides are healed. Enlarged breast tissue.
There is loss of air in the lungs. A tiny growth in the middle of the right lung looks the same as before. A small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The gallbladder has been removed.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung as seen before. The thyroid is smaller than normal. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Patchy and hazy gray areas in the bottom of the left lung are probably due to infection. Signs of inflammaiton in the airways of the right lung.
There are severe smoking related changes in both lungs. Hazy gray areas in the bottoms of both lungs could be due to scarring. Spots in the lungs are probably due to airways blockage. There is blockage of the airways with mucus. Also, there are areas of fluid or inflammation in both airways. Loss of height in a bone of the mid spine.
Enlarged lymph nodes in the left armpit. The heart is bigger than normal. Mild enlargement of breast tissue.
Enlarged lymph nodes in the left armpit look worse than before. Other growths in the lungs look the same as before. Enlargement of lymph node in the chest looks better than the last scan. The valve of the aorta is mildly hardened.
Scarring, thickening, and damage of the airways of the lungs are probably due to scarring. Mild hazy gray areas in the lungs. Scattered tiny growths are seen in the lung. The esophagus is wider than normal and a part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart. The aorta and its valve are hardened. Gallstones.
Mild hazy gray areas with thickening of the lungs. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the right lung. Abnormal air in the chest is probably due to recent surgery. The heart is bigger than normal. The aorta's valve has been replaced.
Hazy gray area in the tops of the lungs with thickening. Small amount of fluid around the left lung with some loss of air. A tiny amount of water is around the right lung. The heart is bigger than normal. Low blood count.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung as seen the last time. Blockage of the airways in the bottoms of the lungs looks like it is getting better. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
Thickening and damage of the airways is due to large airway disease. Scarring in the right lung. Tiny growth in the bottom of the left lung. Pencil eraser sized growths in the lungs. The right part of the diaphragm is higher than normal. The esophagus is thickened and there is a tiny amount of fluid and abnormal material in it, which may be due to acid reflux. A pouch in the stomach is seen.
Growths in the lungs are seen again. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
A pencil eraser sized growth in the top of the left lung looks bigger than the last scan but is the same as before. New tiny growths in the lungs. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Growths in the lungs look the same as before. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Areas of fluid or inflammaiton and hazy gray areas in the top of the right lung look the same as before and there is damage of the airways probably due to cancer. An area of area of inflammation and fluid in the lungs looks worse than before.
A small part of the stomach bulging through the diaphragm looks the same as before. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as the last scan but look worse than the last. The growths are unchanged. The gallbladder has been removed.
Thickening and mucus blockage of the airways is due to large airways disease. Thickening and sacs in the bottoms of the lungs look the same as before. Growths in the lungs. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. The liver is hardened. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Small amount of air around the right lung. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The heart's blood vessels, the aorta, and the Aorta's valve are hardened.
Prior surgery of the tops of the lungs as seen the last time. Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as the last scan but look worse than before. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Mild smoking related changes of the lungs. A dime sized growth in the top of the left lung looks bigger than before. Mild growths in the lungs look smaller than the last scan. Enlarged lymph node in the left armpit.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung. Growths in the lungs look the same as before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Gallstones. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There is a lot of fluid in the windpipe. Small amount of fluid around the lungs with some loss of air in the bottoms of the lungs. Thickening of the lung. Area of fluid or inflammation in the middle of the right lung with some hazy gray areas. Loss of air is seen in the lungs, some of which is hard to see. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Abnormally large pouches in the chest are seen. The heart is bigger than normal. Severe harden of the valve of the aorta. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened. There is a tiny amount of abnormal air around the heart. The main blood clot in the lung is wider than usual. Hardening of a valve in the heart's blood vessel. Hardened of the top of the anorta is seen.
A large spot in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Growths in the tops of both lungs. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The beginning of the aorta is hardened.
There is a large amount of fluid around the left lung with some loss of air. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart. The gallbladder has been removed.
A spot in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before.
Moderate smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. There is scarring of the tops of both lungs. Growths in the lung. Mild hardened of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Right renal stones are seen. Age related changes of the mid spine. Fractures in the right ribs are healed.
There is a moderate amount of air around the right lung. There are hazy gray areas and areas of fluid or inflammaiton in both lungs. Small amount of fluid around the left lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest.
Mucus blockage of the airways. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The aorta is hardened. Prior surgery of the left breast and armpit.
There are new groups of hazy gray areas in the left lung. Mild smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
A button sized growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Other tiny growths in the lungs. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
There is more fluid around both lungs than before. Loss of air and loss of air in the bottoms of both lungs is seen again. There is a new small amount of air around the right lung which is causing air to be unable to leave the lungs. New hazy gray areas and spots in the top of the left lung may be due to aspiration or inflammaiton. Spots in the tops of the lungs are seen again and are probabl due to prior surgery or radiation. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before.
Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as the last scan but with some hazy gray areas. New tiny amount of fluid around the left lung. Lymph node in the stomach are bigger than normal. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels. Low blood count.
A growth in the top of the left lung is larger than before with new growths. The right lung has been treated with radiation before. A growth near the heart looks the same as before. There are smoking-related lung changes and airway damage. Prior surgery of the right lung. Spread of cancer to the breastbone looks the the same.
There are growths in the tops of both lungs. There are smoking-related lung changes. Abnormal mucus in the airways of the right lung. Small amount of fluid around the heart. The heart's blood vessels are hardened and there has been prior heart surgery.
Mild smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. A tiny growth in the middle of the right lung looks the same as before.
Growths in the lungs are due to airway disease. Thickening of the airways.
A tiny growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. There are some small growths in the thyroid. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels. Spread of cancer to the bones of the mid spine. Fracture of the breastbone is healed.
There is a tiny growth in the bottom of the right lung. This should be payed attention to on the next scan. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Prior surgery of the right lung as seen before. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Enlarged lymph node in the right windpipe as seen the last time. Mild enlargement of breast tissue.
Scarring, damage, thickening, and hazy gray areas in the bottoms of the lungs are due to scarring. Signs of inflammaiton of the airways of the top of the right lung are seen again. There is a small amount of fluid in the windpipe. The esophagus is wider than normal and there is some acid reflux. The heart's blood vessels are bigger than normal. Small amount of blood around the heart, the same as before.
A quarter sized hazy gray growth in the top of the left lung is bigger than before. Other growths in the lungs look the same as before. Enlarged lymph node in the chest as seen before. The heart's blood vessels are hardened. The aorta is hardened.
Smoking related changes in the lungs. Scarring in the bottom of the right lung. The left part of the diaphragm is higher than normal. A small portion of the intestine is bulging through the esophagus. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened. Abnormal pouches in the colon are seen.
A large area of fluid or inflammaiton in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before. Smoking related changes in the lungs. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart.
A growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. There is scarring of the tops of both lungs with some hardening. Mild thickening of the airways. Mucus blockage of the lungs.
There is a lot of mucus in the windpipe. There is a tiny growth in the bottom of the left lung. Thickening and thickening of the middle of the right lung is seen again. Thickened and thickened ariways in the left lobe are seen. Tiny spots in the lungs are probably due to small airways disease. A lymph node in the chest is bigger than normal, the same as before. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
There is a ladybug sized growth in the left lung. The heart's blood vessels, the aorta, and a valve in the heart are hardened.
A pea sized growth in the bottom of the right lung is bigger than before. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mild thickening of the airways. The airways are thickened due to airway disease. There is some airway damage in the bottoms of the lungs. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The heart's blood vessels, the aorta, and the Aorta's valve are hardened. Hardening of a valve in the heart.
A pea sized spot in the middle of the right lung is probably a lymph node. A tiny growth in the bottom of the left lung is seen.
Mucus blockage of the airways. The airways are thickened. A ladybug sized growth in the top of the right lung is smaller than before. New button sized hazy gray area in the tops of the left lung. Loss of height in a bone of the mid spine looks the same as before.
Tiny growths in the lungs. A small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm. Low blood count. The valve of the aorta is hardened.
A tiny growth in the top of the right lung seen before is no longer seen. A pea sized growth seen before in the bottom of the left lung is not seen and may not be there anymore. A pencil eraser sized growth is bigger than before. Changes in the right lungs look the same as before due to prior treatment. Hazy gray areas in the lungs seen before are gone. New thickening and damage of the airways in both lungs due to new radiaiton treatment. A tiny amount of fluid is not where it should be. The heart's blood vessels and valve of the aorta are hardened.
Prior surgery of the top of the left lung as seen before. Thickening of the airways. Mild hardened of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the mid spine.
There is a tiny growth in an airway of the middle of the right lung. Tiny growth in the bottom of the left lung. There is a pea sized hazy gray area in the bottoms of both lungs. There are tiny growths in the top of the lungs. A tiny growth is seen in the right lower lung.
Abnormal fluid in the windpipe and thickening of the airways is probably due to airways disease. A button sized growth in the bottom of the right lung looks smaller than before. A tiny growth in a tiny spot in the lower left lung looks the same as the last time. A pencil eraser sized growth near the left lung is the same size as before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
Tiny growths in the lungs are seen again. Spread of cancer to the mid spine looks the same as before. Prior surgery of the left breast.
A few tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. There are some small growths in the thyroid. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Tiny spot in the right lung looks the same as before and is probably a lymph node. The beginning of the aorta is wider than normal as seen before. The heart's valve has been replaced and there has been prior surgery on the top. Prior surgery of the chest. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart's blood vessel and the Aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There is scarring of the tops of both lungs. There is damage of the airways and scarring associated with airway blockage of the top of the right lung. Thickening, thickeing, and loss of air in the bottoms of the lungs. Mild thickening of the lung. Small amount of fluid around both lungs, a little more than before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest. Abnormal material in the esophagus may be due to acid reflux or it not moving. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The heart is bigger than normal. The beginning of the aorta is wider than usual. The main blood vessels of the Lung are wider than normal, which can be seen due to high blood pressure in the lungs lungs. Severe harden of the blood vessel going to the heart. Low blood count. The gallbladder has been removed. Age related changes in bones of the mid spine.
A fingernail sized spot in the bottom of the right lung could be due to mucus blockage. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart. The aorta is hardened. Loss of height in a bone of the mid spine looks the same as before.
Prior surgery of the left lung. There is a tiny amount of air that may be due to air not being able to leave the lung. Abnormal air in the lung is no longer seen. Abnormally, there is a lot of air around the lung where it shouldn't be. Also, there are other large amounts of fluid around the lungs. These areas of fluid or inflammaiton are bigger than before and may be related to infection. There are smoking-related changes in the top of the right lung. An area of abnormal fluid or inflammation in the right upper lung is seen again. The right part of the heart is bigger than normal. The main blood vessels of the lung are wider than normal, most likely due to high blood pressure in the heart. An enlarged lymph node in the chest looks the same as before. A pouches in the colon is seen.
Loss of air in the bottom of the left lung and an area of fluid or inflammaiton with air that is blocking the airways looks better than before. Hazy gray areas and growths in the right lung look better than the last scan but there are still some hazy gray area and spots. Fluid around the left lungs is no longer seen. The beginning of the windpipe is wider than normal. The heart is bigger than normal as seen before. Enlarged breast tissue is seen more on the right. Age related changes and loss of height in the bones of the mid spine look the same as before.
Small amount of air around the left lung. Small amount of fluid around both lungs. The heart is bigger than normal.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs look the same as before. There is a spot in the top of the right lung. The spleen is bigger than normal.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the left lung.
A few tiny growths are seen in the lungs. Mild loss of air in both lungs. The spleen is bigger than normal. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the left adrenal gland. There are sacs in the left kidney. Spread of cancer to the liver.
There are new hazy gray areas in the bottom of the right lung.
Areas of fluid or inflammation in the bottoms of both lungs look worse than before. The heart is bigger than normal.
Enlarged lymph node near the right collar bone is bigger than before, with new growth in the right part of the thyroid. An area of fluid or inflammaiton in the top of the right lung is smaller than before. Other lymph nodes in the chest are also smaller than normal. Enlargement of lymph node in the left armpit is the same as before. A lymphnode near the left ribs is larger than normal, although it is now smaller than usual. Smoking related changes in the lungs are seen again.
A tiny growth in the middle of the right lung looks the same as before and is not cancerous. Old rib fractures on the left are seen again.
There is loss of air in the bottom of the left lung due to a large part of the stomach bulging through the diaphragm. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Prior heart surgery. A large portion of the abdomen is bulging into the stomach. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A tiny growth in the top of the left lung looks the same as before. Other tiny growths in the lungs.
Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There is a pencil eraser sized growth in the top of the left lung. There is a pea sized growth. There are tiny growths in the left and right lungs. Tiny growths under the skin of the right lung. A tiny growth is seen in the bottom of the Right lung.
A ladybug sized growth in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before. Other tiny growths in the lungs.
There is a new growth in the bottoms of the lungs. Scarring or loss of air in the bottom of both lungs. There is less fluid around both lungs than before. Prior surgery of the esophagus. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A few tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
A pea sized growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before and is not cancerous.
Growths in the lungs look worse than before. New areas of fluid or inflammaiton in the right and left lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest are seen again. The esophagus is widened. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart as seen before.
There is loss of air in the bottoms of the lungs. Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are mildly hardened. Age related changes of the mid spine.
Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the mid spine.
The valve of the aorta is severely hardened. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
Scarring and loss of air in the top of the right lung. Small growths in the left part of the thyroid. The heart is bigger than normal.
The aorta is hardened. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Pneumonia in the lungs looks better than before. There is less airway blockage than the last exam. Abnormally large amount of fluid around the right lung. Fluid around the left side of the left lung is less than normal. Mild enlargement of breast tissue.
Severe smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Mild thickneing of the airways. The airways are thickened due to airways disease. Prior radiation therapy of the right lung. The beginning of the aorta is wider than usual. The aortas is wider that normal. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Growths in the lungs look the same as before. Spots in the lung are probably lymph nodes.
A fingernail sized growth in the top of the right lung looks bigger than before. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mild smoking related changes of the lungs.
Tiny growths in the lungs. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Fluid in the lungs with a small amount of fluid around the lungs is bigger than before. There is more than a tiny amount of water around the heart than normal. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest are seen again. Hardening of the liver is seen.
Prior surgery of the right lung as seen before. Patchy areas of fluid or inflammation with damage of the airways. These areas of inflammation and damage look the same as before. Growths in the thyroid. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Fluid around the lungs looks the same as the last scan but with some loss of air. A patchy pattern of the tops of both lungs may be due to small airways disease. The tops of the heart are bigger than normal. Small amount of fluid around the heart, the same size as before.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung. Growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mild smoking related changes of the lungs.
Mild thickening of the airways. The esophagus is thicker than normal, which may be due to acid reflux. Large portion of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm. The heart is bigger than normal. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened. The beginning of the aorta is wider than usual.
Tiny growth in the left part of the stomach looks the same as before. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Thickening of both lungs looks worse than before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
There is a tiny amount of fluid around the right lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. The heart is bigger than normal.
Growths in both lungs. The growths look the same as before. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Damage, thickening, and mucus blockage of the airways. Age related changes of the mid spine.
Fat in the top of the abdomen is seen again.
Fluid in the windpipe. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Signs of airway disease. Other tiny growths in the lung look the same as before. Mild hardened of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age-related change in the mid spine.
There are smoking related changes and scarring in the tops of both lungs. The airways are thickened. A small part of the stomach bulging through the diaphragm looks the same as before. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened.
Tiny spots in the lungs. There is damage and blockage of the airways with mucus blockage in the left lung. Groups of tiny spots are probably due to airways disease. The heart's blood vessels, the aorta, the heart's valve and the beginning of the aarta are hardened. Gallstones.
The tops of the heart are bigger than normal. The top of the aorta is wider than normal as seen before. The main blood vessels of the lung are wider than usual. The heart's blood vessels, the aortinga, and its valve are hardened. The right chest is hardened. Age related changes in the right shoulder.
Signs of inflammaiton or inflammation of the airways of the top of the left lung are seen. The heart is bigger than normal. Prior heart surgery.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as the last scan but look worse than before.
There is an area of fluid or inflammaiton in the bottom of the right lung. A tiny growth in the top of the left lung looks the same as before. A loss of air in the middle of the lung is seen. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm and the esophagus is thickened, probably due to a growth seen before. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened.
Mild thickening of the airways. Hazy gray areas in the lungs are no longer seen. There is more thickening and airway damage in the left lung due to prior cancer treatment of the left breast.
A ladybug sized growth in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before. Other tiny growths in the lungs. Mild damage and mucus blockage of the airways.
Severe smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Other growths in the lung look the same as before. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. Severe harden of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. The aortas valve is hardened. Age-related change in the middle of the spine.
A quarter sized growth in the top of the left lung looks smaller than before. New tiny growths in the lower left lung. New signs of inflammaiton in the airways. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. The heart is bigger than normal. The main blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened. Fracture of a left rib.
A patchy pattern of the lungs with thickening could have many causes. Tiny growths in the lungs. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal, which may be due to high blood pressure in the heart. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Mild thickening of the airways. New groups of tiny growths in the right and left lung. New tiny growth in the middle of the right lung. The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
Fluid around the left lung is less than before. There is a lot of mucus in the windpipe. Mild thickening of the airways. Growths in both lungs look the same as before. Enlarged lymph node in the chest. The beginning of the aorta has been replaced with a valve that is probably due to prior surgery. The blood vessels of the heart are bigger than normal. Mild hardening. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than usual. Prior surgery of the breastbone.
A few small growths in the lungs look the same as before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the neck and lungs are seen again. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened. The valve of the aorta is hardened.
A large growth in the top of the left lung is bigger than before. A button sized growth is the same as the last scan but looks worse. A fingernail sized growth near the left collar bone looks the same. A finger nail sized growth inthe top ofthe left lung looks bigger than the last exam but looks smaller than in the last. A ladybug sized growth the left part of the lung is now the same size as the right part. The airways are thickened. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels are hardened. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart as seen before. The esophagus is widened and has abnormal material and fluid.
Damage of the airways of the bottoms of the lungs. A group of tiny spots in the top of the right lung may be due to small airways disease. Scarring of the bottom of the lung. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
A pea sized hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before.
Moderate hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the mid spine.
The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta's valve. Mild hardened of the beginning of the anorta.
Loss of air in the middle of the right lung looks the same as the last scan but may be due to a growth. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the left lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest have increased in size and are bigger than normal. Loss of height in a bone of the mid spine.
Mild thickening of the airways. Scarring of the tops of both lungs. New small amount of fluid around the right lung. Scattered tiny growths are seen in the lungs. The top of the heart is bigger than normal. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal, which can be seen due to high blood pressure in the lung. The aorta is hardened. The breastbone has been removed. The skin of the right breast is thickened. Age related changes in the spine and right shoulder.
Hardened growths in the top of the right lung look the same as before. Hardened lymph nodes in the chest and lungs. Large part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. There is a valve in the heart. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Scarring and loss of air in the bottom of the right lung is seen again.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Tiny growths in the lungs. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The airways are thickened. Hazy gray areas in the bottom of the left lung may be due to infection or inflammaiton. A small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm.
There is a tiny growth in the bottom of the right lung. Enlarged lymph node in the right armpit. The gallbladder has been removed.
Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Enlarged lymph node near the left collar bone.
A few signs of inflammaiton in the airways look the same as before. Signs of airway blockage.
Fluid around the heart is the same as before. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart with or without stents.
Tiny growths in the lungs. Mild smoking-related lung changes.
Fluid is seen in the windpipe, airways, and airways of the left lung with loss of air. Mild loss of volume in the left lower lung.
There is a tiny amount of new fluid around the left lung with some loss of air. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm.
Prior surgery of the chest. There is a small amount of fluid around the aorta and air around the drain. Small amount of abnormal fluid in the lung, and air where it shouldn't be around the lung. The top of the heart is bigger than normal. The gallbladder has been removed.
There is loss of air in the bottom of both lungs. Age related changes in the spine.
A grape sized spot in the chest looks the same as before. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung as seen the last time. A quarter sized growth in the right lower lung is larger than before. A ladybug sized growth near suture is bigger than normal. A finger nail sized growth next to the suture line in the left lung looks the same as the last scan but is not where it should be. There is loss of air and patchy pattern of the lung is probably due to small airway disease. Mild smoking related changes in the lungs. Fluid is seen in the windpipe. Enlarged lymph node near the right armpit as seen before. The aorta's valve is hardened.
There is a pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the right lung. There is a small amount of fluid around the left lung. Hardened lymph nodes in the right lungs are probably due to inflammation. A pea sized growth is seen in the left part of the thyroid. This needs to be studied more on another scan. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
There is loss of air in the bottom of both lungs. Growths in the top of the right lung are higher than before. There is a tiny amount of fluid around both sides of the lungs. The esophagus is thickened as seen before. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm.
A few tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
There is a new small amount of fluid around the left lung. An area of fluid or inflammaiton in the left lower lobe is probably due to loss of air. There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. There is a tiny amount of blood around the heart.
A pea sized hardened growth in the right lung looks the same as before.
Spots in the thymus are probably due to too much fat in the thyroid.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
Spots in the tops of both lungs and the bottom of the left lung look the same as before. Thickened spots in the right lung are seen again. Thickening of the right part of the lung is seen. Abnormal mucus in the esophagus. Abnormally large pouches in the stomach are seen. The left kidney has been removed.
There is a small amount of fluid around both lungs with some loss of air in the lungs.
A few growths in the lungs look the same as before. Scarring and loss of air in the left lung are seen again. Mild damage of the airways. Enlarged lymph node in the right part of the thyroid as seen before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened as seen the last time.
Widening of the top of the aorta looks the same as before.
New hazy gray areas in the top of the right lung are thought to be due to infection. Small amount of fluid around the left lung, new from the last exam. Enlarged lymph nodes in the right windpipe and near the windpipe look the same as the last scan but look worse than before. There is a tiny amount of mucus around the heart.
Growths in both lungs. There are other growths in the lungs. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest and lungs.
Scarring in the bottoms of both lungs with hazy gray areas is probably due to small airway disease. Loss of air in the left lung is seen. Enlarged lymph node near the left armpit.
There are hazy gray areas with patchy pattern of the lungs. There is loss of air in the middle of the left lung. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs are seen again. Scarring in the top of the left lung looks the same as before with some loss of air in the lungs. A pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the right lung is new. New hazy gray areas and spots in both lungs are probabl due to inflammaiton. The airways are thickened. Enlarged lymph node in the chest is the same size as before. Loss of height in bones of the mid spine is seen once.
Growths in both lungs look the same as before. Small amount of fluid around both lungs. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Prior surgery of the right breast.
Moderate smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Growths in the lung look the same as before. Mild hardened of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. The gallbladder has been removed. Age related changes throughout the middle of the spine.
Moderate smoking related changes in the lungs. Thickening of the airways. Scarring or loss of air in both lungs. Severe hardened of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta.
Fluid around both lungs with some loss of air. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
There is mild damage of the airways. There is loss of air in the bottom of the left lung. Fluid around the right lung is no longer seen. A large growth in the chest has decreased in size and is now the size of a grape. Less than a quarter of a centimeter of fluid around the left side of the lung is now gone. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are mildly hardened. Hardening of a valve in the heart and the aortas. Prior surgery of the mid spine.
Loss of air and damage of the airways of the top of the right lung is seen again, probably due to prior radiaiton. Spread of cancer to the rib cage looks the same as before.
The right part of the diaphragm is higher than normal with some loss of air in the bottom of the right lung. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Abnormal fluid in the windpipe and airways. This should be followed up with another scan. Fatty liver.
Hazy gray areas in the bottom of the left lung are no longer seen. Smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs with fluid filled sacs in the lungs. Abnormal fluid in the windpipe. Mild thickneing and damage of the airways. Hazy gray area in the top of the right lung may be due to scarring.
There are hazy gray growths in the top of the right and left lungs. Part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Mild hardening of a valve in the heart.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung. Growths in both lungs look the same as the last scan but look worse than before. A patchy pattern of the bottoms of both lungs is probably due to airway disease. A small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm.
A few tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the left armpit and near the left collar bone are the same size as the last scan but look bigger than normal. An enlarged lymph node in the right chest looks the same. The blood vessels of the heart as well as the aorta and its valve are mildly hardened.
Hazy gray areas and spots in the lungs are probably due to swallowing something into the lungs or infection. Small amount of fluid around the left lung. Low blood count.
There is a new amount of fluid around both lungs with some loss of air. Prior surgery of the bottom of the left lung. New hazy gray areas in the tops of the lungs. Smoking related changes and thickening of the airways as seen before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest.
A large growth in the top of the left lung looks better than before. Thickening and hazy gray areas in the left upper lung are no longer seen. Thickness and obstruction of the airways of the bottom of the right lung looks worse than the last exam. Signs of inflammaiton in the bottoms of the lungs look the same as before. Growths in the lower left lung look like they are getting less inflamed. A small amount of fluid around the left lungs is no longer there. The airways are thickened. An airway in the right lungs is wider than normal. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and the aortas valve are hardened. The left breast has been removed.
Smoking related changes and growths in the tops of the lungs are probably due to damage of the airways. Fluid around the right lung is no longer seen. Hardened spots in the bottom of the left lung are seen again. Widening of the top of the aorta looks the same as before. Mild harden of the heart's blood vessels.
The right part of the diaphragm is higher than normal as seen before. The valve of the aorta is mildly hardened. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels. There is a clot in the left lung. Destructive and hardend spots in the bones of the mid spine may be due to spread of cancer.
Abnormal fluid in the windpipe and thickening of the airways. Mild smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. The esophagus is thicker than normal. The beginning of the aorta is wider than usual. The heart's blood vessel, the anorta, and the Aorta's valve are hardened. Enlarged breast tissue.
A tiny growth in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before. Age related changes in the mid spine.
There is a lot of fluid in the windpipe and airways of the right lung. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the left lung as seen before. Small amount of mucus around the right lungs, decreased from before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest. Prior surgery of the mid spine.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Age related changes of the mid spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as the last scan but look worse than before. Growths in the thyroid. A small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm. Widening of the top of the lung is seen again.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mucus blockage of the lungs. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
Damage of the airways of the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before and are probably due to prior infection. Thickening in the right and left lungs may be due to fluid around the lungs. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Hardening of a valve in the heart. Prior surgery of the stomach. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Damage, thickening, and mucus blockage of the airways of the bottoms of the lungs is seen again, with growths in the lungs. An area of fluid or inflammaiton in the right lung is smaller than before. Hazy gray areas in the tops of both lungs may be due to disease. Mild secretions in the windpipe. Other tiny growths look the same as before. Part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm.
The thyroid is smaller than normal. Prior surgery of the left armpit.
There is a new small amount of fluid around the right lung. There is less effluid around the left lung than before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest have gotten smaller. Low blood count.
A pea sized growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. This needs to be followed up. Enlarged lymph node near the windpipe. This should be payed for. The valve of the aorta is mildly hardened.
Fluid around the right lung is less than before. There is less fluid around the left lung than the last scan but there is still a small amount of fluid left. Growths in the right part of the lung look better than the previous exam but are still the same as before. A tiny amount of mucus is seen around the lung. Enlarged lymph node near the right heart looks the same size as the last exam but is bigger than normal. A small portion of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Cancer in the left breast with thickening of the skin is seen again. Spread of cancer to the bones of the spine. Fractures in the ribs on both sides are healing.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Mild hardened of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes of the mid spine.
Scarring in the bottom of the right lung. Hardening of the aorta. Fractures in the right ribs are healed.
Scarring with hardening of the lungs is probably due to inflammation.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung as seen before. There is damage and blockage of the airways with mucus blockage. Hazy gray growths in the lungs. A spot in the bottoms of the lungs looks the same as the last scan but is larger than the last. Other tiny growths look the same. The esophagus is wider than normal and has abnormal material. The heart is bigger than normal. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Hazy gray areas in the top of the right lung are most likely due to inflammaiton or inflammation. Loss of air in the bottoms of the lungs is probably due to loss of air. A pea-sized spot in the left lung may be a lymph node. Spots in the right lungs are probably lymph nodes. Enlarged lymph node in the chest. Prior surgery of the left breast.
Thickening, damage, and mucus blockage of the airways is due to severe airway disease. These look worse than before. Patchy pattern of the lungs could have many causes. There are some growths in the thyroid. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung as seen before. Hazy gray growths in the lungs look the same as before. Other tiny growths are the same size as normal. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Stones are seen in the gallbladder. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Severe smoking-related lung changes. Mild damage of the airways. Hazy gray areas in the top of the right lung look better than before and are no longer seen. New button sized spot in the left lung. Scarring in the right part of the lung. Spots in the bottoms of both lungs are probably due to mucus blockage and airway disease. Part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened. The gallbladder has been removed. Prior stomach surgery.
Signs of inflammaiton in the airways. Old fractures in the left ribs. Age related changes in the mid spine.
There is mild damage of the airways. Abnormal fluid in the windpipe.
Moderate smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Growths in both lungs look the same as before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest and near the windpipe are the same size as the last scan but are bigger than normal. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age-related change in the mid spine.
A growth in the middle of the right lung looks the same as the last scan but is a tiny growth with some hazy gray area.
A few tiny growths are seen in the bottom of the right lung. Loss of air and scarring of the top of the left lung.
Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the mid spine.
There are new hazy gray areas in the bottoms of the lungs. Scarring of the tops of both lungs. New spot in the top of the right lung is probably due to scarring. This should be payed attention to on follow up. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Mild thickening of the airways.
Thickening of the tops of the lungs is probably due to prior radiation. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Prior surgery of both breasts.
There is mild scarring of the tops of both lungs. Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The thyroid is bigger than normal. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The gallbladder has been removed.
There is loss of air in the bottom of the right lung. There are hazy gray areas in the tops of both lungs. A tiny growth in the bottoms of the left lung looks the same as the last scan but looks worse than before. A large growth is blocking the airways. The gallbladder has been removed. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A few growths in the lungs. Growths in the thyroid. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. The airways are thickened. Signs of inflammaiton in the airways. The heart's blood vessels, the aorta, and a valve in the heart are hardened. The gallbladder has been removed.
Scarring and damage of the airways, loss of air, hazy gray areas, and new small amount of fluid in the top of the right lung is probably due to swallowing something into the lungs. A tiny growth in the upper lobe looks the same as before. The bottom of the esophagus is thickened and part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Low blood count.
There are smoking related changes in the lungs. Hazy gray areas in the right lung. There is fat in the liver.
Growths in both lungs are probably due to spread of cancer. Damage of the airways of the bottoms of both lungs is seen again.
There is a tiny amount of fluid around the right lung with some loss of air and scarring. Thickening of the lungs. Enlarged lymph node in the middle of the left lung. Other lymph nodes in the chest look bigger than before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. A valve in the heart has been replaced.
Air in the left lung is not where it should be. The heart is bigger than normal. The amount of fluid around the heart is the same as before. Low blood count. Old fractures in the right ribs.
Growths in the left lung look the same as before. Signs of inflammaiton in the airways are seen again and are most likely due to inflammation. A small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm. Gallstones. Destructive spots in the ribs. A spot in a right rib is seen again.
Prior surgery of the top of the left lung as seen before. There is new enlarged lymph node in the right lung. Enlarged breast tissue.
Hardened spots in the right lung are seen again. There is a small amount of fluid around the lungs.
There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Mild thickneing of the airways. Hazy gray growths in the lungs look smaller than before. Mild secretions in the windpipe. Enlarged lymph node in the left neck has got smaller. Enarged lymph nodes in the chest have gotten smaller. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Old fractures in the right ribs.
Growths in the lungs look the same as before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the mid and lower spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
A tiny growth in the top of the left lung looks the same as before. Loss of air in the bottoms of both lungs. Enlarged lymph node in the left neck as seen before. Age related changes in the spine.
There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Scarring of the top of both lungs.
Smoking related changes. A tiny growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. New tiny growths in the top of the right lung. Fatty liver.
Changes in the left breast are due to prior radiation treatment.
Tiny spots in the bottom of the right lung are probably due to inflammaiton or inflammation.
A tiny hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung may be due to infection or inflammaiton.
Smoking related changes in the lungs are seen again. A pencil eraser sized growth in the top of the left lung is smaller than before. Growths in lungs look the same as before.
Hazy gray areas and spots in both lungs are probably due to prior covid. There are smoking-related lung changes. Enlarged lymph node in the chest. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The aorta is mildly hardened. Mild enlargement of the left breast tissue.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. A small amount of fluid around both lungs with some loss of air in the right lung is seen again, increased on the right. The heart is bigger than normal. The thyroid is big and there are growths as seen before. Old fractures in the spine and ribs are seen again.
Spread of cancer to the right lung looks better than before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mild smoking related changes of the lungs. Enlarged lymph node in the right armpit is bigger than last time. Lymph nodes in the middle of the spine are bigger than before. The liver is full of fat.
A ladybug sized hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as the last scan but looks worse than the last. A tiny growth at the bottoms of the left lung is seen again.
A ladybug sized growth in the top of the left lung looks bigger than before. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The thyroid is bigger than normal. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta.
A few growths in the lungs look the same as before. Spot in a right rib.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened.
A few tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Patchy hazy gray growths in the top of the left lung look the same as before. There are some small growths in the thyroid. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are mildly hardened. Age related changes throughout the middle of the spine.
A pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the right lung is larger than before. A tiny growth is bigger than normal. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. The esophagus is wider than usual. Prior heart surgery. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and valves. Loss of height in a bone of the mid spine.
Growths in the right lung look the same as before. Scarring or loss of air in the left lung. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Growths in both lungs look smaller than before.
Moderate smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Patchy spots seen before are no longer seen. Growths in the lung look the same as before. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the lungs. Age-related change in the middle of the spine.
Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
A pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before. The aorta and its valve are hardened.
Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the mid spine.
A large growth in the top of the right lung is bigger than before. A large growth is seen in the bottom of the left lung. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The esophagus is thickened with some inflammation which may be due to acid reflux. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
Spread of cancer to the ribs looks the same as before. Prior surgery of both breasts.
There is a large amount of fluid around both lungs, swelling, and area of fluid or inflammaiton in the bottoms of both lungs. Enlarged lymph node near the windpipe. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Fluid around the left lung is no longer seen. There is less fluid around the right lung than before with hazy gray areas and areas of fluid or inflammaiton. The heart is bigger than normal.
Prior surgery of the top of the left lung as seen before. Growths in the lungs look the same as before. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Spots and damage of the airways of the top of the right lung look the same as before and may be due to old inflammaiton. New growths in the right and left lungs. A ladybug sized growth in the left lung is bigger than before. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Hazy gray areas in the bottom of the lungs are probably due to loss of air. Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Enlarged lymph node in the chest looks the same size as the last time. The top of the aorta is wider than normal. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
There are hazy gray areas in the lungs probably due to airway blockage. New hazy areas of inflammaiton in the top of the right lung. Mild hardening of the thyroid. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Thickening of the bottoms of both lungs with damage of the airways looks the same as before. Widened of the top of the aorta may be due to high blood pressure in the lungs.
Abnormal fluid in the airways and thickened airways. Severe smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Fluid around both lungs is no longer seen. Prior surgery of the esophagus and stomach. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels are hardened.
Growths in the lungs look the same as before. A pea sized hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung looks the same. Scarring and loss of air in the bottoms of the lungs is seen again.
Thickening, and damage of the airways of the bottoms of the lungs look the same as before. Air is not able to leave the lungs. The esophagus is thickened, which may be due to acid reflux. Parts of the stomach are widened. The main blood vessels of the lung are mildly hardened.
Spots in both lungs look the same as before. Loss of air in the bottom of the right lung is seen again. Prior surgery of a bone of the lower spine.
A blood clot in the lungs looks better than before.
There is less air around the top of the right lung than before. Abnormally large amount of fluid around the lung with some air loss in the bottoms of the lungs. Abnormal fluid in the chest is the same as before.
The thyroid is smaller than normal. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Signs of inflammaiton of the airways with new hazy gray areas are seen again. Loss of air in the right lung is seen once again. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened.
Abnormal fluid in the windpipe and thickening of the airways. The airways are thickened due to airways disease. Mucus blockage of the lungs. Hazy gray areas in the lungs look the same as before. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The aorta and its valve are hardened. Gallstones. Age related changes in the spine.
Hazy gray growths in both lungs look the same as before. The airways are thickened. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Prior surgery of the right lung. The bottom of the left lung is collapsed.
A few tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Scarring of the airways and thickening of the lungs is probably due to scarring. Scarring and hazy gray areas in the lungs look the same as before. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Mild enlargement of the breast tissue.
Loss of air in both lungs is seen again. Hazy gray areas in the bottom of the right lung look the same as before and are due to inflammaiton. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. There is more thickening of the lung which may be due to smoking related lung disease. Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung. Fatty growth in the top of the heart. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. The left breast has been previously treated with radiation. A growth in a bone of the left chest looks the same as before.
Thickening and hazy gray areas in the lungs may be due to fluid or inflammaiton. Enlarged lymph nodes in the right lung have increased in size and are bigger than normal. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Hardening of part of the right chest. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung as seen the last time. There is less fluid around the left lung than before. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The beginning of the aorta is wider than normal. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels. Abnormal pouches in the colon are seen. Enlarged breast tissue.
Abnormal fluid in the windpipe and thickening of the airways. Smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Mild airway damage.
There is scarring of the tops of both lungs.
A fingernail sized hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Other smaller hazy growths in the lungs. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. The gallbladder has been removed. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Prior surgery of the right lung. Loss of air in the airways of the middle of the lung is seen again. A part of the left lung is bulging through the diaphragm as seen before. Abnormal mucus in the top of the windpipe. Part of the stomach bulges into the chest. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
Mild thickening of the airways. The airways in the bottoms of the lungs are thickened. There is some air loss in the bottom of the left lung. Scarring in the right lung. Hardened lymph nodes in the lungs and chest are probably due to inflammation. The esophagus is thickened, which may be due to acid reflux. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The heart is bigger than normal. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened. Loss of height in bones of the mid spine.
A group of tiny spots in the right lung is probably due to airway disease. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Fluid around the right lung has increased in size and there is more loss of air in the left lung. Damage of the airways and thickening of both lungs is seen again, probably due to prior covid. The top of the aorta is wider than normal. This may be due to high blood pressure in the lungs. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels is seen once again. The spleen has been removed. Abnormal curvature of the spine.
Spread of cancer to the lungs. Growths in the lungs look the same as before. The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
Smoking related changes and growths in the tops of the lungs are seen again, probably due to inflammaiton of the airways. A pencil eraser sized growth in the top of the left lung looks the same as before. Loss of air, thickening, and hardening of the lung is seen again. Spots in the stomach may be due to the thymus. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
A ladybug sized growth in the bottom of the right lung is no longer seen. Other growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung as seen the last time. A patchy pattern of the lungs may be due to air not being able to leave the lungs properly. Fatty growth in the tops of the heart. The heart's blood vessel and the aorta are hardened. Fat in the liver.
Fluid in the airways and airway damage in the bottoms of the lungs looks the same as before.
Fluid around the right lung is seen again. Hazy gray areas in the top of the left lung are no longer seen. Enlarged lymph nodes in the middle of the chest and heart. The thyroid is bigger than normal with some hardening. A bruise in the chest is gone, but there is still some damage of the heart's blood vessels and valves. Hardening of the aorta.
Scarring in the middle of the right lung. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels are hardened. Spread of cancer to the bones.
Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessel and valve of the aorta. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs. Mild damage of the airways. Hardening of the aorta and the heart's blood vessels.
