Spread of cancer to the lungs looks better than before. A pea-sized growth in the top of the left lung is smaller than the last time. An 11-mucus growth at the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before. Hardened lymph nodes in the left chest are seen. The thyroid has been removed.
There is mild damage and blockage of the airways with mucus. Severe hardening of the valve of the aorta.
A few tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Growths in the lungs look the same as before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the thyroid. The gallbladder has been removed.
There is some damage of the airways. Hazy gray areas in the left lung. A part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The gallbladder has been removed.
There is a tiny growth in the top of the left lung.
Growth and hazy gray areas in the top of the right lung look worse than before. This should be payed attention to on follow up. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before.
There are many tiny growths in the lungs. Damage and blockage of the airways with mucus. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Areas of fluid or inflammaiton and fluid in the bottom of the right lung due to swallowing something into the lungs are no longer seen. There is a foreign body in the lower left lung. There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Mild mucus blockage of the windpipe.
There is some loss of air in the bottoms of both lungs. Mild fat in the liver.
The middle of the right lung is collapsed. Old loss of air in the bottoms of the lungs. New hazy gray area and thickening in the bottom of the left lung. Damage and area of fluid or inflammaiton in the right airways is seen again. Hazy gray area in the top of the Right lung look worse than before. A growth in the left part of the lung looks the same as before.
Patchy spots in both lungs with dense areas of fluid or inflammaiton.
A large growth in the top of the left lung looks the same as before. An area of fluid or inflammaiton in the lung that is bigger than before is the same. There is more fluid around the lungs with growths and spread of cancer to the right lung than before. There are enlarged lymph nodes around the heart. Enlarged lymph node in the chest. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Low blood count.
There is mild damage of the airways of the bottom of the right lung with some mucus blockage. Loss of air in the left lung is seen again. A small part of the stomach bulging through the diaphragm looks the same as before.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung. The airways are thickened. Severe smoke related changes in the lungs. Patchy spots in the bottoms of the lungs may be due to infection. The esophagus has been removed. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
Prior surgery of the top of the left lung. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
A tiny growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Enlarged lymph node in the left armpit. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. There is a pouch in the top of the aorta.
The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Growths in the right lung and scarring in the left lung is seen again and may be due to airway disease. There is scarring of the tops of both lungs. Mild loss of air in the bottoms of the lungs.
A few growths in the lungs are smaller than before. Hardening of the lungs. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
The airways of the top of the right lung are blocked as seen before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the right windpipe, chest, and around the windpipe look the same or bigger than before.
An area of fluid or inflammaiton in the bottom of the left lung is seen again. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened.
There is a new pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the right lung. There are other tiny growths in the lungs. The heart is bigger than normal as seen the last time. Smoking-related lung changes. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. Age related changes in the spine.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. A fingernail sized growth in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before. The thyroid is bigger than normal. There is a pouch in the top of the aorta. Severe hardened hardened of the blood vessels of the heart and the heart's blood vessels and valves.
A tiny growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Loss of air in the bottom of the left lung is seen as seen the last time. A small part of the stomach bulging through the diaphragm as seen before. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened. Enlarged breast tissue.
Enlarged lymph nodes in both armpits look the same as before.
There is thickening and damage of the airways. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
The tops of both lungs are scarred. Mucus blockage of the lungs. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The valve of the aorta is hardened.
Spots in the bottom of the left lung are most likely due to swallowing something into the lungs. A small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm. Gallstones.
A grape sized growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Other growths in the lungs. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same a before. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
A large part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Spread of cancer to a bone of the mid spine looks the same as before.
Growths in the top of the right lung and other growths in the lungs look the same as before. Hazy gray area in the bottom of the left lung is no longer seen and was thought to be due to inflammaiton. Mild mucus blockage of the airways. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened as seen before.
The heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened.
There is a group of tiny growths in the bottom of the left lung. The esophagus has been removed. The heart's blood vessels are hardened. Stones are seen in the gallbladder.
Tiny growths in both lungs look the same as before. A pea-sized growth in the right part of the thyroid looks the same size as the last scan. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Fluid in the lungs and hazy gray areas in the airways are due to swelling. Patchy pattern of the lungs could have many causes. Enlarged lymph node near the windpipe.
Scarring of the top of the right lung looks the same as before. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened.
Scarring of the tops of both lungs. Hazy gray area in the bottom of the right lung is smaller than before. Soft tissue spot in the right hilum. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The heart's blood vessels and valve are hardened. Hardened spot in a bone of the mid spine.
A pea sized growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. The gallbladder has been removed.
There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Growths in the thymus.
Growths in both lungs look smaller than before. Fracture in a right rib is healed.
New hazy gray areas in the top of the left lung. Mild loss of air in the bottom of the right lung. Parts of the esophagus are widened. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened. Spread of cancer to the bones.
There is more fluid around the left lung than before. Growths in the top of the right lung look worse than before and thickening in the bottom of the Right lung looks the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened as seen before.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the left lung. There are smoking related changes and scarring in the tops of the lungs. Enlarged lymph nodes in the windpipe look the same as before. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm.
Abnormal fluid in the airways of the top of the right lung. The airways are thickened and there is mild airway damage. Scarring of the tops of both lungs. Thickening of the lungs looks better than the last exam. Hazy gray areas in the bottom of the left lung look better than before. There is a group of tiny spots in the top and bottoms of the lung that may be due to airway disease. Small amount of mucus around the right lungs, the same as before. Lymph nodes in the left neck are bigger than normal. The esophagus has been removed. The heart is bigger than usual. The left heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
There is a large growth in the right lung which is blocking the airways. There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Enlarged lymph node near the right windpipe. The aorta and blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Left lymph nodes in the chest are larger than normal.
Prior surgery of the right lung as seen the last time. Prior surgery of a valve in the heart and the aorta's valve. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and valves. Surgery of the chest. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A pea sized growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. A lymph node in the chest has increased in size and is bigger than normal. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Mild thickneing of the airways with some mucus blockage. New ladybug sized hazy gray area in the bottom of the right lung. New hazy areas in the middle of the left lung. Hazy gray growths in the right lobe. New signs of airway blockage in the air sacs of the top and right lungs. The left half of the thyroid has been removed. The heart's blood vessel, the aorta's valve, and its valve are hardened. Loss of height in bone of the mid spine looks the same as before.
Mild damage of the airways. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Other growths in the lung look the same as before. The gallbladder has been removed.
Severe smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs with large airway blockage. There is scarring of the top of both lungs. The airways are thickened. Small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm.
Spots and growths in the bottom of the right lung look the same as before.
There is a lot of mucus in the windpipe. Damage of the airways is seen again. Some of the damage is worse than before. Signs of airway inflammation in the lungs. Patchy area of fluid or inflammaiton in the top of the right lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened. Hardening of a valve in the heart.
A pea sized growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. Tiny growths in the lungs. A ladybug sized growth is seen in the right part of the thyroid as seen before.
Abnormal fluid in the windpipe. Hazy gray areas in the lungs look worse than before with a new area of fluid or inflammaiton. There is more fluid around the right lung than before.
Areas of fluid or inflammation in the top of the right lung and the bottoms of the lungs look worse than before. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal.
Scarring, damage, and blockage of the airways with mucus is due to large airways disease. Growths in the lungs. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are a few sacs in the bottom of the right lung. A few tiny growths are seen in the lungs. The heart has had prior heart surgery. Fracture of a right rib.
There is some damage of the airways of the bottom of the right lung. There is a group of tiny growths in the top of the left lung. The valve of the aorta is mildly hardened.
There are hazy gray areas in both lungs with areas of fluid or inflammation. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest. The heart is bigger than normal. The beginning of the aorta is wider than usual. The valve of the heart is mildly hardened.
A spot in the left lung is most likely a lymph node.
Mild thickening of the airways with some mucus blockage. There is a pea sized hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung.
Tiny growths in the lungs. The thyroid is smaller than normal. The esophagus is thickened, which may be due to acid reflux. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Fatty growth in the top of the heart. The heart's blood vessels are hardened. The gallbladder has been removed. Age related changes in the spine.
Mild thickening of the airways. There is a tiny amount of air around the right lung. A tiny growth is seen in the top of the left lung.
The bottom of the right lung is collapsed. Spread of cancer to the lungs look the same as before. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and a valve in the heart are hardened. Cancer spread in the liver. Hardened of the heart. Abnormal pouches in the abdomen are seen.
Mild thickening of the airways. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Hazy gray areas and areas of fluid or inflammaiton in the lungs look better than before. Tiny growths in the bottom of the left lung look the same as before. The esophagus is less thickened than normal. Growths in the thyroid look smaller than the last. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A large growth in the right lung looks the same as before. Small growths in the lungs. Damage of the airways. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. The valve of the heart is hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Hazy gray area in the bottoms of both lungs may be due to swallowing something into the lungs. Other hazy gray areas in the lungs look the same as before.
There is loss of air in the bottoms of both lungs. Loss of height in the bones of the mid spine.
A few tiny growths are seen in the lungs.
Damage and thickening of the airways of the bottoms of the lungs. There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lung. There is scarring of the top of both lungs. Mild thickening in the bottom of the left lung is thought to be due to scarring. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels are hardened. Gallstones.
There is mild loss of air in the bottoms of both lungs. There is a tiny growth in the top of the left lung. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Groups of growths in the top of the right lung look smaller than the last scan but there are still some tiny growths. Other growths within the lungs look the same as before. The thyroid is bigger than normal. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
The left lung looks the same as before with some damage of the airways. Areas of fluid or inflammaiton in the bottom of the left lung look worse than before. Growths in the lungs look the same size as before.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. A ladybug sized hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung looks the same.
There is a large growth in the top of the right lung. A tiny hardening of the lung looks the same as the last scan but there is a spot in the lung that connects to the airways. A pea-sized hardened growh in the tops of the left lung as seen before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest. Lymph nodes near the windpipe are bigger than normal. There is a small amount of fluid around the heart. Severe hardeneing of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. The gallbladder has been removed. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There is scarring or loss of air in the bottoms of the lungs. Mild damage of the airways. There is a pencil eraser sized hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung and a pea-sized growths in the bottom of the left lung. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Tiny growths in the bottom of the left lung look the same as before. A patchy pattern in the bottoms of the lungs is probably due to airway disease. Enlarged lymph node in the left armpit looks the same a before. The tops of the heart are bigger than normal as seen the last time. A valve in the heart is hardened. The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
There are areas of fluid or inflammaiton and loss of air in the bottoms of both lungs. Areas of inflammation or fluid in the lungs look better than before. Small amount of fluid around the right lung and tiny amount of air around the left lung. There is abnormal material in the windpipe and airways. Part of the heart is bigger than normal. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of theheart and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There is loss of air in the bottoms of the lungs. Patchy spots in the top of the right lung. New fluid around both lungs. New large amount of fluid around the heart. The beginning of the aorta is wider than normal. The blood vessels of the heart and the heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are smoking related changes in the lungs. Hazy gray areas in the right lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. Spread of cancer to the bones is seen.
There are tiny growths in both lungs. There is a group of growth in the tops of the lungs. Severe hardened hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. The beginning of the esophagus is hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Scarring and damage of the airways of the lungs is seen. There are hardened spots in both lungs. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are smoking related changes, damage and thickening of the airways of the tops of the lungs with some mucus blockage. Growths in the left lung look the same as before.
A tiny growth in the middle of the right lung looks the same as before.
There is a tiny amount of fluid around the right lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the left chest look the same as before.
A spot in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Severe smoking related changes in the lungs. Thickening of the airways. There are spots in the aorta. The blood vessels of the heart and the heart's blood vessels and aortas are severly hardened. The gallbladder has been removed. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Tiny growths in the lungs. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
Loss of air in the lungs may be due to loss of air or scarring. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
There is a small amount of fluid around the heart. The aorta's valve and a valve in the heart are bigger than normal. The left part of the heart is wider than usual.
Areas of fluid or inflammaiton in the bottoms of both lungs. Enlarged breast tissue.
Thickening of the airways is probably due to inflammaiton or asthma.
Smoking-related lung changes. Patchy spots in the lungs. Small amount of fluid around both lungs.
There is a new area of fluid or inflammaiton in the top of the right lung. There are new tiny growths in the right upper lung. Loss of air in the bottom of the left lung looks worse than before. The heart is bigger than normal.
There is thickening of the tops of the lungs probably due to fluid in the lungs. There is loss of air in the left lung. A pencil eraser sized hazy gray growth in the top of the right thyroid looks the same as before. Other tiny growths in the lung.
Small amounts of fluid around both lungs look the same as before.
Hardening of the top of the aorta. Age related changes in the shoulders.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mild thickening of the top of the left lung. Mild smoking related changes of the lungs. There is a new small amount of fluid around the left lungs.
Moderate smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Scarring or loss of air in the bottoms of the lungs. Enlarged lymph nodes in the right armpit and chest are bigger than before. Lymph nodes near the heart are larger than normal. There is more enlargement of the lymph nodes around the heart. There are more growths around the periaorta than there before. Age related changes of the mid spine.
Areas of fluid or inflammaiton in the left lung are no longer seen. Thickening of the bottoms of both lungs with some damage of the airways. There is a hazy gray area in the bottom of the right lung. Mild airway damage. The tops of the heart are bigger than normal. Prior heart surgery.
Mild smoking-related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. The left kidney has been removed. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. There is loss of air in the bottom of the right lung. The heart is bigger than normal.
A fingernail sized growth in the middle of the right lung looks the same as before. A ladybug sized hazy gray growh in the top of the left lung that is unchanged. Spots in bones of the mid spine look bigger than before.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the left lung as seen before. Thickening and hazy gray areas in the bottoms of the lungs is seen again and may be due to scarring. Hardened lymph nodes in the right lung look the same as before and are probably due to mucus blockage. A valve in the heart is hardened.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Scarring or loss of air in the bottoms of the lungs. Hardened lymph nodes in the right lung. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Damage and thickening of the airways is due to large airways disease. A pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are hazy gray areas in both lungs.
Tiny growths in the lungs. Mild smoking related changes of the heart.
Spread of cancer to the lungs looks the same as before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same.
A few tiny growths are seen in the lungs.
Prior surgery of the middle of the right lung. Growths in the bottom of the left lung. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta.
There is a walnut sized growth in the top of the right lung. There is a quarter sized growth with some air where it shouldn't be in the bottom of the lung. The esophagus is thickened which may be due to acid reflux. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The aorta is mildly hardened. Spots in the spine.
There is loss of air and scarring of the bottoms of both lungs.
There are new tiny growths in the bottom of the left lung. Spread of cancer to the bones.
A tiny growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. A small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm. Hardened spots in bones of the mid spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. A pencil eraser sized hazy gray growth in the top of the left lung looks the same a before.
Growths in the lungs look the same as before. There is a button sized growth in the left part of the thyroid. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The gallbladder has been removed.
There is an area of fluid or inflammaiton in the right lung with some air that may be due to infection. Small amount of air around both lungs with tubes in the lungs. Age related changes in the middle of the spine. There are lots of small amounts of air under the skin in the skin.
There is a new tiny growth in the middle of the right lung. Thickening and growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Hazy gray areas in the bottoms of the lungs may be due to loss of air. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened. Hardening of the aorta is seen. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm.
Hardened spots in the bones are probably due to spread of cancer.
Scarring or loss of air in the bottom of the left lung. Hardened spots in both lungs. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Growths in both lungs.
The tops of the lungs are scarred. There is a sac in the bottom of the right lung.
A spot in the bottom of the left lung looks worse than before. The main blood vessel of the lung is bigger than normal, which may be due to high blood pressure in the lungs. Enlarged spots in the spine.
Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are new spread of cancer to the lungs.
Scarring of the middle of the right lung looks the same as before. Gallstones.
Mild thickening of the airways. The right kidney has been removed.
There is a moderate amount of fluid around both lungs, more on the left.
Prior surgery of the right lung as seen before. Scarring of the tops of both lungs. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened.
There is an area of fluid or inflammaiton in the top of the left lung. Other growths in the lungs look the same as before. Signs of inflammation of the airways. There is a small amount of fluid around the left lungs. The aorta and its valve are hardened. Loss of height in a bone of the mid spine looks the same.
There are tiny growths in the lungs.
Blockage of the airways with mucus is seen. An area of fluid or inflammaiton in the top of the right lung is smaller than before and may be due to infection. Area of inflammation in the bottom of the left lung looks better than the last exam and is probably due to healing. Other growths in the lungs look the same as before. The heart's blood vessels are hardened. Old fracture of a left rib.
Fluid is seen in the windpipe with thickening of the airways. Mucus blockage of the middle of the right lung with some loss of air. Smoking related changes in the lungs. The left part of the diaphragm is higher than normal. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung as seen the last time. Mild damage of the airways. There is a button sized hazy gray growth in the top of the left lung. There are other hazy growths in the right lungs. Growths in the left lungs. Other tiny growths are seen in the lungs. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. The gallbladder has been removed. Abnormal air in the chest may be due to prior surgery.
A pea sized growth in the top of the left lung looks the same as before. Spread of cancer to the bones looks worse than before.
Hazy gray areas in the lungs look better than before. The thyroid is smaller than normal. Parts of the esophagus are widened. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened.
There are spots in the tops of the lungs. The top of the heart is bigger than normal. Prior surgery of the thyroid. Low blood count.
There are smoking related changes in the lungs. Scarring of the tops of both lungs.
A tiny growth in the left lung looks the same as before. Sacs in the lungs are seen again. Growths in the thyroid.
Prior surgery of the top of the left lung as seen before.
The airways are thickened. Mucus blockage of the lungs. Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The esophagus is thicker than normal. The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
A pea sized hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. The esophagus is thickened which may be due to acid reflux. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Fatty growth of the heart. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal, probably due to high blood pressure in the lungs. The aorta is mildly hardened.
A spot in the left lung is probably a lymph node. Enlarged lymph nodes in the lungs.
Thickening of the tops of the lungs looks the same as before. Damage of the airways is seen again.
There are a few new groups in the lungs. New growths in the thymus. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Loss of air in the left lung is seen again. Abnormal fluid in the airways at the bottoms of the lungs looks the same as before.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the left lung as seen before. Hazy gray growths in the lungs look the same as before. There are some tiny growth in the thyroid. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Thickening in the right lung is due to prior treatment of the right breast with radiation. The thyroid has been removed. Spread of cancer to the bones looks the same as before.
There is loss of air in the bottoms of both lungs. The esophagus has been removed and there are some growths in the thyroid. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are mild smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Pencil erasers sized growths in both lungs. A pencil eraser sized growth in the right lung may be a lymph node. Mild thickening of the airways. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest, both armpits, and the chest. The aorta and its valve are hardened. Loss of height in bones of the mid spine.
A tiny growth in the middle of the right lung looks the same as before. Age related changes in the mid spine.
There is a tiny growth in the top of the left lung. There are some tiny growths in the thyroid. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Gallstones. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are some tiny growths in the thyroid. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Thickening of the right lung and a tiny amount of fluid around the lung look the same as before. There is a new finger nail sized growth in the top of the left lung. Enlarged lymph nodes near the windpipe and heart. The left heart is bigger than normal.
Fluid in the aorta is the same as before. Fractures in the ribs on both sides are healed. Enlarged breast tissue.
There is loss of air in the lungs. A tiny growth in the middle of the right lung looks the same as before. A small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm. The gallbladder has been removed.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung as seen before. The thyroid is smaller than normal. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There is a patchy area of fluid or inflammaiton and hazy gray areas in the bottom of the left lung which may be due to pneumonia.
There are severe smoking related changes in both lungs. Hazy gray areas in the bottoms of both lungs may be due to scarring. Spots in the lungs are most likely due to airway blockage. There is a stent in the windpipe and airways. Small amount of mucus blockage in the airways of the lungs. Loss of height in bone of the mid spine.
Enlarged lymph nodes in the left armpit. The heart is bigger than normal. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Growths in the lungs look the same as before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the left armpit look bigger than before.
Scarring, thickening, and damage of the airways of the lungs. Mild hazy gray area in the bottom of the left lung. Scattered tiny growths in the lungs are seen. The esophagus is wider than normal and part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Prior heart surgery. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart. The aorta and its valve are hardened. Gallstones.
Mild hazy gray area in the lungs with thickening. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the right lung. Abnormal air in the chest is probably due to recent surgery. Prior surgery of the aorta. The heart is bigger than normal.
Hazy gray areas in the tops of the lungs. Small amount of fluid around the left lung with some loss of air at the bottoms. A small amount of water is around the right lung. The heart is bigger than normal. Low blood count.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung as seen the last time. Blockage of the airways with airway blockage looks better than before. Old thickening of the left lung. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
Scarring of the airways. Tiny growths in the bottom of the left lung. There is a tiny growth in the right lung. The esophagus is thickened with fluid and substances which may be due to acid reflux. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm.
Growths in the lungs look the same as before and are most likely lymph nodes. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
A pencil eraser sized growth in the top of the left lung is bigger than before. New tiny growths in the lungs. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Growths in the lungs look the same as before. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Spots in the top of the right lung with damage of the airways look the same as before and are probably due to cancer. Areas of fluid or inflammation and hazy gray areas in the lungs look worse than before.
A small part of the stomach bulging through the diaphragm looks the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as the last scan but look worse than the last. The growths look the exact same as before. The gallbladder has been removed.
Thickening and blockage of the airways with mucus is due to large airways disease. Thickening and sacs in the bottoms of the lungs look the same as before. Growths in the lungs. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. The liver is hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Small amount of air around the right lung. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened.
Prior surgery of the tops of the lungs as seen before. Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Mild smoking related changes of the lungs. A dime sized growth in the top of the left lung is bigger than before. Growths in the right lung look smaller than the last time. Enlarged lymph nodes in the left armpit.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung. Growths in the lungs look the same as before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Gallstones. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Age related changes in the mid spine. Enlarged breast tissue.
There is a lot of mucus in the windpipe. There is a fluid filled sac in the middle of the right lung with hazy gray areas. Loss of air in the lungs. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The heart is bigger than normal. Severe hardening of the valve of the aorta. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than usual.
A pea-sized spot in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Growths in the tops of both lungs. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
There is a large amount of fluid around the left lung and loss of air. The lung is thickened. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart. The gallbladder has been removed.
A growth in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before.
Moderate smoking-related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. There is scarring of the tops of both lungs. Scattered tiny growths are seen in the lung. Mild hardened growths in the heart's blood vessels and aorta.
There is a large amount of air around the right lung. Hazy gray area and area of fluid or inflammaiton is probably due to COVID pneumonia. Small amount of fluid around the left lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest.
There is mild damage of the airways, especially in the top of the right lung. Mild scarring of the tops of the lungs. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The aorta is hardened.
There are new groups of hazy gray areas in the left lung. Mild smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
A fingernail sized growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Other tiny growths in the lungs. Smoking-related lung changes. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
There is more fluid around both lungs than before. Loss of air in the bottoms of both lungs is seen again. There is a new small amount of air around the right lung. New hazy gray area in the top of the left lung may be due to swallowing something into the lungs. Spots in the tops of the lungs are seen again and are most likely due to prior surgery.
Areas of fluid or inflammation in the lungs look worse than before. New tiny amount of fluid aroun the left lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels. Low blood count.
Prior surgery of the right lung. A ladybug sized growth in the top of the left lung is bigger than before with new growths. Spread of cancer to the breast bone looks the same as before.
There is growth in the tops of the lungs. There are smoking-related lung changes. There is mucus in the airways of the right lung. Small amount of fluid around the heart. The heart's blood vessels are hardened and there has been prior heart surgery.
Mild smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. A tiny growth in the middle of the right lung looks the same as before.
Growths in the lungs look the same as before. Thickening of the airways.
A tiny growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. There are some tiny growths in the thyroid. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Spread of cancer to the bones. A fracture in the breastbone is healed.
There is a tiny growth in the bottom of the right lung. This should be payed attention to on follow up. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung as seen before. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Enlarged lymph node near the windpipe. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Scarring, thickeing, and hazy gray areas in the bottoms of the lungs are due to scarring. Signs of inflammation of the airways in the top of the right lung are seen again. A spot in the lung with an area of fluid or inflammaiton is seen for the second time.
A hazy gray growth in the top of the left lung is bigger than before. Other growths in the lungs look the same as before. Prior surgery of the aorta's valve. The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
There are smoking related changes in the lungs. There is scarring in the bottom of the right lung. The left part of the diaphragm is higher than normal. A small portion of the stomach is bulging through the diapgragm. The top of the heart is bigger than usual. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened.
A large area of fluid or inflammaiton in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before. There are smoking-related changes in the lungs. Thickened growths in the right side of the lung. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart.
A pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. There are other tiny growths in the lungs. There is scarring of the tops of both lungs with some hardening. Mild thickening of the airways. Mucus blockage of the mucus sacs.
There is a lot of mucus in the windpipe. Tiny growth in the bottom of the left lung. Thickening and thickening of the middle of the right lung. There is more thickening in the bottoms of the lungs than before. Tiny spots in the lungs are probably due to small airways disease. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
There is a ladybug sized growth in the left lung. The heart is bigger than normal. Heart's blood vessels, aorta, and a valve in the heart are hardened.
A pea sized growth in the bottom of the right lung is bigger than before. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mild thickening of the airways. The airways in the bottoms of the lungs are thickened probably due to airway disease. There is some airway damage in the lower lobes. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. There are bulging blood vessels in the esophagus. The heart's blood vessel, the aorta's valve, and the heart's valves are hardened. A valve in the heart is hardened.
A pea sized spot in the middle of the right lung is probably a lymph node. Tiny growth in the bottom of the left lung.
Mucus blockage of the airways. The airways are thickened. Tiny growth in the top of the right lung is the same as before. New button sized hazy gray area in the tops of the left lung. Loss of height in bone of mid spine.
There is an area of fluid or inflammaiton in the top of the right lung. Tiny growths in the lungs. The gallbladder has been removed. Low blood count.
Tiny growth in the top of the right lung is no longer seen. Tiny growths and damage of the airways in the right lungs due to prior radiaiton treatment. Small amount of fluid around the right airways. The heart's blood vessels and valve are hardened.
Prior surgery of the top of the left lung as seen before. Thickening of the airways. Mild hardened of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There is a tiny growth in the airways of the right lung. There is a pea sized hazy gray area in the bottom of the left lung. Tiny growths in the lungs. There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs as seen before. Scarring at the top of both lungs.
Abnormally thickened airways. A fingernail sized growth in the bottom of the right lung is smaller than before. A ladybug sized growh in the bottoms of the left lung is the same as the last time. A pea-sized hazy gray growth near the right lower lung is a tiny growth. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
Tiny growths in the lungs are seen again. Spread of cancer to the mid spine looks the same as before. Prior surgery of the left breast.
A few tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. There are some tiny growth in the thyroid. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A tiny spot in the right lung looks the same as before and is most likely a lymph node. Prior surgery of the aorta's valve. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart as seen before. Surgery of the breastbone is healed. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There is scarring of the tops of both lungs. Damage of the airways of the top of the right lung. Thickening of the lungs. There is a small amount of fluid around the lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest. Fluid and substances in the esophagus may be due to acid reflux or it not moving right. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The heart is bigger than normal. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal, probably due to high blood pressures. Severe hardened of the aorta and blood vessels of the heart. Low blood count. The gallbladder has been removed. Age related changes in the spine.
A button sized spot in the bottom of the right lung looks like mucus blockage. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart. Old loss of height of the breastbone. Loss of height in the top of the spine.
Prior surgery of the left lung as seen the last time. There is a tiny amount of air in the lung that may be due to air not being able to leave the lungs. There are smoking related changes in the top of the right lung. Fluid collections in the chest look the same as before. Additionally, there are other large fluid collections around the ribs. These fluid collections look like infection. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal, probably due to high blood pressure in the lungs, A lymph node in the right chest is bigger than normal. There could be scarring in the tops of the heart. There may be a pouch in the abdomen. Abnormal pouches in the colon are seen.
Loss of air and an area of fluid or inflammaiton in the bottom of the left lung looks better than before. Hazy gray areas and growths in the top of the right lung look better than the last exam but there are still some that are hard to see. Fluid around the left lungs is no longer seen. The heart is enlarged as seen the last time. Enlarged breast tissue on the right looks the same as before. Age related changes in the mid spine look the same.
Small amount of air around the left lung. Small amount of fluid around both lungs. The heart is bigger than normal.
There is a spot in the top of the right lung. The spleen is bigger than normal.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the left lung.
A few tiny growths are seen in the lungs. Mild loss of air in the bottoms of both lungs. Spread of cancer to the liver. There is a hardened spot in the left lung. The spleen is bigger than normal.
There are hazy gray areas in the bottom of the right lung.
An area of fluid or inflammaiton in the bottom of the left lung is bigger than before. There is an area of inflammation in the top of the lungs. The heart is larger than normal.
Enlarged lymph nodes in the right lung look worse than before. Other lymph node in the chest have decreased in size and are smaller than normal. A lymph node near the windpipe looks the same as before. An enlarged lymphnode in the left armpit looks smaller than the last time. There is less fluid around the heart than normal as seen before.
A spot in the bottom of the right lung is most likely due to loss of air. A tiny growth in the middle of the left lung looks the same as before and is probably not cancerous. There are old rib fractures on the left as seen the last time.
There is loss of air in the bottom of the left lung due to the large part of the stomach bulging through the diaphragm. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Large portion of the gallbladder bulges through the small intestine. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A tiny growth in the top of the left lung looks the same as the last exam but other tiny growths in the lungs look the same.
Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There is a pencil eraser sized spot in the top of the left lung next to scarring. There is a tiny growth in the left upper lung. There are tiny growths in the bottom of the right lung.
A pea sized growth in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before. Other tiny growths in the lungs.
There is a new area of fluid or inflammaiton in the bottoms of the lungs. Scarring or loss of air in the bottom of the left lung. There is less fluid around the lungs than before. The esophagus has been removed. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A few tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
There is a pea sized growth in the top of the right lung that may be due to spread of cancer.
Growths in the lungs look worse than before. New areas of fluid or inflammaiton in the right lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. The esophagus is widened.
There is loss of air in the bottoms of the lungs. Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especialy in the tops. Thickening of the airways. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
There are some tiny growths in the thyroid. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
The aorta's valve is severly hardened. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
There are areas of fluid or inflammation in the bottoms of both lungs. Scarring and loss of air in the top of the right lung.
The aorta is hardened. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Pneumonia in the lung looks better than before. There is less air in the airways than the last exam but there is some air around the right lung where it shouldn't be.
Severe smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Mild thickening of the airways. Prior surgery of the right lung. The aorta is mildly hardened.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
A fingernail sized growth in the top of the right lung looks bigger than before. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mild smoke related changes of the lungs.
Tiny growths in the lungs. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
The blood vessels of the heart are hardened. There is more fluid around the heart than before. New lymph node in the left neck.
Prior surgery of the right lung as seen before. Patchy areas of fluid or inflammation with some damage of the airways. Growths in the thyroid look the same as before. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Fluid around the lungs with some loss of air in the lungs looks the same as before. Patchy pattern of the tops of the lungs is probably due to small airways disease. The top of the heart is bigger than normal.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung. Growths in the lungs look the same as before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mild smoking related changes of the lungs.
There is a button sized spot in the bottom of the right lung. Mild thickening and damage of the airways of the bottoms of the lungs. There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lung. The esophagus is thickened which may be due to acid reflux. Large portion of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm. The heart is bigger than normal. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened. The beginning of the aorta is wider than usual.
Tiny growths in the left lung look the same as before. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Thickening in both lungs is bigger than before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the lungs look bigger than normal. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
There is some loss of air in the bottom of the left lung. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the right lung. Hardened spots in the ribs and spine look the same as before and are most likely due to spread of cancer.
There are growths in both lungs. The growths look the same as before. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Damage, thickening, and mucus blockage of the airways. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Fatty growth in the top of the abdomen.
Fluid in the windpipe. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Small airways disease. Other tiny growths in the lung look the same as before. Mild hardened hardeneing of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
There are smoking related changes and scarring in the tops of the lungs. The airways are thickened. A small part of the stomach bulging through the diaphragm looks the same as before. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened.
There is damage of the airways and mucus blockage in the bottom of the left lung. There is a group of tiny spots in the lungs that may be due to airways disease. The heart's blood vessels, aorta's valve, and the gallbladder are hardened. Gallstones.
The tops of the heart are bigger than normal. The beginning of the aorta is wider than normal as seen before. The main blood vessels of the lung are wider than usual. The heart's blood vessels, aortas, and its valve are hardened. Hardening of the right chest. Age related changes in the right shoulder.
There are signs of inflammation of the airways in the top of the left lung. The heart is bigger than normal.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. A pencil eraser sized growth in the right chest looks the same a before.
There is an area of fluid or inflammaiton in the bottom of the right lung. There is a tiny growth in the top of the left lung. Loss of air in the middle of the lung. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm and the esophagus is thickened. The blood vessels of the heart, the aorta, and the heart's valves are hardened.
Mild thickening of the airways. Hazy gray areas in the lungs are no longer seen. There is more thickened and damaged airways in the left lung than before.
A ladybug sized growth in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as the last scan but with mucus blockage of the left lung as seen before. Other tiny growths in the lungs.
There are severe smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Other growths in the lung look the same as the last study. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. Severe hardened hardeneing of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. The aortas valve is hardened. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
A button sized growth in the top of the left lung is smaller than before. New tiny growths in the bottom of the right lung. New patchy and airway filled spots in the lungs. The heart is bigger than normal. The hearts blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Hardening of a left rib.
There is a patchy pattern of the lungs with thickening. Tiny growths in the lungs. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Mild thickening of the airways. New groups of tiny growths in the top of the right lung. New tiny growth in the middle of the left lung. The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
There is a tiny amount of air around the right lung where it shouldn't be. There is a lot of mucus in the windpipe. Mild thickening of the airways. Prior surgery of the aorta's valve. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal.
A few tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Enlarged lymph node in the chest looks the same. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels. The aorta's valve is wider than normal.
A large growth in the top of the left lung is smaller than before. A button sized growth is the same as the last exam but looks worse than the last. A fingernail sized growth near the left airways is bigger than normal. A finger nail sized growth at the tops of the lung looks smaller than the previous exam but the growth is still the same. A ladybug sized growth looks bigger than the left growth. The airways are thickened. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened.
Damage of the airways of the bottoms of the lungs. A group of tiny spots in the top of the right lung may be due to small airways disease. Scarring at the bottom of the lung. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
A pea-sized hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before.
Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are hazy gray areas in both lungs. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta's valve. The aortas valve is hardened.
Loss of air in the middle of the right lung looks the same as before and is most likely due to a growth. Small amount of fluid around the left lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest have increased in size and are bigger than before. Loss of height in a bone of the mid spine.
Mild thickening of the airways. Scarring of the tops of both lungs. New small amount of fluid aroun the right lung. Tiny growths in the lungs. The heart is bigger than normal. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal, probably due to high blood pressure in the heart. The aorta is hardened.
Hardened growths in the top of the right lung look the same as before. Lymph nodes in the chest and lungs are hardened. Large part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Scarring and loss of air in the bottom of the right lung looks the same. The esophagus is bulging through the diaphragm. A tiny growth in the right part of the thyroid looks smaller than before.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Tiny growths in the lungs. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The airways are thickened. Hazy gray areas in the bottom of the left lung may be due to infection.
There is a tiny growth in the bottom of the right lung. Enlarged lymph node in the right armpit. The gallbladder has been removed.
Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Enlarged lymph nodes in the left neck.
There are signs of inflammaiton of the airways in the top of the left lung and the right lung.
Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart with or without stents.
Tiny growths in the lungs. Mild smoking-related lung changes. There is a button sized growth in the left part of the thyroid.
There is a lot of mucus in the windpipe, airways, and airways of the left lung with areas of fluid or inflammaiton. There is some loss of air in the lower left lung.
There is a tiny amount of new fluid around the left lung. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm.
Prior surgery of the aorta. There is abnormal fluid and air in the airway of the right lung. The liver is enlarged. The gallbladder is bigger than normal. The pancreas is big.
There is loss of air in the bottoms of both lungs. Age related changes in the spine.
A button sized spot in the chest looks the same as before. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung as seen before. A quarter sized growth in the bottoms of the left lung is bigger than before. Another tiny growth near the suture line in the right lower lung is the same as before. Loss of air and a patchy pattern of the lung is probably due to a small airway disease. Mild smoke related changes in the lungs. Mild fluid in the windpipe. Enlarged lymph nodes near the right armpit. The aorta's valve is hardened.
There is a pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the right lung. There is a small amount of fluid around the left lung. Hardened lymph nodes in the right lungs are probably due to mucus blockage. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
There is loss of air in the bottoms of both lungs. Growths in the bottom of the right lung are bigger than before. Fluid around both lungs is seen. The esophagus is thickened as seen before. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm.
A few tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
There is a small amount of fluid around the left lung. An area of fluid or inflammaiton in the bottom of the right lung is probably due to loss of air. There are smoking related changes in the lungs. There is a tiny amount of blood around the heart.
A pea sized hardened growth in the right lung looks the same as before. A pea-sized hazy gray growths in the top of the left lung and the bottoms of the lungs look the same.
Growths in the thymus.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
A port in the left chest has been removed. Spots in the tops of the lungs and the bottoms of the left lung look the same as before. Thickened areas of air in the right lung are seen again. Abnormal mucus in the small esophagus.
There is a tiny amount of fluid around the lungs. There is an area of fluid or inflammation in the middle of the right lung.
A few tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Scarring and loss of air in the top of the right lung is seen again. Mild damage of the airways. Enlarged lymph node in the right thyroid as seen before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened as seen the last.
Widening of the top of the aorta looks the same as before.
New hazy gray areas in the top of the right lung are probably due to infection. There is a new small amount of fluid around the right airways. Enlarged lymph nodes in the right windpipe look the same as before. Small amount of blood around the heart.
Spots in the lungs are probably lymph nodes. There are growths in both lungs. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest and lungs.
There is loss of air in the bottoms of the lungs. Enlarged lymph nodes in the left armpit are bigger than before and are probably due to prior covid.
There is a hazy gray area of the lungs with patchy pattern that may be due to air loss. There is loss of air in the middle of the left lung. Fat around the left heart is probably due to a prior heart attack. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs are seen again. Scarring in the top of the left lung looks the same as before with some damage of the airways. Pencil eraser sized growths in the lungs. New hazy gray areas in both lungs with more spots in the right lung may be due to inflammation. There is a new tiny growth in the lower right lung. New loss of air and scarring at the bottoms of both lungs. The airways are thickened. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta.
Growths in both lungs look the same as before. Small amount of fluid around both lungs. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm.
Moderate smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Growths in the lung look the same as before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. The gallbladder has been removed. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Moderate smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Scarring or loss of air in the left lung. Severe hardened of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Loss of height in the bones of the mid spine.
There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
There is mild damage of the airways. There is loss of air in the bottom of the left lung. Fluid around the right lung is no longer seen. A large growth in the chest has decreased in size and is now the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are hardened. Hardening of a valve in the heart.
Areas of fluid or inflammaiton and loss of air in the top of the right lung are seen again and are due to prior radiaiton treatment. Spread of cancer to the rib cage looks the same as before.
The right part of the diaphragm is higher than normal with some loss of air in the bottom of the right lung. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Abnormal fluid in the windpipe and airways. This needs to be followed up. Fatty liver.
Hazy gray areas in the bottom of the left lung are no longer seen. There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Mild airway changes. Hazy gray area in the top of the right lung may be due to lung disease.
There are hazy gray growths in the top of the right lung. Part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung. Growths in both lungs look the same as before. The largest growth in the lung is bigger than before. Patchy pattern of the bottoms of both lungs is probably due to air not bein able to leave the lungs. A small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm.
A few tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Loss of air and scarring of the bottoms of both lungs is seen again. Enlarged lymph nodes in the left collar bone and the left armpit as seen the last time. The main blood vessel of the lung is bigger than normal, which may be due to high blood pressure in the heart. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve. There is enlargement of breast tissue on both sides.
Hazy gray areas and areas of fluid or inflammaiton in the bottom of both lungs are probably due to swallowing something into the lungs. Small amount of fluid around the left lung. Low blood count.
There is new fluid around both lungs with some loss of air. New hazy gray areas in the tops of the lungs with thickening may be due to infection or fluid in the lungs. Smoking related changes and thickening of the airways of the top of the lung as seen before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest.
A large growth in the top of the left lung looks better than before. Thickening and hazy gray areas in the tops of the lung look better than the last time. A growth in bottom of the right lung looks the same as before. Signs of airway blockage in the bottoms of the airways in the lower left lung look smaller than the previous exam. A spot in the lung looks smaller than in the last exam.
Smoking related changes and growths in the airways of the tops of the lungs may be due to inflammaiton.
The right part of the diaphragm is higher than normal as seen before. The valve of the aorta is mildly hardened. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Abnormal fluid in the windpipe with thickening of the airways. Mild smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. The esophagus is thickened. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened.
A tiny growth in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There is a lot of mucus in the windpipe and airways of the right lung. Small amount of fluid around the left lung, decreased from before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest. Prior surgery of the mid spine.
Mild smoking-related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The growth in the lung looks the same a the last time. Loss of air in the bottoms of the left lung is seen. A small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mucus blockage of the lungs. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
Damage of the airways in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before and may be due to prior infection. Thickening in the left lung is probably due to old fluid. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. A valve in the heart is bigger than normal. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Damage, thickening, and growths in the airways of the bottoms of the lungs are seen again. An area of fluid or inflammaiton in the right lung is smaller than before. New hazy gray areas in the tops of the lung. Mild mucus blockage of the windpipe. Growths in the lungs look the same as before. Part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm.
The thyroid is smaller than normal. Changes in the left armpit look better than before.
There is a new small amount of fluid around the right lung. There is less air around the left lung than before.
A pea sized growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. This needs to be studied more. Enlarged lymph node near the windpipe.
The right lung has less fluid than before. Growths in the right lung look smaller than the last time. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Cancer in the left breast. Spread of cancer to the bones looks the same as before.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Mild hardened growths in the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Scarring of the bottom of the right lung. Hardening of the aorta.
Scarring with hardening of the lungs is probably due to inflammation.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung as seen before. There is damage and blockage of the airways with mucus blockage. Hazy gray growths in the lungs. Other tiny growths and hazy gray areas in the lung look the same as before. A spot in the top of the left lung is bigger than before. Other small hazy areas of haziness and hardiness in the right lungs. Thickened ariways in the chest are seen again. The tops of the heart are bigger than normal. Mild hardening of the hearts valves.
Hazy gray areas in the top of the right lung are probably due to infection or inflammaiton. Loss of air in the bottoms of the lungs is seen. A pea sized spot in the left lung may be a lymph node.
There is severe airway damage, thickening, damage, and blockage of the airways with mucus blockage. These look worse than before. Patchy pattern of the bottom of the lungs is probably due to air not bein able to leave the lungs. There are some growths in the thyroid. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung as seen before. Hazy gray growths in the lungs look the same as the last scan but look worse than the last. Other tiny growths i nthe lung. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Stones are seen in the gallbladder. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Severe smoking related changes of the lungs. There is mild damage of the airways. Spots in the top of the right lung look better than before and are probably due to healing. New button sized spot in the tops of the left lung. Scarring in the right part of the lung. The esophagus is wider than normal. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened. The gallbladder has been removed.
Tiny growths in the airways. The blood vessels of the heart are mild. There is a pouch in the top of the aorta. Age related changes in the mid spine.
There is mild damage of the airways.
Moderate smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Growths in both lungs look the same as before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest with some loss of air in the bottom of the windpipe. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
A tiny growth in the middle of the right lung looks smaller than before. Hardening of a bone of the mid spine looks the same as before.
A few tiny growths are seen in the bottom of the right lung. There is loss of air and scarring of the top of the left lung.
There are some growths in the thyroid. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are new hazy gray areas in the bottoms of the lungs. Scarring of the tops of both lungs. New spot in the top of the right lung is probably due to scarring. This should be payed attention to on follow up. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Mild thickening of the airways.
Thickening in the tops of the lungs is due to prior surgery.
There is mild scarring of the tops of the lungs. Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The thyroid is bigger than normal. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The gallbladder has been removed.
There is loss of air in the bottom of the right lung. There are hazy gray areas in the tops of the lungs. A tiny growth in the bottoms of the left lung looks the same as before. The gallbladder has been removed. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A few hazy growths in the lungs. Growths in the thyroid look the same as before. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. The airways are thickened. Signs of airway inflammation in the airways. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and a valve in the heart are hardened. The gallbladder has been removed. Prior surgery of the left breast.
Scarring, scarring, and damage of the airways of the bottoms of both lungs with worsening loss of air, hazy gray areas, and new fluid in the lungs is due to infection. A tiny growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. The esophagus is thickened and there is a part that is bulging through the diaphragm.
There are smoking related changes in the lungs. Hazy gray areas in the right lung. There is fat in the liver.
There are growths in both lungs. Damage of the airways in the bottoms of both lungs as seen before.
There is a moderate amount of fluid around the right lung with some loss of air and scarring. There is thickening of the lungs. Enlarged lymph node in the chest is bigger than before. Other tiny lymph nodes in the lungs look bigger than normal. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
Air in the left lung is not where it should be. The heart is bigger than normal. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart as seen before. Old rib fractures on the right look the same as before.
Growths in the left lung look the same as the last scan but are smaller than before. Signs of inflammation in the airways. Gallstones. Spots in the spine, breastbone, and ribs are seen again. A spot in one of the right ribs looks the same.
Prior surgery of the top of the left lung as seen before. There is a new lymph node in the chest. Enlarged breast tissue.
Hardened spots in the right lung are seen again.
There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Mild thickening of the airways. Small hazy gray growths in the lungs look smaller than before. Mild fluid in the windpipe. Enlarged lymph nodes in the left neck have decreased in size. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Growths in the lungs look the same as before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest are smaller than before.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
A tiny growth in the top of the left lung looks the same as before. Loss of air in the bottoms of both lungs.
There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Scarring in the top of the heart.
Smoking-related lung changes. A tiny growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. New tiny growths in the top of the right lung. Fatty liver.
There are fractures of the left ribs. Mild hardening of the bones.
Tiny growths in the bottom of the right lung.
There is a tiny hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung.
Smoking related changes in the lungs are seen again. Tiny growth in the top of the left lung is the same as before.
Hazy gray areas and areas of fluid or inflammaiton in the bottom of both lungs are probably due to covid. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The aorta is mildly hardened. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Small amounts of fluid around both lungs with some loss of air on the right. The thyroid is bigger than normal as seen the last time. There are old loss of height in the spine and ribs.
Spread of cancer to the right lung looks worse than before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look smaller than normal.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mild smoking related changes of the lungs. Enlarged lymph nodes in the right armpit are smaller than before.
A ladybug sized hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as the last scan but looks worse than the last. A tiny growth at the bottoms of the left lung looks smaller than normal as seen before.
There is a ladybug sized growth in the top of the left lung. Other growths in the lungs look the same as before. Thickened ariways in the bottom of the right lung. The thyroid is bigger than normal. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Spread of cancer to the bones.
A few small growths in the lungs. Spot in a right rib looks the same as before.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened.
A few tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Patchy hazy gray areas in the top of the lungs look the same as before. There are some tiny growths in the thyroid. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
A pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the right lung is larger than before. A tiny growth at the top of the left lung is bigger than the last time. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. The esophagus is wider than normal. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and a valve in the heart. Loss of height in a bone of the mid spine.
Growths in the bottom of the right lung look the same as before. Scarring or loss of air in the left lung. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Growths in both lungs look smaller than before.
Moderate smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Growths in the lung look the same as before. There is fluid around the bones of the upper and mid spine. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
There are bulging blood vessels around the esophagus. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
A growth in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before. The aorta and its valve are hardened.
The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There is a growth in the top of the right lung that is bigger than before. A pencil eraser sized growth is larger than the last time. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The esophagus is thickened and widened which may be due to acid reflux. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
Spread of cancer to the rib cage looks the same as before.
There is a large amount of fluid around both lungs with fluid filled sacs in the lungs. Enlarged lymph nodes near the windpipe. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Fluid around the left lung is no longer seen. There is loss of air in the right lung.
Prior surgery of the top of the left lung as seen before. Growths in the lungs look the same as before. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Spots and damage of the airways of the top of the right lung look the same as before and may be due to inflammaiton. New growths in the right and left lungs. A ladybug sized growth in the left lung is bigger than before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Hazy gray areas in the bottom of the lungs are most likely due to loss of air. Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Enlarged lymph node in the chest. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
There is a hazy gray area in the lungs which may be due to air not being able to leave the lungs. New hazy areas in the top of the right lung are probably due to inflammation. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Thickening of the bottoms of both lungs with some loss of air in the airways looks the same as the last scan but may be due to high blood pressure in the lungs.
Abnormal fluid in the airways and thickened airways. Severe smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Prior surgery of the esophagus. Fluid around both lungs is no longer seen. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels are hardened.
A pencil eraser sized growth in the middle of the left lung and tiny growths in the top of the right lung look the same as the last scan but the left is smaller than normal.
Scarring of the lungs, thickening, and damage of the airways look the same as before. Air is not able to leave the lungs. Prior surgery of the bottom of the left lung. The esophagus is thickened which may be due to acid reflux. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
A few growths in the lungs look the same as before. Loss of air in the bottom of the right lung is seen again.
There is less blood clots in the lungs than before.
There is less air around the top of the right lung with new air at the right base. Abnormal air in the chest is the same as before.
The thyroid is smaller than normal. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Signs of inflammaiton of the airways in the right lung with new hazy gray area in the bottom of the lungs is seen again and is most likely due to inflammation. Loss of air in part of the left lung is seen once again. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened.
Abnormal fluid in the windpipe and airways. The airways are thickened probably due to airway disease. Mucus blockage in the bottom of the lungs. There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lung. Hazy gray areas in the left lung look the same as before. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The aorta and its valve are hardened. Gallstones. The spine is curved.
Hazy gray growths in both lungs look the same as before. The airways are thickened. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
There is an airway in the right lung. The bottom of the left lung is collapsed.
A few tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Scarring of the airways and thickening of the lung is due to scarring. Other hazy gray areas in the lungs look the same as before. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The thymus is bigger than normal. The main blood vessel going to the lungs is wider than usual. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
There are smoking-related lung changes and airway damage. Spots in both lungs look the same as before. Hazy gray areas in the bottom of the right lung may be due to inflammaiton.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung. There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. There is more thickening of the lung which may be due to smoking related lung disease. There has been prior treatment of the left breast with radiation. Fatty growth in the top of the heart. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
Fluid in the lungs and hazy gray areas in the bottoms of both lungs may be due to fluid or inflammation. Enlarged lymph nodes in the right lung are bigger than before. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Hardened of the top of the right heart. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung as seen before. There is less fluid around the left lung than there is now. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels. Abnormal pouches in the colon are seen.
Abnormal fluid in the windpipe and thickening of the airways. Smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. The airways in the bottom of the lung are thickened.
There is scarring of the tops of both lungs.
A button sized hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Other hazy growths in the lungs. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. The gallbladder has been removed. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung and the middle of the left lung. Loss of air in the airways of the lung is seen again. Part of the liver is bulging through the diaphragm. Abnormal mucus in the windpipe. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened.
The airways are thickened. Damage of the airways of the bottoms of the lungs may be due to infection. Scarring of the top of the right lung. Hardened lymph nodes in the lungs and chest. The esophagus is thickened, probably due to acid reflux. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The heart is bigger than normal. Loss of height of bones of mid spine.
There is a group of tiny spots in the bottom of the right lung that may be due to airways disease. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
There is more fluid around the right lung than before. Damage and scarring of the airways is seen again and is probably due to prior covid. Widening of the top of the aorta looks the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart are mild. The spleen has been removed. The spine is abnormally curved.
Spread of cancer to the lungs. Growths in the lungs look the same as before. The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
Smoking related changes and growths in the tops of the lungs are seen again, likely due to inflammaiton of the airways. A pencil eraser sized growth in the top of the left lung looks the same as before. Loss of air, thickening, and hardened spots in the lung are seen once again.
A ladybug sized growth in the bottom of the right lung is no longer seen. Other growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung as seen before. A patchy pattern of the lungs could have many causes. Fatty growth in the tops of the heart. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal. The heart's blood vessels, the aorta's valve, and the heart's valves are hardened. Fat in the liver.
Hazy gray areas in the bottoms of both lungs with signs of inflammaiton of the airways.
There is a tiny amount of fluid around the right lung as seen before. Hazy gray area in the top of the left lung is no longer seen. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest. The thyroid is bigger than normal. A bruise in the back is gone and there has been prior surgery of the heart. The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
There is thickening of the airways. Scarring of the middle of the right lung. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened. Spread of cancer to the bones.
Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and valves. Age related changes in the mid spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs. Mild damage of the airways in the bottom of the left lung. Hardening of the aorta and blood vessels of the heart.
