This review of 38 studies involving 7843 children found that asthma education aimed at children and their carers who present to the emergency department for acute exacerbations can result in a lower risk of future emergency department presentation and hospital admission. There remains uncertainty as to the long-term effect of education on other markers of asthma morbidity such as quality of life, symptoms and lung function. It remains unclear as to what type, duration and intensity of educational packages are the most effective in reducing acute care utilisation.
We included 130 studies with 8341 participants in this review. Most studies had fewer than 50 participants per treatment arm, which meant that we could not combine results for most analyses. We did not stratify the main analysis by type of surgery or any other factor, such as dose or timing of ketamine administration, and used a non-stratified analysis. We found that intravenous ketamine reduced pain at rest by 5/100 mm on a visual analogue scale (high-quality evidence), pain during movement by 14% on a scale of pain at 24 hours, and pain at 48 hours by 16% on an analogue scale. Ketamine reduced postoperative nausea and vomiting from 27% with placebo to 23% with ketamine. The number needed to treat to prevent one episode of nausea or vomiting was reduced from 37 to 24 participants. The time taken for the first postoperative analgesic request to be made was reduced by 54 minutes (moderate quality evidence), and the area of postoperative hyperalgesia by 7 cm² (very low quality evidence). We downgraded the quality of the evidence because of small-study effects or because the number of participants was below 400. Overall, 187/3614 (5%) participants receiving ketamine and 122/2924 (4%) receiving control treatment experienced an adverse event. The quality of evidence was high for pain reduction at rest, pain at movement, operation type, and timing of administration, or sensitivity to study size and pain intensity. No analysis by dose was possible. There was no difference when nitrous oxide was used. Risk of bias was generally low or uncertain, except for study size.
The review of trials found that the MSP/RESA (Combination B) vaccine shows promise as a way to reduce the severity of malaria episodes, but the effect of the vaccine is MSP2 variant-specific. No severe or systemic adverse effects were reported at doses of 13 to 15 µg of each antigen (39 to 45 µg total). One small efficacy trial with 17 non-immune participants with blood-stage parasites showed no reduction or delay in parasite growth rates after artificial challenge. In the second efficacy trial in 120 children aged five to nine years in Papua New Guinea, episodes of clinical malaria were not reduced, but MSP orRESA significantly reduced parasite density only in children who had not been pretreated with an antimalarial drug (sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine). Infections with the 3D7 parasite subtype (the variant included in the vaccine) were reduced (RR 0.38, 95% CI 0.26 to 0.57; 719 participants) while those with the other main subtype, FC27, were not (720 participants).
This review of four randomised controlled trials, involving 125 participants, suggests that electromagnetic field stimulation may offer some benefit in the treatment of delayed union and non-union of long bone fractures, but the available evidence is inconclusive and insufficient to inform current practice. More definitive conclusions on treatment effect await further well-conducted randomised trials.
This review included 12 randomised clinical trials with a total of 1831 participants. Nine trials included patients undergoing elective laparoscopic cholecystectomy exclusively. One trial included patients having laparoscopically-performed laparopaedic treatment for acute cholecochlecysts. The average age of participants in the trials ranged between 48 years and 63 years in the 10 trials that provided this information. The proportion of females ranged between 55.0% and 79.0%. There was no significant difference between the drain group (1/840) and the 'no drain' group (2/841) in short-term mortality in the ten trials with 1681 participants reporting on this outcome. There were no significant differences in the percentage of patients who died in the short term or in the number of serious adverse events in each group reported by eight trials with 1286 participants. There was a significant difference in the length of hospital stay between the two groups (five trials; 449 participants). The operating time was significantly longer in the 'drain' group than in the no drain group in seven trials with 775 participants. The quality of life of the participants was not significantly different between the groups. The return to normal activity and return to work did not differ between the participants in one trial involving 100 participants. This trial did not provide any information from which the standard deviation could be imputed and so the confidence intervals could not be calculated for these outcomes. There is currently no evidence to support the routine use of drain after the operation. Further well designed randomised trials are necessary.
Forty-nine randomised trials involving 3639 participants were included in this review. Thirty-eight different herbal medicines were tested in these trials, including four single herbs (extracts from a single herb), eight traditional Chinese patent medicines, and 26 self concocted Chinese herbal compound prescriptions. All trials were conducted and published in China. The trials reported on global symptom improvement (including improvement in numbness or pain) and changes in nerve conduction velocity. There was inadequate reporting on adverse events in the included trials. Eighteen trials found no adverse events. Two trials reported adverse events: adverse events occurred in the control group in one trial, and in the other it was unclear in which group the side effects occurred. 29 trials did not mention whether they monitored side effects. Conclusions cannot be drawn from this review about the safety of herbal medicines, due to inadequate reporting. Most of the trials were of very low methodological quality and therefore the interpretation of any positive findings for the efficacy of the included Chinese herbal medicines for treating diabetic peripheral neuropathy should be made with caution.
This review included five randomized controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) involving 1382 patients. All the included studies involved advanced (T3 or T4) prostate cancer, had relatively small populations, and were of short duration. Few events were reported and did not assess disease-specific survival or metastatic disease. Only one study (N = 77) evaluated biochemical outcomes. A subgroup analysis found no significant differences in biochemical progression (defined by the authors as PSA ≥ 10 ng/mL) between IAS and CAS for Gleason scores 4 - 6, 7, and 8 - 10. For patients with a Gleason score greater than 6, the IAS group had a lower risk of biochemical progression than the CAS group. Studies primarily reported on adverse events. One trial (43 patients) found no difference in adverse effects (gastrointestinal, gynecomastia and asthenia) between the two treatment groups, with the exception of impotence, which was significantly lower in the latter group. Overall, IAS was also as effective as CAS for potency, but was superior during the interval of cycles (96%).
We identified 12 trials most of which are of moderate risk of bias involving 7,119 participants which described random assignment. Five trials randomised to either immediate or delayed insertion of an intrauterine device (IUD) compared to delayed insertion. One trial randomised women to the levonorgestrel IUD or Nova T showed discontinuation rates due to pregnancy were higher for women in the Nova T group. Seven trials examined immediate insertion of IUD only. The quality of evidence was moderate. Intrauterine IUD use and expulsion rates appear higher immediately after abortions. However, at six months postabortion, IUD users use is higher following immediate insertion than after delayed insertion, and pregnancy is less likely. In other trials, adding copper sleeves to the Lippes Loop improved efficacy and reduced expulsion rates. Moderate quality evidence shows that insertion of a IUD immediately after abortion is safe and practical.
We found only one small trial published as an abstract article. The included study investigated the effects of meditation practice on patients newly hospitalised with acute leukaemia. Ninety-one participants enrolled in the study, but only 42 participants remained in the trial throughout the six-month follow-up period and were eligible for analysis. There was no information provided about the average age and sex of the study population. As the abstract publication did not provide numbers and results except P values, we are not able to give more details. We found a high risk for attrition bias and unclear risk for reporting bias, performance and detection bias because of missing data due to abstract publication only, thus we judged the overall risk of bias as high. According to the GRADE criteria, we assessed the overall quality of the evidence for all predefined outcomes as very low, due to the extent of the missing data on the participants, and the small sample size. There is not enough information available to draw any conclusion. Meditation practice might be beneficial for the quality of life of haematological malignancies, with higher scores for participants in the mediation arms compared to the usual care control group. Levels of depression decreased for those practising meditation in both the spiritually-framed meditation group and the secularly-focused meditation group, whose levels of depression remained constant (low quality of evidence). The influence on overall survival, fatigue, anxiety, quality of sleep and adverse events remained unclear, as these outcomes were not evaluated in the included trial. More high quality randomised controlled trials are needed.
We identified three trials involving 110 healthy children who were siblings of household contacts. The included trials varied in study quality, vaccine used, length of follow-up and outcomes measured and, as such, were not suitable for meta-analysis. We identified high or unclear risk of bias in two of the three included studies. Overall, 13 out of 56 vaccine recipients (23%) developed varicella compared with 42 out of 54 placebo (or no vaccine) recipients (78%). Of the vaccine recipients, the majority only had mild disease (with fewer than 50 skin lesions). In the three trials, most participants received PEP within three days following exposure; too few participants were vaccinated four to five days post-exposure to ascertain the efficacy of vaccine given more than three days after exposure. No included trial reported on adverse events following immunisation. We found no randomised controlled trials for adolescents or adults.
We included 12 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with 4704 participants in this review. Eleven trials performed a total of 16 head-to-head comparisons of different antibiotic regimens. There was no sufficient clinical similarity between the trials to perform a meta-analysis. All the trials were at high risk of bias. With the exception of one trial in which all the participants were positive for MRSA or had had previous MRSA infections, it does not appear that MRSA was tested or eradicated prior to surgery; nor does it appear that there was high prevalence of MRSA carrier status in the people undergoing surgery. The overall all-cause mortality in four trials that reported mortality was 14/1401 (1.0%) and there were no significant differences in mortality between the intervention and control groups in each of the individual comparisons. None of the trials reported quality of life, total length of hospital stay or the use of healthcare resources. Overall, 221/4032 (5.5%) people developed SSIs due to all organisms, and 46/4704 people developed MRSA due to MRSA. In the 15 comparisons that compared one antibiotic regimen with another, there was no significant difference in the proportion of people who developed SSI. In one trial that compared an antibiotic prophylaxis with co-amoxiclav (or cefotaxime if allergic to penicillin) compared with placebo, the percentage of people developing SSIs was significantly lower in the group that received antibiotic pro-preventive antibiotics (or a combination of co-amycinolone and penicillins) compared to placebo. There were no antibiotic-related serious adverse events in any of the 561 people randomised to the seven different antibiotics (three trials reported deaths and one other trial). None of these trials reported any other relevant outcomes. There is currently no other evidence to suggest that using a combination or
We included two small randomised controlled trials (116 women) comparing planned home care versus hospital management for PPROM. The number of included women in each trial was too small to allow adequate assessment of pre-specified outcomes. Investigators used strict inclusion criteria and in both studies relatively few of the women presenting with pre-natal polypuraemia were eligible for inclusion. Women were monitored for 48 to 72 hours before randomisation. Perinatal mortality was reported in one trial and there was insufficient evidence to determine whether it differed between the two groups (risk ratio (RR) 1.93, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.19 to 20.05). There was no evidence of differences between groups for serious neonatal morbidity, chorioamnionitis, gestational age at delivery, birthweight and admission to neonatal intensive care. There was some evidence that women managed in hospital were more likely to be delivered by caesarean section. However, results should be interpreted cautiously as there is moderate heterogeneity for this outcome (I² = 35%). Mothers randomised to care at home spent approximately 10 fewer days as inpatients and were more satisfied with their care. Furthermore, home care was associated with reduced costs. The review included two relatively small studies that did not have sufficient statistical power to detect meaningful differences between the groups.
The two methods of skin closure for caesarean section that have been most often compared are non-absorbable staples and absorbable subcutaneous sutures. Staples are associated with similar outcomes in terms of wound infection, pain and cosmesis compared with suture, and these two are the most commonly studied methods for skin closure. However, it is important to note that staples may have a differential effect depending on the type of skin incision, i.e., Pfannenstiel or vertical. If staples are removed on day three, there is an increased incidence of skin separation and the need for reclosure.
We identified 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 821 participants. Seven trials examined a green tea intervention and four examined a black tea intervention. Dosage and form of both green and black tea differed between trials. The ongoing trial is examining the effects of green tea powder capsules. There are very few long-term studies to date examining green or black tea for the primary prevention of CVD. The limited evidence suggests that tea has favourable effects on CVD risk factors, but due to the small number of trials contributing to each analysis the results should be treated with some caution and further high quality trials with longer-term follow-up are needed to confirm this.
The purpose of this review was to assess the effectiveness and safety of azathioprine in the treatment of chronic asthma. Two small randomised controlled trials recruiting 23 participants met the inclusion criteria for the review. Due to concerns over the small sample sizes and methodological shortcomings in terms of inadequate washout in one study, and methods used in outcome assessment for both studies, the findings of the studies are not generalisable to the issue of steroid tapering. No data on oral steroid consumption were reported. No significant differences were observed in the studies for FEV1, FVC, PaO2 and symptoms. One study reported a statistically significant difference in SGaw, but the clinical importance of this is uncertain.
We identified 56 studies (4068 participants) for inclusion in this review, 28 of which were carried out in participants with breast cancer (28 studies) and the other 28 in people with other types of cancer. A meta-analysis of all fatigue data, incorporating 38 comparisons, provided data for 1461 participants who received an exercise intervention and 1187 participants who did not. At the end of the intervention period exercise was seen to be more effective than the control intervention. Benefits of exercise on fatigue were observed for interventions delivered during or post-adjuvant cancer therapy. In relation to diagnosis, we identified benefits for breast and prostate cancer but not for those with haematological malignancies. Finally, aerobic exercise significantly reduced fatigue but resistance training and alternative forms of exercise failed to reach significance. The findings of the updated review have enabled a more precise conclusion to be made in that aerobic exercise can be regarded as beneficial for individuals with cancer-related fatigue during and post-cancer therapy, specifically those with solid tumours. Further research is required to determine the optimal type, intensity and timing of exercise intervention.
We searched scientific databases for randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are allocated at random to one or more treatment groups using a random method) of adults with HL aged 16 to 65 years of age. We included five trials with 3427 people in the meta-analysis. The trials were conducted in Germany, Italy, Belgium and the EORTC 20012 in Belgium. The overall risk of bias was low for overall survival (OS), but was high for other outcomes, as therapy blinding was not feasible. All trials reported results for OS and progression-free survival (PFS). In contrast to our first published review (2011), this updated review includes results from a new trial, which was conducted in Belgium, and shows that patients with advanced HL treated with escalated BEACOPP are more likely to survive for longer. This survival advantage is also reflected in an increased PFS after five years, meaning that only 90 patients (70 to 117) will die in the escalated arm compared to 120 in the ABVD arm. However, the observation time of the studies included in the review is too short to be expected to demonstrate differences with respect to second solid tumours, which would not be expected until around 15 years after treatment. We are very uncertain how many female patients will be infertile due to chemotherapy and which arm might be favoured (very low-quality evidence). This is a very small sample, and the age of the patients was not detailed. No analysis of male fertility was provided. Five trials reported adverse events and the analysis shows that the escalated beacopP regimens probably causes more haematological toxicities WHO grade III or IV ((anaemia: 2425 participants, RR 10.67 (95% CI 7.14 to 15.93); neutropenia: 519 participants; thrombocytopenia (a blood clot in the blood); infections: 24 25 participants; and infertility: 1825 participants)). Only one trial
We searched scientific databases for clinical trials that compared a medical intervention with care as usual in patients with cancer. We included studies that compared different types of medical interventions with each other or with no medical intervention. The evidence is current to September 2015. We found 15 studies including 1835 cancer patients. We judged six studies to have a high risk of bias and nine to have low risk of biased results. All included studies were conducted in high income countries and most studies were aimed at breast cancer patients (seven studies) or prostate cancer patients or both (two studies). Two studies involved psycho-educational interventions including patient education and teaching self-care behaviours. Results indicated low quality evidence of similar RTW rates for psycho-education compared to care as a usual and low quality of evidence that there is no difference in the effect of psycho-educational interventions compared to control on quality of life. We did not find any studies on vocational interventions. In one study breast cancer survivors were offered a physical training programme. Low quality evidence suggested that physical training was not more effective than care in improving RTW. Seven studies assessed the effects of a medical treatment on RTW and found that less radical or functioning conserving medical intervention was compared with a more radical treatment. In all studies a less radical (less radical) conserving approach was compared to more radical (more radical) treatment. Results showed no differences in RTW between the two approaches. Five studies involved multidisciplinary interventions in which vocational counselling, patient education, patient counselling, biofeedback-assisted behavioral training and/or physical exercises were combined. Moderate quality evidence showed higher RTW in patients receiving these interventions than in the control group. We also found no differences between the groups in quality of the life outcomes. We concluded that interventions involving physical, psychoeducational, vocational, and/ or vocational components led to higher rates of RTW compared to the control groups. However, we found no difference between the intervention groups in improving quality of
We included four trials involving more than 13,000 women which were conducted in the UK and Ireland and included women in labour. Three trials were funded by the hospitals where the trials took place and one trial was funded by a Scottish government agency. No declarations of interest were made in two trials; the remaining two trials did not mention declarations. Overall, the studies were assessed as low risk of bias. Evidence quality ranged from moderate to very low, with downgrading decisions based on imprecision, inconsistency and a lack of blinding for participants and personnel. There was no clear difference in the average treatment effect across included trials between women allocated to CTG and women given intermittent auscultation in instrumental vaginal birth and perinatal mortality rate. There were no differences between groups in other secondary outcome measures including incidence and severity of hypoxic ischaemic encephalopathy (incidence only reported) and incidence of seizures in the neonatal period (1 trial; low quality evidence). We found no data reported for severe neurodevelopmental disability assessed at greater than, or equal to, 12 months of age. The findings of this review support recommendations that the admission CTG not be used for women who are low risk on admission in labour, without evidence of benefit. Women should be informed that the use of CTG is likely associated with an increase in the caesarean section rate by approximately 20%. The data lacked power to detect possible important differences in the number of babies who died. However, it is unlikely that any trial, or meta-analysis, will be adequately powered to detect such differences. Future studies evaluating the effects of the CTG should consider including women admitted with signs of labour and before a formal diagnosis of labour. This would include a cohort of women currently having admission CTGs and not included in current trials. One additional study is ongoing.
We included 32 studies in this review. Seventeen studies randomised women (total 3666), three randomised cycles (total 1018) and twelve randomised oocytes (over 15,230). It was not possible to pool any of the data because each study compared different culture media. Only seven studies reported live birth or ongoing pregnancy. Four of these studies found no evidence of a difference between the media compared, for either day three or day five embryo transfer. The data from the fifth study did not appear reliable. Six studies reported clinical pregnancy rate. One study suggested that for cle-stage embryo transfer, Quinn's Advantage was associated with higher clinical pregnancy rates than G5. This study was available only as an abstract and the quality of the evidence was low. With regards to adverse effects, three studies reported multiple pregnancies and six studies reported miscarriage. None of them found any evidence of any difference in adverse effects between the culture media used. Most studies (22/32) failed to report their source of funding and none described their methodology in adequate detail. The overall quality of evidence was rated as very low for nearly all comparisons, the main limitations being imprecision and poor reporting of study methods.
The review authors searched for randomised controlled trials of methods of communicating a diagnosis of breast cancer to women. However, they were not able to find any randomised trials of communication methods which met the inclusion criteria. The review authors have considered the possible reasons for the lack of research studies in this area and have considered that it is perhaps unethical to randomise women at such a vulnerable time such as waiting for a diagnosis. The design of ethically sensitive research to examine this topic needs to be explored to inform future practice. As some papers reviewed by the authors related to the first consultation visit, where treatment options are discussed, perhaps a review which focused on the methods of communication at the first visit would provide more reliable evidence for the effectiveness of communication and overcome the ethical dilemmas previously mentioned.
We included 17 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 1006 participants in this review. The evidence is current to September 2014. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, Sweden, Switzerland, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom and the United States of America. The interventions included a cognitive-behavioural framework (CBT) intervention, which involved a group of people being taught to change their thoughts and behaviours in a group setting. The intervention was compared with a control group that received no treatment. The results showed that CBT reduced the frequency of chest pain in the first three months following the intervention. This was maintained from three to nine months afterwards. There was also a significant increase in the number of days without chest pain up to three months after the intervention, but there was no evidence of effect of CBT on the severity of the chest pain. However, there was high risk of bias in the way the studies were carried out. In addition, in three studies the blinding of participants was expressly forbidden by the local ethics committee because of issues in obtaining fully informed consent. For this reason, all studies were thought to have a high chance of bias. In general, the quality of the studies was generally high for the other domains of interest. The wide variability in secondary outcome measures made it difficult to interpret the findings from studies. This Cochrane review suggests a modest to moderate benefit for psychological interventions, particularly those using a CBT framework, which was largely restricted to the first few months of the intervention and was associated with a reduction in chest pain frequency up to one year after the end of the study. However these conclusions are limited by high heterogeneity in many of the results and low numbers of participants in individual studies. Further RCTs of psychological interventions for NSCP with follow-up periods of at least 12 months
We identified 30 trials with a total of 4344 participants randomised, with 17 different drugs or treatment comparisons. The following antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers were evaluated in at least one randomised controlled trial: nedocromil sodium or sodium cromoglycate, olopatadine, ketotifen, azelastine, emedastine (or levocabastine), mequitazine, bepotastine besilate, combination of antazoline and tetryzoline, and pemirolast potassium. The trials evaluated only short-term effects, with a range of treatment of one to eight weeks. The quality of the studies and reporting was variable, but overall the risk of bias was low. Meta-analysis was only possible in one comparison (olopatadiine compared to placebo). There was some evidence to support that topical antihistamine and mast cells stabilisers reduce symptoms and signs of seasonal allergic conjunctivitis when compared with placebo in the short term. However, there is no long-term data on their efficacy. There were no reported serious adverse events related to the use of topical anti-histamines or mast cells as part of treatment.
The aim of this review was to assess the effectiveness of community-based interventions aimed at preventing tobacco use amongst Indigenous youth. The evidence is current to September 2014. We found two studies that met the inclusion criteria for the review and a third is still ongoing. The two included studies were based in the USA and involved 1505 participants in total. One study compared a skills-community group versus a control group and found no difference in weekly smoking at 42 months follow-up. The other study compared the skills-only group versus the control group at 42 weeks. No difference was found between the two groups in weekly use of smokeless tobacco. The second study found positive changes for tobacco use in the intervention arm at post test but this was not maintained at six month follow up. Both studies were rated as high or unclear risk of bias in seven or more domains (out of a total of 10). Based on the available evidence, a conclusion cannot be drawn as to the efficacy of tobacco prevention initiatives tailored for Indigenous youth in this population. This review highlights the paucity of data and the need for more research in this area. Smoking prevalence in Indigenous youth is twice that of the non-Indigenous population, with tobacco experimentation commencing at an early age. As such, a significant health disparity exists where Indigenous populations, a minority, are over-represented in the burden of smoking-related morbidity and mortality.
We found one randomised controlled trial involving 72 women with sickle cell anaemia (HbSS). The trial was at unclear risk of bias. The trial reported no maternal deaths occurring in women who received either prophylactic or selective blood transfusion. There were no clear differences in maternal mortality, perinatal mortality or markers of severe maternal morbidity (pulmonary embolism (no events), congestive cardiac failure (very low-quality evidence), acute chest syndrome (very poor quality evidence) and haemolytic crises (low quality evidence). The available data and quality of evidence on this subject are insufficient to advocate for a change in existing clinical practice and policy. Currently, there is no evidence from randomised or quasi-randomised trials to provide reliable advice on the optimal blood transfusions policy for women with HbSC and HbSβThal.
We found 67 randomised clinical trials involving a total of 6197 participants. A total of 5771 participants from 64 trials provided data for one or more outcomes included in this review. All the trials were at high risk of bias. There was no evidence of differences in most of the comparisons, and where there was, these differences were in single trials, mostly of small sample size. Of the primary outcomes, the only one with evidence of a difference from more than one trial under the pair-wise comparison was in the number of adverse events (complications), which was higher with radiofrequency dissecting sealer than with the clamp-crush method. The proportion of people requiring a blood transfusion was higher in the low central venous pressure group than in the acute normovolemic haemodilution group. Blood transfusion quantity (red blood cells) was lower with fibrin sealant than control, and the total hospital stay, blood loss, and operating time were lower with low central vein pressure than with control. None of the trials reported health-related quality of life or time needed to return to work. There is no evidence to suggest that using special equipment for liver resection is of any benefit in decreasing the mortality, morbidity, or blood transfusions requirements (very low-quality evidence). The evidence for each comparison was either based on single small trials or there was no difference between the comparisons. When direct and indirect comparisons were available, network meta-analysis provided additional effect estimates for comparisons where there were no direct comparisons. However, the paucity of data decreases the confidence in the results of the network Meta-analysis.
Twenty-three trials involving 724 people were included in this review. There is evidence supporting the use of systemic retinoids (improvement rate difference 44%, 95 CI 28 to 59%), oral PUVA (44% improvement rate difference) and PUVA combined with other treatments. However, a combination of PUVA and retinoid is better than the individual treatments. The use of topical steroid under hydrocolloid occlusion is beneficial. It would also appear that low dose ciclosporin, tetracycline antibiotics and Grenz Ray Therapy may be useful in treating PPP. Colchicine has a lot of side effects and it is unclear if it is effective and neither was topical PUVA. There was no evidence to suggest that short-term treatment with hydroxycarbamide (hydroxyurea) is effective. Many different interventions were reported to produce "improvement" in PPP, but there is, however, no standardised method for assessing response to treatment, and reductions in pustule counts or other empirical semi-quantitative scoring systems may be of little relevance to the patient. This review has shown that the ideal treatment for PPP remains elusive and that the standards of study design and reporting need to be improved to inform patients and those treating them of the relative merits of the many treatments available to them.
We found nine trials that evaluated the blood pressure-lowering effect of five drugs within the loop diuretic class (furosemide 40 mg to 60 mg, cicletanine 100 mg to 150 mg, piretanide 3 mg to 6 mg, indacrinone enantiomer -2.5 mg to -10.0/+80 mg, and etozolin 200 mg) in 460 people with baseline blood pressure of 162/103 mmHg for a mean duration of 8.8 weeks. We found no additional trials meeting the minimum inclusion criteria. Based on the limited number of published trials, we found that the systolic/diastolic blood pressure lowering effect of these drugs is likely an overestimate. Withdrawals due to adverse effects and serum biochemical changes did not show a significant difference. We graded the quality of the evidence for both systols and diastolic (blood pressure lowering) blood pressure estimates as "low" due to the high risk of bias of included studies and the high likelihood of publication bias. The review did not provide a good estimate of the incidence of harms associated with these drugs because of the short duration of the trials and the lack of reporting of adverse effects.
We included 58 trials, of which 48 trials with 2849 participants randomised to intraperitoneal local anaesthetic instillation (1558 participants) versus control (1291 participants) contributed data to one or more of the outcomes. All the trials except one trial with 30 participants were at high risk of bias. Most trials included only low anaesthetic risk people undergoing planned laparoscopic cholecystectomy. There was no mortality in either group in the eight trials that reported deaths. One participant experienced the outcome of serious illness (eight trials; 446 participants; 1/236 (0.4%) in the control group versus 0/210 (0% in the intervention group; very low quality evidence). Although the remaining trials did not report the overall morbidity, three trials (190 participants) reported no intra-operative complications. Twenty trials reported that there were no serious adverse events in any of the 715 participants who received local anaesthesia instillation. None of the trials reported participant quality of life, return to normal activity, or return to work. The effect of local anaesthetics on the proportion of participants discharged as day surgery between the two groups was imprecise and compatible with benefit and no difference of intervention (three trials; 242 participants; 89/160 (adjusted proportion 61.0%) in participants receiving local anaetic drugs compared with 40/82 (48.8%) in control group; RR 1.25; 95% CI 0.99 to 1.58). The length of hospital stay was 0.04 days. The pain scores as measured by the visual analogue scale (VAS) were significantly lower in the local anaistic instillation group than the control groups at four to eight hours and at nine to 24 hours. The quality of the evidence was very low. The evidence is up to date as of May 2015.
We identified 74 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly assigned to a treatment group) that compared different types of RDTs with each other or with other antigens. We grouped the studies according to the type of antigen (type 1 to 3) of the antigen. We found that the sensitivity and specificity of all three types of tests is such that they can replace or extend the access of diagnostic services for uncomplicated P. falciparum malaria. We also found that HRP-2 antibody-based tests (such as the Type 1 tests) tended to be more sensitive and were significantly less specific than pLDH-based (type 4 and 5) tests, but the differences are small. If the point estimates for Type 1 and Type 4 tests are applied to a hypothetical cohort of 1000 patients where 30% of those presenting with symptoms have malaria, then the number of people wrongly diagnosed with malaria would be 34 with Type 1, and nine with Type 4. The quality of the microscopy reference standard could only be assessed in 40% of studies due to inadequate reporting, but results did not seem to be influenced by the reporting quality. For both categories of test, there was substantial heterogeneity in study results.
We found five studies that tested short-term changes in the consultation time allocated to each patient. All were conducted in the UK, and all were funded by government agencies. We are uncertain whether altering appointment length increases primary care consultation length, number of referrals and investigations, prescriptions, or patient satisfaction based on very low-certainty evidence. None of the studies reported on the effects of altering the length of consultation on resources used. Overall, our confidence in the results was very low; most studies had a high risk of bias, particularly due to non-random allocation of participants and the absence of data on participants' characteristics and small sample sizes. It is possible that these findings may change if high-quality trials are reported in the future. Further trials are needed that focus on health outcomes and cost-effectiveness.
This review identified only three small trials that evaluated the effects of high dose versus low dose stavudine. All three trials were conducted in developed countries and none reported from developing countries. A total of 157 participants were recruited to the trials. Sample sizes ranged from 24 to 92 and more than 79% of participants were male. There was no significant difference in virologic suppression in the included studies. Some baseline characteristics differed among the groups, including triglyceride levels in two studies and body mass index in one study. Symptomatic hyperlactatemia was seen in the high dose arm of the Milinkovic 2007 study; in no participants in the McComsey 2008 trial and not reported on in the Sanchez-Conde 2005 trial. The studies did not indicate that any participants discontinued treatment due to adverse events. Individual results from the trials were imprecise and have not identified a clear advantage in virolic efficacy or safety between low dose and high dose of stavUDine. Furthermore, enrolled participants were treatment experienced with sustained virologicity suppression and so existing data cannot be generalized to settings where stavuzine is currently used in ART naive patients with high viral loads. It was not possible to perform a meta-analysis on these trails.
We included 10 trials with a total of 1658 participants in this review. Six of the trials included recruitment manoeuvres as part of an open lung ventilation strategy that was different from control ventilation in aspects other than the recruitment manoeuvre (such as mode of ventilation, higher positive end-expiratory pressure (PEEP) titration and lower tidal volume or plateau pressure). Six studies reported mortality outcomes. Pooled data from five trials (1370 participants) showed a reduction in the number of deaths in the intensive care unit (ICU) but no difference in 28-day or hospital deaths. Data from four trials (1450 participants) and pooled data from four studies (1313 participants) did not show a difference in in-hospital mortality. Data revealed no differences in the risk of barotrauma (head injury) between the intervention group and the control group. We downgraded the quality of the evidence to low, as most of the included trials provided co-interventions (e.g. higher PEEP, different modes of ventilation and higher plateau pressure) that might have influenced results of the outcome. We found significant clinical heterogeneity in the 10 included trials. Results are based upon the findings of several (five) trials that included an "open lung" ventilation strategy (where ventilation was compared to control ventilation) that differed from the control ventilation strategy in aspects that were not directly related to recruitment. The quality of evidence was low for all outcomes.
This review identified 15 studies, involving 687 participants, that assessed the effectiveness of relaxation therapy in the treatment of adults with asthma. Most of the studies were of poor quality. However, some pooled effects were analysed. Three studies measured our primary outcome but individually did not report significant differences between treatment and control. The use of 'as needed' medications was reduced in two studies, (47 patients), by relaxation therapy (OR 4.47, CI 1.22 to 16.44). There was no significant difference in FEV1 (a measure of lung function) for relaxation therapy. Quality of life, measured using the Asthma Quality of Life Questionnaire, showed a positive effect following CBT (WMD 0.71, CI 0.23 to 1.19). Peak Expiratory Flow (a measurement of airway pressure) data indicated a difference in favour of bio-feedback therapy (wMD 43 L/min, CI -5.5 to 92.5) but not significant difference following relaxation therapy, and there was no statistically significant improvement in depression levels. The remainder of the findings between studies between studies were conflicting. This may have been due to the different types of interventions used and the deficiencies in trial design. This review was unable to draw firm conclusions for the role of psychological interventions in asthma due to an absence of an adequate evidence base. Larger, well-conducted and reported randomised trials are required in this area, in order to determine the effects of these techniques in the management of asthma in adults.
This review aimed to assess the effectiveness and tolerability of antidepressants and benzodiazepines in the treatment of panic disorder. Thirty-five studies, including 6785 participants overall, were included in this review; however, since studies addressed many different comparisons, only a few studies provided data for our primary outcomes. We found low-quality evidence suggesting no difference between antidepressants (antidepressant) and benzoids (benzodiazepine) in terms of response rate. We also found some evidence suggesting that serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) are better tolerated than tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs) (when looking at the number of patients experiencing adverse effects). We failed to find clinically significant differences between individual benzodiazines. The majority of studies did not report details on random sequence generation and allocation concealment; similarly, no details were provided about strategies to ensure blinding. The study protocol was not available for almost all studies so it is difficult to make a judgment on the possibility of outcome reporting bias. Information on adverse effects was very limited. For these reasons most of the analyses were underpowered and this limits the overall completeness of evidence. Data from the present review will be included in a network meta-analysis of psychopharmacological treatment in panic disorder, which will hopefully provide further useful information on this issue. In general, based on the results of the current review, we recommend that the possible role of antidepressants or benzoids should be assessed by the clinician on an individual basis. Data on long-term tolerability issues associated with antidepressants and their use should also be carefully considered. The choice of which antidepressant and/or benzoids is prescribed can not be made on the basis of this review only. The present review highlights the need for further higher-quality studies, which should be conducted with high-methodological standards and including pragmatic outcome measures to provide clinicians with useful and practical data.
Twenty-nine trials, that enrolled over 1,700 participants with pancreatic carcinoma, were included in this review. Three eligible studies compared plastic stents to surgery. Endoscopic stenting was associated with a reduced risk of complications (RR 0.60, 95% CI 0.45 - 0.81), but with higher risk of recurrent biliary obstruction prior to death when compared with surgery. The addition of an anti-reflux valve improved the patency of Teflon stents. There was no significant difference in risk of technical failure, therapeutic failure, complications or 30-day mortality by meta-analysis. One published study compared metal stents with surgery and reported lower costs and better quality-of-life with metal stent. Nine studies compared metal to plastic stenting. Metal stents were associated with fewer complications than plastic stent, but with a lower risk of recurrence of the obstruction. In patients with short predicted survival, their patency benefits may not be realised. Further RCTs are needed to determine the optimal stent type for these patients.
We included five randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) reporting 444 arterial cannulations in paediatric participants. Four trials compared ultrasound guidance with palpation, and one compared ultrasound with Doppler auditory assistance. Risk of bias varied across studies, with some studies lacking details of allocation concealment. It was not possible to blind practitioners in all of the included studies; this adds a performance bias that is inherent to the type of intervention studied in our review. Only two studies reported the rate of complications. We found moderate-quality evidence suggesting that ultrasound guidance for radial artery cannulation improves first and second attempt success rates and decreases the number of complications as compared with other types of guidance. The improved success rate at the first attempt may be more pronounced in infants and small children, in whom arterial line cannulation is more challenging than in older children. No studies reported data about ischaemic damage. We rated the quality of evidence for all outcomes as moderate owing to imprecision due to wide confidence intervals, modest sample sizes and limited numbers of events.
We included one small randomised controlled trial (RCT) (80 male student participants conducted in the Netherlands and published in 2009) and three ITS studies (general population studies conducted in Canadian provinces in the 1970s and 80s). The RCT found that young men exposed to movies with a low-alcohol content drank less than men who were exposed to films with a high alcohol content (mean difference (MD) -0.65 drinks; 95% confidence interval (CI) -1.2 to 0.07; p value = 0.03, very-low-quality evidence). The results from the three ITS study were inconsistent. The results of the two studies that evaluated the implementation of a ban showed an overall mean non-significant increase in beer consumption in the general population of 1.10% following the ban. This finding is consistent with an increase, no difference, or a decrease in alcohol consumption. In the study evaluating the lifting of a total ban on all forms of alcohol advertising to a partial ban on spirits advertising only, which utilised an Abrupt Auto-regressive (GRADE) model, the volume of alcohol sales decreased by 11.11 kilolitres per month after the ban was lifted. In this model, beer and wine sales increased per month, and spirits sales decreased statistically significantly. No other prespecified outcomes (including economic loss or hardship due to decreased alcohol sales) were addressed in the included studies and no adverse effects were reported. None of the studies were funded by the alcohol or advertising industries. There is a lack of robust evidence for or against introducing alcohol advertising restrictions. Advertising restrictions should be implemented within a high-quality, well-monitored research programme to ensure the evaluation over time of all relevant outcomes in order to build the evidence base. Using the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation approach, the quality of the evidence was rated as very low due to a serious risk of bias, serious indirectness of the included
The review of trials found that there was no evidence of difference between MCT and LCT on short-term growth, gastrointestinal intolerance, or necrotizing enterocolitis. There was conflicting data (two studies) as to formula tolerance. There is no evidence that either formula type is better than the other on short term growth or on long-term development. The review authors concluded that neither formula type could be concluded to be better or worse than the others for short- and long- term growth and development. Further studies are necessary because the results from the included eight studies are imprecise due to small numbers of infants and do not address important long term outcomes. Additional research should aim to clarify effects on formula tolerance and on longterm growth and neurodevelopmental outcomes, and include larger study populations to better evaluate effect on NEC incidence.
We found one small randomised controlled trial (with data from 34 women) comparing transcervical amnioinfusion with no amniotic fluid. The trial was considered to be at a high risk of bias overall, due to small numbers, inconsistency in the reporting of the reporting and lack of information on blinding. The evidence is up-to-date as of February 2016. The study did not report on this review's other primary outcome (perinatal death or severe morbidity). The study reported on a limited number of outcomes of interest in this review. All women received intrauterine pressure catheter, acetaminophen and antibiotics (ampicillin or, if receiving Group B beta streptococcal prophylaxis, penicillin and gentamycin). We did not identify any trials that used transabdominal amnion. Transcervical saline was given at a rate of 10 mL per minute for 60 minutes, then 3 mL of fluid per minute until delivery, compared to no fluid until delivery. We found no clear effect on the incidence of postpartum endometritis, neonatal infection, or caesarean section. There was no clear difference in the duration of maternal antibiotic treatment between the two groups, nor in the number of women who spent the night in hospital. The reduction in temperature at delivery, though not a pre-specified outcome of this review, may be of relevance in terms of benefits to the fetus of reduced exposure to heat. The majority of the other outcomes were not reported in the included study. We rated the quality of the evidence using four levels: very low, low, moderate, high, low or high. Very low-quality evidence means that we are very uncertain about the results. High-quality studies are needed to fully evaluate the effectiveness and safety of this intervention and to assess women’s satisfaction.
The aim of this review was to assess the diagnostic test accuracy of the Mini-Cog in community settings. Three studies met the inclusion criteria, with a total of 1620 participants. The studies were of poor methodological quality, introducing potential sources of bias, specifically with respect to the methods for participant selection. There was no pooled meta-analysis of the results. Methodological limitations were present in all the studies introducing potential source of bias.
We included 19 studies that investigated three different types of amphetamines: dexamphetamine (10.2 mg/d to 21.8 mg per day), lisdexamfetamine (30 mg or more per day to 70 mg a day), and mixed amphetamine salts (MAS; 12.5 mg/daily to 80 mg/day). These studies enrolled 2521 participants; most were middle-aged (35.3 years), Caucasian males (57.2%), with a combined type of ADHD (78.8%). Eighteen studies were conducted in the USA, and one study was conducted in both Canada and the USA. Ten were multi-site studies. All studies were placebo-controlled, and three also included an active comparator: guanfacine, modafinil, or paroxetine. Most studies had short-term follow-up and a mean study length of 5.3 weeks. We found no studies that had low risk of bias in all domains of the Cochrane 'Risk of bias’ tool, mainly because amphetamine has powerful subjective effects that may reveal the assigned treatment, but also because we noted attrition bias, and because we could not rule out the possibility of a carry-over effect in studies that used a cross-over design. Amphetamines improved the severity of ADHD symptoms, as assessed by clinicians or patients, in the treatment associated with higher doses. In addition, we found no evidence that dexamphetamine improved ADHD symptom severity compared to other drug interventions, and we found that all amphetaminers were efficacious in reducing ADHD symptoms as rated by patients. In contrast, we did not find any evidence to support the use of dexamphetamine compared to MAS or MAS. We also found low- to very low-quality evidence suggesting that amphetines did not improve retention in treatment. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. The main limitations of this review were the small number
We included 10 studies with 811 participants in this review update. The studies were heterogeneous with regard to study quality, the chronic painful conditions that were investigated, the dose of vitamin D given, co-interventions, and the outcome measures reported. Only two studies reported responder pain outcomes; the other studies reported treatment group average outcomes only. Overall, there was no consistent pattern that vitamin D treatment was associated with greater efficacy than placebo in any chronic painful condition. Adverse events and withdrawals were comparatively infrequent, with no consistent difference between vitamin D and placebo (good quality evidence). Based on this evidence, a large beneficial effect of vitamins D for chronic pain is unlikely. Whether vitamin D can have beneficial effects in specific chronic pain conditions needs further investigation.
Forty-one studies were included involving more than 200 practices and 48,000 patients. The studies were heterogeneous in terms of interventions, participants, settings and outcomes. The methodological quality of the studies was often poor. In all studies the intervention strategy was multifaceted. In 12 studies the interventions were targeted at health professionals, in nine studies they targeted at the organisation of care, and in 20 studies targeted both. In 15 studies patient education was added to the professional and organisational interventions. Multifaceted professional interventions can enhance the performance of health professionals in managing patients with diabetes. Organisational interventions that improve regular recall and review of patients (central computerised tracking systems or nurses who regularly contact the patient) can also improve diabetes management. The addition of patient-oriented interventions can lead to improved patient health outcomes. Nurses can play an important role through patient education or facilitating adherence to treatment.
We found five randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) comparing hormonal and intrauterine contraceptive methods in a total of 1503 women aged 25 years and younger. The trials compared the following methods: combined oral contraceptive (COC) versus transdermal contraceptive patch, vaginal contraceptive ring, or levonorgestrel (LNG-IUS) 20 µg/day versus LNG- IUS 20; LNG 12 µg or 16 µg compared with LNG 16; and LNG 20 versus the copper T380A (IUD). The trials comparing two different types of methods did not differ significantly for contraceptive efficacy or continuation. The sample sizes were small for two of those studies. The only significant outcome was that a COC group had a higher proportion of women who discontinued for 'other personal reasons' compared with the group assigned to the LNG -IUS 20 (OR 0.27, 95% CI 0.09 to 0.85), which may have little clinic relevance. In another study, continuation of the COC appeared to be at least as high as that for the IUD. In the trial comparing two types of method, there was no significant difference between the two groups for contraceptive effectiveness or continuation over one and three years. In three trials that examined different methods, continuation was at least 75% at 6 to 36 months. We considered the overall quality of evidence to be moderate to low. Limitations were due to trial design or limited reporting.
This review looked at the effects of immunotherapy for house mite allergy, pollen allergy, animal dander allergy, Cladosporium mould allergy, two latex allergy trials and six trials looking at multiple allergens. The review found that immunotherapy significantly reduced asthma symptoms and medication and improved bronchial hyper-reactivity following immunotherapy. It would have been necessary to treat three patients (95% confidence interval (CI) 3 to 5) with immunotherapy to avoid one deterioration in asthma symptoms. Overall it would be necessary to reduce the use of asthma medications by four patients to prevent one worsening in asthma. There was no consistent effect on lung function. The possibility of local or systemic adverse effects (such as anaphylaxis) must be considered.
This review of trials found that lung-protective ventilation reduced the risk of death at day 28 and at the end of hospital stay. The effects on long-term mortality are unknown, although the possibility of a clinically relevant benefit cannot be excluded. Ventilation with lower tidal volumes is becoming a routine strategy of treatment of acute respiratory distress syndrome and acute lung injury, stopping investigators from carrying out additional trials.
We included 15 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 1833 participants. The evidence is current to August 2015. We found that the intravenous technique of giving propofol to patients to help them to come out of anaesthesia was comparable with the inhalational technique of using sevoflurane to help patients to come back to consciousness. The risk of side effects with both techniques is also comparable. Pooled results from two trials suggest that the time to emergence from anaesthesia, that is, time needed to follow verbal commands, was longer with isofluralane than with propofolin (mean difference (MD) -3.29 minutes, 95% confidence interval (CI) -5.41 to -1.18, low-quality evidence). However, the time taken to emerge from anaesthetic was not different between the two techniques (MD 0.28 minutes, four studies). Pooled analyses for side effects suggest lower risk of nausea and vomiting, and greater risk of haemodynamic changes (changes in heart rate, blood pressure, blood flow, and oxygenation of the blood vessels) with the use of propoforol than with sevorol, but no differences in the risk of shivering or pain (MD 1.85; 95% CI 1.07 to 3.17). Pooling analyses for brain relaxation suggest lower rates of tense brain (RR 0.88; 95%, CI 0.67 to 1.17) and lower risk (RR 1.88, 95%, 95%CI 1.05 to 2.17, low quality evidence), but no difference between the techniques with respect to the rate of shaking or pain. The quality of the evidence was low for all outcomes. This means that the results should be interpreted with caution. Randomized controlled trials based on uniform and standard methods are needed. Researchers should follow proper methods of
This review identified four trials including 15,936 hypertensive patients. The average age of the patients was 75.4 years. Mean blood pressure at entry across the studies was 171/86 mmHg. The combined result of the four trials reporting incidence of dementia indicated no significant difference between treatment and placebo (236/7767 versus 259/7660) and there was considerable heterogeneity between the trials. Quality of life data could not be analysed in the four studies. There is no convincing evidence from the trials identified that blood pressure lowering in late-life prevents the development of dementia or cognitive impairment in high blood pressure patients with no apparent prior cerebrovascular disease. More robust results may be obtained by conducting a meta-analysis using individual patient data.
We identified 12 randomised controlled trials enrolling 3474 patients. The evidence for the effectiveness of PTCRA/PTCA in in-stent re-stenosis is unclear. Compared to angioplasty alone, there was no statistically significant increase in the risk of major adverse cardiac events (myocardial infarction (MI), emergency cardiac surgery or death) during the in-hospital period (RR 1.27; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.86 to 1.90). In complex lesions, there were no significant differences in re-steenosis rates at six months and at one year in those receiving PTCR and PTCA combined compared to those receiving angiopulasty alone. In certain circumstances (e.g. patients ineligible for cardiac surgery, those with architecturally complex lesions or those with lesions that fail PTCa), PTCra may achieve satisfactory re-vascularisation in subsequent procedures. There was no evidence of the effectiveness in improving patient outcomes in non-complex lesions. Morphological characteristics of complex lesions have not been examined in parallel-arm randomised clinical trials. The overall risk of bias was unclear for the majority of articles due to a lack of reported data; however, the authors determined that this would be unlikely to impact negatively as most data outcomes were objective.
This review identified three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 333 participants. Two of these trials were multicentre trials comprising only participants positive for respiratory syncytial virus (RSV). The other trial enrolled participants clinically diagnosed with bronchiolitis from a hospital in Italy. All studies used 2.5 mL (1 mg/mL) of nebulised rhDNase compared with placebo either as a daily or a twice daily dose. Adjunctive therapy included nebulisation of salbutamol, steroids, supplemental oxygen, intravenous fluids or tube feeding, nasal washing, nasal decongestants and antibiotics. The results of the three included studies in this review did not support the use of a nebuliser in children under 24 months of age hospitalised with acute bronchiolysis. In these patients, treatment did not shorten the length of hospitalisation or improve clinical outcomes. There was no significant difference in adverse events. These included temporary desaturation, temporary coughing, increased coughing, facial rash, hoarseness, dyspnoea and bad taste.
We included two studies with a total of 181 participants. One study had a small sample size and did not adequately report method of randomisation, allocation concealment or pre-selected outcomes. The second study was a larger study with few sources of bias and good methodology. We found no significant difference in mortality between groups, with only one death occurring overall, in the totally percutaneous group (moderate-quality evidence). Only one study reported aneurysm exclusion. In this study we observed only one failure of exclusion in the surgical cut-down femoral artery access group. There was no difference in major complication rate between the two groups, or in bleeding complications and haematoma. No wound infections occurred in either group. Only one of the two studies reported long-term complication rates at six months, with no differences between the percutaneously-inserted approach and the group of participants treated with the cut-up femoral arteries. We detected differences in surgery time, with the perctaneous approach being significantly faster than the access technique. There were no differences in duration of intensive treatment unit (intensive treatment unit) and hospital stay between groups. We downgraded the quality of the evidence to moderate as a result of the limited number of studies, low event numbers and imprecision. As the number of included studies were limited, further research into this technique would be beneficial. The search identified one ongoing study, which may provide an improved evidence base in the future.
The review of trials found that the sponge was less effective than the diaphragm in preventing pregnancy. The sponge was more likely to cause allergic reactions. Discontinuation rates were higher with the sponge at 12 months as well. No new trials have been identified since the initial review. Other randomized controlled trials will be needed to resolve the potential role of spermicides in preventing sexually transmitted infections or in causing adverse effects.
Sixteen studies were identified for possible inclusion in the review, six of which were included. Three studies investigated prevention and three studies investigated amelioration. Due to differences between studies in the interventions being evaluated, a meta-analysis was not possible. Two studies investigated a pharmacological intervention for the prevention of cognitive deficits; memantine (an antiepileptic drug) compared with placebo, and d-threo-methylphenidate HCL (an anti-psychotic drug). In the first study the primary cognitive outcome of memory at six months did not reach significance, but there was significant improvement in overall cognitive function compared to placebo, with similar adverse events across groups. The second study found no statistically significant difference between arms, with few adverse events. The third study investigated a rehabilitation program for preventing cognitive deficits but did not carry out a statistical comparison of cognitive performance between groups. There is no strong evidence to support any non-pharmacological interventions (medical or cognitive/behavioural) in the prevention or amelionation of cognitive problems. Non-randomised studies appear promising but are as yet to be conclusive via translation into high quality evidence. Further research is required. There were a number of limitations across studies but few without high risks of bias.
We found two studies that investigated the effectiveness of low-level laser treatment compared to placebo laser therapy on inferior alveolar sensory deficit as a result of iatrogenic injury. The age range of participants was from 17 to 55 years. Both studies were assessed as at high risk of bias, reporting data from 26 analysed participants. There was some evidence of an improvement in the subjective assessment of neurosensory deficit in the lip and chin areas, though the results were imprecise. Patient-reported altered sensation was partially reported in one study and fully reported in another. Patients suffered only partial loss of sensation. No studies reported on the effects of the intervention on pain, difficulty eating or speaking or taste. No study reported on quality of life or adverse events. The overall quality of the evidence was very low due to limitations in the conduct and reporting of the studies, indirectness and imprecision of the results. There is clearly a need for randomised controlled clinical trials to investigate the effectiveness and safety of surgical, medical and psychological interventions for the treatment of these types of nerve injuries. Primary outcomes of this research should include: patient-focused morbidity measures including altered sensation and pain, pain, quantitative sensory testing and delayed treatment.
We found two randomised controlled trials (281 pregnancies and 282 fetuses) that met our inclusion criteria. However, the two trials had significant clinical and methodological heterogeneity such that a meta-analysis combining trial data was considered inappropriate. One trial (involving 161 pregnancies) was based on women with a history of diabetes. It showed no statistically significant difference between using combined oestrogen and progestogen and using placebo for all our proposed primary outcomes, namely, miscarriage, perinatal death and preterm birth (less than 34 weeks of gestation) (RR 0.95, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.32 to 2.80). In terms of this review's secondary outcomes, use of combined hormone therapy was associated with an increased risk of maternal cancer in the reproductive system (RR 6.65, CI 1.56 to 28.29). However, there was no difference between groups for the outcome of cancer other than that of reproductive system in mothers. Similarly, there were no differences between the combined hormonal therapy group versus placebo for other secondary outcomes reported: low birthweight of less than 2500 g, genital abnormalities in the offspring, abnormalities other than genital tract in the female offspring, cancer in a reproductive system other than the genital tract, or cancer related to reproductive systems in the male offspring. The second study (based on pregnant women who had undergone in-vitro fertilisation (IVF) showed no difference in the rate of miscarriage between the treatment group and the no treatment group. The study did not report on this review’s other primary outcomes (perinatal deaths or rates of preterm births), nor on any of our proposed secondary outcomes. There is an insufficient evidence from randomised trials to assess the use of hormonal therapy for preventing miscarriages. We strongly recommend further research in this area.
The review of trials found that both TCAs and SSRIs are effective for depression treated in primary care. Nearly all studies were of short duration, typically 6-8 weeks. Pooled estimates of efficacy data showed an RR of 1.24, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.11-1.38 in favour of TCAs against placebo. The number of participants in the intervention groups was 1364 and in the placebo groups 919.
We found nine studies that compared ibuprofen with placebo (a pretend medicine) or with other active treatments for acute migraine headaches. The studies included a total of 4373 participants, 5223 of whom were treated with single doses of medication. All studies treated attacks with single dose of medication, and all were conducted in the USA. Ibuproen 400 mg was better than placebo for pain relief in about half of the people in the studies, but it was not better than rofecoxib 25 mg for 24-hour headache relief. Soluble formulations were better than standard tablets for 1-hour, but not for 2-hour pain relief. Similar numbers of participants experienced adverse events, which were mostly mild and transient, with ibupronfen and placebo. Adverse events occurred at the same rate as with placebo. We found no new studies since the last version of this review.
We included 43 randomized controlled trials (3497 participants with dry eye) in this review. We found that, in general, there was uncertainty whether different OTC artificial tears provide similar relief of signs and symptoms when compared with each other or placebo. Nevertheless, we found that 0.2% polyacrylic acid-based artificial tears were consistently more effective at treating dry eye symptoms than 1.4% polyvinyl alcohol-based synthetic tears in two trials assessing this comparison. All other included artificial tears produced contradictory results or found no between-group differences. Our review also found that OTC synthetic tears may be generally safe, but not without adverse events. Overall, we assessed the quality of evidence as low due to high risks of bias among included trials and poor reporting of outcome measures which were insufficient for quantitative analysis. Furthermore, we identified an additional 18 potentially eligible trials that were reported only in clinical trial registers with no associated results or publications. These trials reportedly enrolled 2079 total participants for whom no data are available. Such lack of reporting of trial results represents a high risk of publication bias.
We found one randomised trial in 136 patients that compared maintaining lamivudine in second-line regimens or not. There was no difference in virological outcomes in the group who maintained lamvudine and those who did not in their subsequent regimens. Two other small observational studies reported in abstract form also did not report a difference in the proportion of those with viral suppression after six months and time to HIV-1 RNA suppression among those on a lamivudiudine (3TC) or emtricitabine (FTC) regimen compared to those on 3TC/FTC-sparing first-line regimen. There were no trials identified comparing boosted protease inhibitors (PIs) or nucleoside backbone combinations in patients with HIV who fail their first antiretroviral regimen. Observational studies of populations starting ART in resource-limited settings suggest that short-term response on boosted PI-based regimens is encouraging. Current recommendations are based on available resources and patient- and public-health-level considerations.
We included 133 studies involving 844,206 participants in this review. We evaluated a total of seven different prespecified index tests in the 133 studies, as well as 69 non-prespecified, and 32 combinations of these tests. We found six studies for the Mallampati test, 105 for the modified Mallampatis test, six for the Wilson risk score, 52 for thyromental distance, 18 for sternomental distance and 34 for the mouth opening test, and 30 for the upper lip bite test. We also found studies for difficult face mask ventilation, difficult laryngoscopy, difficult tracheal intubation, and failed insertion of an airway tube. We judged the risk of bias to be variable for the different domains; we mostly observed low risk of systematic bias for patient selection, flow and timing, and unclear risk of random error for reference standard and index test. Applicability concerns were generally low for all domains. For difficult face masks, we found that all investigated index tests had relatively low sensitivities with high variability. In contrast, specificities were consistently and markedly higher than sensitivities across all tests. The upper lip bites test provided the highest sensitivity compared to the other tests for diagnosing difficult larynxoscopy. For the other diagnostic tests, we could only estimate summary sensitivity (0.17, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.06 to 0.39) and specificity (1.87 (CI 0.93) for the tested tests for the two tests, but the difference was not large enough to be meaningful. We could not estimate the same for the tests for other than the tests we examined. We concluded that these tests are designed as screening tests in adults with no apparent anatomical airway abnormalities. The standard bedside airway examination tests should be interpreted with caution, as they do not appear to be good screening tests. Given the paucity of available data, future research is needed to develop tests
The review of trials found that probiotics reduce the duration of diarrhoea and reduce the frequency of stool frequency in people with acute diarrhoeal illness. Probiotics appear to be safe and have clear beneficial effects in shortening the duration and reducing stool frequency of acute infectious diarrhoeas. However, more research is needed to guide the use of particular probiotic regimens in specific patient groups. The trials were undertaken in a wide range of different settings and also varied greatly in organisms tested, dosage, and participants' characteristics. No adverse events were attributed to the probiotic intervention.
We included only one study that compared nidotherapy-enhanced standard care with standard care alone (total 52 participants). This study was classified by its authors as a 'pilot study'. The duration of the included study was 18 months in total. The single study examined the short-term (up to six months) and medium term (between six and 12 months) effects of the newly-formulated therapy versus standard care. The results of the single study showed that people receiving the therapy had better social functioning and engagement with non-inpatient services in both the short term and the medium term. However, these results did not reach statistical significance. Results for the adverse effects/events of death (measured by 12 months after the intervention) favoured the intervention group, but with no statistical significance, and the results of people leaving the study early favoured the control group. Skewed results were available for mental state, service use, and economic outcomes, and present a mixed picture of the benefits and harms of the new therapy. Further research is needed into the possible benefits or harms of this newly-formed therapy. Until such research is available, patients, clinicians, managers and policymakers should consider it an experimental approach.
We included eight studies with a total of 3283 participants. Five studies had a classic design in which participants were randomised at the start of the study to pregabalin (150, 300, 450, or 600 mg daily) or placebo, with assessment after 8 to 13 weeks of stable treatment. No studies included active comparators. Two studies (1492 participants began initial dose titration, 687 participants randomised) had an EERW design, in which those with good pain relief after titration were randomly assigned, double blind, to continuing the effective dose (300 to 600 mg pregABalin daily), or a short down-titration to placebo for 13 or 26 weeks. We found that people with moderate or severe pain due to fibromyalgia treated with pregalactol (150 to 300 mg) for 12 to 26 weeks had at least 50% pain intensity reduction after 12 or 13 weeks' stable treatment (high quality evidence), compared with about 14% of people with placebo, but about 9% more people (22% to 24%) who received pregalactic acid (450 mg: high quality evidence). Pregabalin increased the number of people experiencing moderate benefit (at least 30% reduction in pain intensity) after 12 and 13 weeks’ stable treatment, compared with moderate benefit with placebo. Moderate benefit was experienced by about 28% of participants with placebo but about 11% more with pregarabalin. A similar magnitude of effect was found using PGIC of'very much improved' and'much or very much improved'. NNTs for these outcomes ranged between 7 and 14. A small study (177 participants) compared once-daily pregalaxial with twice daily pregaraxial, and concluded there was no difference in effect. We calculated the outcome of maintained therapeutic response (MTR) without withdrawal, equivalent to a moderate benefit. About 10% of the initial population would have achieved the MTR outcome,
We included one randomised controlled trial (involving 135 women with mild pre-eclampsia at term). An additional six studies are awaiting further assessment. The included trial compared magnesium sulphate with a placebo and was at a low risk of bias. The trial did not report any of this review's prespecified primary outcomes. There was no significant difference between the groups in Apgar score less than seven at five minutes, nor gestational age at birth, nor in the rates of postpartum haemorrhage or caesarean section. There were significantly more maternal side effects (feeling warm and flushed) in the magnesium sulphates group than in the placebo group. However, no differences in adverse effects severe enough to stop treatment was observed. There is currently insufficient evidence to assess the efficacy and safety of magnesium sulphat when administered to women for neuroprotection of the term fetus.
The purpose of this review was to evaluate the effectiveness of smoking cessation interventions specifically targeted at Indigenous populations. Four studies met all of the eligibility criteria for inclusion within the review. Two used combination therapies consisting of a pharmacotherapy combined with cognitive and behavioural therapies, whilst the remaining two used cognitive and behaviour therapy through counselling, one via text message support and the other delivered via clinic doctors trained in smoking cessation techniques. Smoking cessation data were pooled across all studies producing a statistically and clinically significant effect in favour of the intervention (risk ratio 1.43, 95%CI 1.03 to 1.98, p=0.032), however following sensitivity analysis a statistically non-significant but clinically significant difference was observed in favour the intervention. A significant health disparity exists, whereby Indigenous populations, a minority, are over-represented in the burden of smoking-related morbidity and mortality. More rigorous trials are now required to assist in bridging the gap between tobacco related health disparities in Indigenous and non-Indigenous populations. Due to this lack of published investigations, the external validity of the results is limited, as is the ability to draw reliable conclusions from the results.
We included 13 studies (5686 patients) in this review. We considered studies of high-risk surgery patients (eight studies) and general intensive care patients (five studies) separately as subgroups for meta-analysis. All 13 studies reported some type of hospital mortality (28-day, 30-day or 60-day mortality). We pooled the results of the studies of patients with general ICU or ICU mortality and those with high risk surgery mortality. The pooled risk ratio (RR) for mortality for mortality was 1.02 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.96 to 1.09) and for the patients with high- risk surgery the RR was 0.98. Of the eight studies that evaluated the effectiveness of pre-operative optimization, there was no difference in mortality when these studies were examined separately. PAC did not affect the length of stay in the ICU (reported by four studies) or hospital stay (nine studies). Four studies, conducted in the United States (US), reported costs based on hospital charges billed, which on average were higher in the PAC groups. Two of these studies qualified for analysis and did not show a statistically significant hospital cost difference (mean difference USD 900, 95% CI -2620 to 4420, P = 0.62). The quality of evidence was high for mortality and LOS but low for cost analysis. Our review concluded that use of a pacemaker did not alter the number of deaths, length of hospital stay or costs for adult patients in intensive care. Efficacy studies are needed to determine if there are optimal PAC-guided management protocols, which when applied to specific patient groups in ICUs could result in benefits such as shock reversal, improved organ function and less vasopressor use. Newer, less-invasive haemodynamic monitoring tools need to be validated against PAC prior to clinical use in critically ill patients.
This review found that venepuncture, when performed by a skilled phlebotomist, appears to be the method of choice for blood sampling in term neonates. The use of a sweet tasting solution reduces the pain. Further well designed randomised controlled trials should be conducted in settings where several individuals perform the procedures.
We found two small studies of poor methodological quality including 52 women with a dehisced and/or infected episiotomy wound at point of entry. There was no evidence to support or refute the use of secondary suturing for the management of broken down perineal wounds following childbirth. Only one small study presented data in relation to wound healing at less than four weeks, (the primary outcome measure for this review), although no reference was made to demonstrate how healing was measured. This trial also included data on the numbers of women who resumed sexual intercourse by two months and six months. Significantly more women in the second sutured group had resumed intercourse two months after surgery, although by six months there was no significant difference between the two groups. Neither of the trials provided data on pain at any time interval, the woman's satisfaction with the aesthetic results of the wound; exclusive breastfeeding; maternal anxiety or depression. There is an urgent need for a robust randomised controlled trial to evaluate fully the comparative effects of both treatment options.
We included 18 studies involving 2521 participants in this review. The methodological quality of 17 included studies was poor. Included RCTs separately compared medicinal herbs with different antiviral drugs, precluding any pooling of results. Only three studies indicated that compared with antiviral drug, Chinese medicinal herbs may be effective in preventing influenza and alleviating influenza symptoms. 'Ganmao' capsules were found to be more effective than amantadine in decreasing influenza symptoms and speeding recovery in one study (in which no data were reported). There were no significant differences between 'E Shu You' and ribavirin in treating influenza, nor in the occurrence of adverse reactions. Ten studies reported mild side effects. Most Chinese medical herbs in the included studies showed similar effects to antiviral agents in preventing or treating influenza. Few were shown to be superior to antivirals. No obvious side effects were reported in the studies. However, current evidence remains weak due to methodological limitations of the trials. More high-quality randomised controlled trials with larger numbers of participants and clear reporting are needed.
We included 8 studies with a total of 580 participants in this review. The evidence is current to May 2015. The studies compared the following interventions: thrombolytic therapy versus placebo (1 study); low versus high dose thrombosporin therapy (1); alteplase versus urokinase (1; short versus long thrombotic dwell (1), thrombin sheath stripping versus fibrin sheath removal (1) and over-the-wire catheter exchange versus exchange with and without angioplasty sheath disruption (1). Most studies had a high risk of bias due to poor study design, broad inclusion criteria, low patient numbers and industry involvement. Most of the studies included in this study were judged to have a high-risk of bias and were potentially influenced by pharmaceutical industry involvement as they were funded by the pharmaceutical industry. There is low certainty evidence from one study that suggests that, when compared to placebo, fibrbolytics may restore catheter function but there is no data available to suggest an optimal dose or administration method. The certainty of this evidence is reduced due to the fact that it is based on only a single study with wide confidence limits, high risks of bias in the results and imprecision in the estimates of adverse events. The current review is limited by the small number of available studies with limited numbers of patients enrolled. Further research is required to adequately address the question of the most efficacious and clinically appropriate technique for HD catheter dysfunction. Based on the available evidence, there appears to be no evidence to suggest any specific intervention is superior in terms of ensuring either dialysis adequacy or reduced risk of side effects.
We identified 17 trials reporting on 22 treatment comparisons (2674 patients randomised). Fifteen trials (20 treatment comparisons) reported results for tumour response and 11 trials published time-to-event data for overall survival. There were 1532 deaths in 2116 women randomised to trials of the addition of a drug to the regimen and control (the regimen alone). There was no detectable difference in overall survival between these patients, with an overall HR of 0.96 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.87 to 1.07, P = 0.47) and no significant heterogeneity. We found no difference in time to progression between these regimens. The addition of one or more drugs to the treatment regimen showed a statistically significant advantage for overall cancer response in women with metastatic breast cancer but the results suggest no significant difference in survival time or time to the progression of the cancer. The positive effect on cancer response was also associated with increased toxicity. Where measured, acute toxicities such as alopecia, nausea and vomiting and leucopenia were more common in women treated with a drug.
The review of trials found that there is some evidence that patients discharged from a neonatal intensive care unit are better prepared for discharge but it is unclear if this is simply a product of an increased length of inpatient stay. No significant adverse effects were noted but the possibility of increased early mortality cannot be discounted. Costs of care on the NLU were higher for UK studies but lower for US based studies. More research is needed.
We included 11 studies including 414 participants in the review. Two studies compared therapeutic ultrasound with placebo, two compared one ultrasound regimen with another, and six compared ultrasound as part of a multi-component intervention with another non-surgical intervention (for example, exercises and splint). The risk of bias was low in some studies and unclear or high in other studies, with only two reporting that the allocation sequence was concealed and six reporting that participants were blinded. Overall, there is insufficient evidence that one therapeutic ultrasound regimen is more efficacious than another. Only two studies reported the primary outcome of interest, short-term overall improvement (any measure in which patients indicate the intensity of their complaints compared with baseline, for example, global rating of improvement, satisfaction with treatment, within three months post-treatment). One low quality trial with 68 participants found that therapeutic ultrasound may increase the chance of overall improvement at the end of seven weeks treatment, although losses to follow-up and failure to adjust for the correlation between the two wrists in participants with bilateral CTS in this study suggest that this data should be interpreted with caution. Another low quality study found that at three months after treatment, therapeutic ultrasound plus splint increased patient satisfaction when compared with splint alone. However, this result was not statistically significant for symptoms, function, and neurophysiologic parameters. No studies reported any adverse effects of therapeutic ultrasound, but this outcome was only measured in three studies. More adverse effects data are required before any firm conclusions on the safety of the therapeutic ultrasound can be made. There is only poor quality evidence from very limited data to suggest that there is no evidence to support the greater benefit of one type of ultrasound regimen over another or to support therapeutic ultrasound as a treatment with greater efficacy compared to other non- surgical interventions for CTS, such as splinting, exercises, and oral drugs.
We included eight studies involving approximately 10,000 participants in this review. The active interventions were pravastatin, atorvastatin (a statin), simvastatine, clofibrate, and conjugated oestrogen. There is evidence that statin therapy in patients with a history of ischaemic stroke or TIA significantly reduces subsequent major coronary events but only marginally reduces the risk of stroke recurrence. There was no clear evidence of beneficial effect from statins in those with previous haemorrhagic stroke and it is unclear whether statins should be started immediately post stroke or later.
The aim of this review was to assess the effectiveness of mass media campaigns in changing smoking behaviour in adults. Eleven studies met the inclusion criteria for this review. Studies differed in design, settings, duration, content and intensity of intervention, length of follow-up, methods of evaluation and also in definitions and measures of smoking behaviour used. Among seven campaigns reporting smoking prevalence, significant decreases were observed in the California and Massachusetts statewide tobacco control campaigns compared with the rest of the USA. Three large-scale campaigns of the seven presenting results for tobacco consumption found statistically significant decreases. Among the eight studies presenting abstinence or quit rates, four showed some positive effect, although in one of them the effect was measured for quitting and cutting down combined. Among three that did not show significant decreases, one demonstrated a significant intervention effect on smokers and ex-smokers combined. Six of nine studies carried out in communities or regions showed positive effects on smoking behaviour and at least one significant change in smoking prevalence. One state-wide tobacco control programme (Massachusetts) showed positive results up to eight years after the start of the campaign. Another (California) showed significant results during the period of adequate funding and implementation and in final evaluation since the beginning of the programme. No consistent relationship was observed between campaign effectiveness and age, education, ethnicity or gender.
We included 24 studies with a total of 2166 participants, 23 of which provided data for analysis. Seventeen studies that compared yoga versus no therapy provided moderate-quality evidence showing that yoga improved health-related quality of life, reduced fatigue and sleep disturbances and reduced depression, anxiety and fatigue in the short term. Yoga did not appear to reduce depression or anxiety when compared with no therapy, and had no short-term effects on fatigue or sleep disturbances. No study reported on safety-related data. Four studies comparing yoga versus psychosocial/educational interventions provided moderate quality evidence indicating that yoga can reduce depression (four studies, 226 participants), anxiety (three studies, 195 participants) and fatigue (two studies, 106 participants). No study provided information on safety. Three studies that looked at yoga versus exercise provided very low-quality results showing no effects of yoga on health- related quality oflife or fatigue. No studies reported on the safety of yoga. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to moderate. This means that further research is very likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the results.
We included one study that compared early post-operative brain imaging (within 48 hours of surgery) with no early brain imaging among 125 people who had surgery for glioblastoma. Most patients in the study underwent maximal surgical resection followed by combined radiotherapy and temozolomide treatment. Although patient characteristics were comparable, the study was at high risk of bias overall. Evidence from this study suggested little or no difference between early and no early postoperative imaging with respect to overall survival (deaths) at one year after diagnosis of glioma and at two years after diagnosis. No other review outcomes were reported. We found no evidence on the effectiveness of other imaging schedules. In addition, we identified no relevant economic evaluations assessing the efficiency of the different imaging strategies. The effect of different imaging schedules on survival and other health outcomes remains largely unknown. Existing imaging schedules seem to be pragmatic rather than evidence-based.
We included three studies randomising 161 people with schizophrenia. Data were available for only two of our seven main outcomes. Clinically important improvement in global state was measured using the Clinical Global Impression (CGI). There was no clear difference between chlorpromazine and metiapine groups (2 RCTs, n = 120, RR 1.11, 95% CI 0.84 to 1.47, very low quality evidence) and numbers of participants with parkinsonism at eight weeks were similar. There were no useable data available for the other key outcomes of clinically important improvements in mental state, readmission due to relapse, satisfaction with treatment, aggressive or violent behaviour, or cost of care. Chlorpromazine has been the mainstay treatment for schizophrenia for decades, yet available evidence comparing this drug to metiAPine fails to provide high-quality trial based data.
Twenty-three studies were identified for inclusion in this review. Nitro-imidazole antibiotics, mesalamine and immunosuppressive therapy with azathioprine/6-MP or infliximab all appear to be superior to placebo for the prevention of post-operative recurrence of Crohn's disease. The cost, toxicity and tolerability of these approaches require careful consideration to determine the optimal approach for post-operatively prophylaxis.
We included seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 885 participants in this review. The psychosocial interventions considered in the studies were: cognitive-behavioural coping skills training (one study), twelve-step programme (one), brief intervention (three studies), motivational interviewing (two studies), and brief motivational interviewing. Two studies were considered in two comparisons. There were no data for the secondary outcome, alcohol-related harm. We found low to very low-quality evidence to suggest that there is no difference in effectiveness between different types of interventions to reduce alcohol consumption among people who use illicit drugs, and that brief interventions are not superior to assessment-only or to treatment as usual. No firm conclusions can be made because of the paucity of the data and the low quality of the retrieved studies. We judged the majority of the trials to have a high or unclear risk of bias.
We found 23 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 1586 participants. Fifty-eight per cent of these participants were from five unpublished studies. The most commonly used quinine dosage was 300 mg/day (range 200 to 500 mg). We found no new trials for inclusion when searches were updated in 2014. The risk of bias in the trials varied considerably. All 23 trials claimed to be randomised, but only a minority described randomisation and allocation concealment adequately. Compared to placebo (a pretend treatment), quinines reduced cramps over two weeks by 28%, cramp intensity by 10%, and cramp days by 20%. Cramp duration was not significantly affected. A significantly greater number of people suffered minor side effects on quinins compared with placebo, mainly gastrointestinal symptoms. There was no significant difference in major side effects. One participant suffered from thrombocytopenia (a blood clot in the leg) on quins. A combination of theophylline (an anti-inflammatory drug) and quinidine (an antidiarrhoea drug) was more effective than quins alone, but with no significant differences in adverse events. Based on a single trial comparison, quins used up to 60 days were less effective than a combination of vitamin E and quins, but there was no difference in side effects between quins and vitamin E or quins with quins in the combination. A quinsine-vitamin E combination, vitamin E alone, and xylocaine injections into gastrocnemius muscle were not significantly different to quinsines in all outcomes, including adverse effects. The quality of the evidence was low or moderate for all outcomes. There is no evidence to judge optimal dosage or duration of treatment. Further studies using different dosages and measurement of serum quinaine levels will allow a therapeutic range to be defined for muscle
We found seven randomised controlled trials enrolling a total of 406 individuals amongst whom 118 cross-over participants additionally served as their own controls. Three trials enrolled women with pregnancy-associated leg cramps and four trials enrolled idiopathic cramp sufferers. Magnesium was compared to placebo in six trials and to no treatment in one trial. We found no randomized controlled trials evaluating magnesium for exercise-associated muscle cramps or disease state-associated cramps (for example amyotrophic lateral sclerosis/motor neuron disease). It is unlikely that magnesium supplementation provides clinically meaningful cramp prophylaxis to older adults experiencing skeletal muscle cramp. In contrast, for those experiencing pregnant-associated rest cramps the literature is conflicting and further research in this patient population is needed. While we could not determine the number of subjects with minor adverse events, studies of oral magnesium generally described potential side effects as similar in frequency to placebo.
We included one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared a six-month, home-based, combined muscle strength and recumbent cycle ergometry training program versus usual care in 14 ambulatory people with SMA type 3. The age range of the participants was between 10 years and 48 years. Participants performed strength training as prescribed, but 50% of them did not achieve the intended aerobic exercise training regimen. The trial used walking distance on the six-minute walk test as a measure of function; a minimal detectable change is 24.0 m. The change from baseline to six months' follow-up in the training group (9.4 m) was not detectably different from the change in the usual care group (-0.14 m) (mean difference (MD) 9.54 m, 95% confidence interval (CI) -83.04 to 102.12; N = 12). Cardiopulmonary exercise capacity, assessed by the change of peak oxygen uptake (VO2max), was similar between the training and usual care groups (-1.34 mL/kg/min) (MD 1.22 mL/km/min). A clinically meaningful increase in VO2max was observed in the intervention group. The training group showed a slight improvement in muscle strength, expressed as the manual muscle testing (MMT) total score, which ranges from 28 (weakest) to 280 (strongest). The change in MMT total score was 6.8 points in the strength training group compared to -5.14 in the control group (MD 11.94). The trial stated that training had no statistically significant effects on fatigue and quality of life. The certainty of evidence for all outcomes was very low because of study limitations and imprecision. The study did not assess the effects of physical activity levels. No study-related serious adverse events or adverse events leading to withdrawal occurred, but we cannot draw wider conclusions from this very low-certainty evidence
We found two small randomised controlled trials (N = 149) that compared surgery with physiotherapy or hard collar immobilization. One trial (81 patients with cervical radiculopathy) found that surgical decompression was superior to physiotherapy or neck immobilization in the short-term for pain, weakness or sensory loss; at one year, there were no significant differences between groups. The other trial (68 patients with mild functional deficit associated with cervical myelopathy) did not find any differences between surgery and conservative treatment in three years following treatment. A substantial proportion of cases were lost to follow-up. Both small trials had significant risks of bias and do not provide reliable evidence on the effects of surgery for cervical spondylosis or myelitis. Further research is very likely to have an impact on the estimate of effect and our confidence in it.
Nine studies met our inclusion criteria, five RCTs, one CCT and three ITSs. Six studies compared telephone consultation versus normal care; four by a doctor, one by a nurse and one by clinic clerk. Three studies compared different types of health care workers; two compared nurses with doctors and one compared health assistants with doctors or nurses. Three of five studies found a decrease in visits to GP's but two found a significant increase in return consultations. In general at least 50% of calls were handled by telephone advice alone. Seven studies looked at accident and emergency department visits, six showed no difference between the groups and one, of nurse telephone consultation, found an increase in visits. Two studies reported deaths. Telephone consultation appears to reduce the number of surgery contacts and out-of-hours visits by general practitioners. However, questions remain about its affect on service use and further rigorous evaluation is needed.
We included 84 randomised controlled trials (22,872 participants) in this review. The evidence is current to September 2016. The results of this review indicate that there are no substantive, meaningful benefits of MI interventions for preventing alcohol use, misuse or alcohol-related problems. Although we found some statistically significant effects, the effect sizes were too small, given the measurement scales used in the included studies, to be of relevance to policy or practice. Moreover, the quality of evidence is not strong, suggesting that any effects could be inflated by risk of bias. None of the studies reported harms related to MI. We found no clear subgroup effects for longer-term outcomes (four or more months) for assessment only versus alternative intervention controls; for university/college vs other settings; or for higher risk vs all/low risk participants. Overall, the evidence provided by these studies provided moderate or low quality evidence.
This review includes 29 studies with a total of 2210 participants. All participants had asthma, and follow-up ranged from 2 to 26 weeks. Most studies were at low or unclear risk of selection and attrition bias and at high risk of bias associated with blinding. We considered most of the evidence to be of low quality owing to these biases and to imprecision in the estimates of effect. We classified studies into three comparisons: enhanced face-to-face training session(s), multi-media-delivered inhaler training (e.g. DVD, computer app or game) and technique feedback devices. Differences between interventions, populations and outcome measures limited quantitative analyses, particularly for exacerbations, adverse events, unscheduled visits to a healthcare provider and absenteeism from work or school. For both adults and children, how and when inhaler technique was assessed appeared to affect whether it improved and by how much. Analyses of the numbers of people who demonstrated correct or 'good enough' technique were generally more useful than checklist scores. Most included studies did not report important improvement in clinical outcomes. Inhaler technique interventions provided some benefit for asthma control and quality of life but generally did not lead to consistent or important clinical benefits for adults or children. Confidence intervals included no difference or did not reach a threshold that could be considered clinically important. Responder analyses sometimes showed improvement among more people in the intervention groups, even though the mean difference between groups was small. We found no evidence about harms. Although interventions to improve asthma control may work in some circumstances, the variety of interventions and measurement methods used hampered our ability to perform meta-analyses and led to low to moderate confidence in our findings. Guidelines consistently recommend that clinicians check regularly the inhaler techniques of their patients; what is not clear is how clinicians can most effectively intervene if they find a patient's technique to be inadequate, and whether such interventions will have a discernible impact on clinical outcome.
This review of three small trials, involving 226 participants, found that there is currently not enough evidence to support the routine use of mannitol in acute stroke patients. Data on the primary outcome measure (death and dependency) were not available in any of the trials. Adverse events were either not found or not reported. The change in clinical condition was reported in two trials, and the proportion of those with worsening or not improving condition did not differ significantly between those treated and those who were not. Based on these three trials neither beneficial nor harmful effects of the mannitor could be proved.
Six trials were identified, with 425 patients randomized to D-penicillamine and 258 to placebo. A statistically significant benefit was observed when compared to placebo for all three-dose ranges and for most outcome measures including tender joint counts, pain, physician's global assessments and ESR. Its efficacy appears to be similar to that of other disease modifying anti-rheumatic drugs (DMARDs), but with a significantly higher toxicity. Its effects on long-term functional status and radiological progression are not clear from this review.
We included four relevant trials. All of them were of low quality. All four studies used a decoction containing Huangqi compounds as the intervention with chemotherapy. The intervention groups of three studies were compared to a chemotherapy alone control group, the fourth study compared the decoctions of Huangqi compound with two other Chinese herbal interventions. None of the studies reported on primary outcome using Common Toxicity Criteria (CTC). There was a significant reduction in the proportion of patients who experienced nausea & vomiting when decolets of Huangchi compounds were given in addition to chemotherapy. There was also a decrease in the rate of leucopenia (low white blood cell count) (low blood cell concentration) (WBC <3 x 10^9 per L) and Huangqi decoletions were also associated with increases in the proportions of T-lymphocyte subsets: CD3; CD4 and CD8. Huangqi Decoctions had no significant effects on Immunoglobulins G, A or M. We found no evidence of harm arising from the use of Chinese herbs, particularly Astragalus spp.(as in Huangqi), upon chemotherapy-related side effects. Due to the methodological limitations of the included studies, there is no robust demonstration of benefit.
We included three randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 866 participants aged four to 55 years with RP of all forms of genetic predisposition. One trial evaluated the effect of vitamin A alone, one trial evaluated vitamin A and DHA alone, and a third trial evaluated DHA and vitamin A versus vitamin A only. None of the RCTs had a protocol for randomizing participants to receive vitamin A or DHA, so the quality of the trials was unclear. The trials did not report the primary outcome, mean change of visual field from baseline at one year, in any of the studies. No toxicity or adverse events were reported in these three trials. No trial reported a statistically significant benefit of vitamin supplementation on the progression of vision loss or visual acuity loss. Two of the three trials reported statistically significant differences in ERG amplitudes among some subgroups of participants, but these results have not been replicated or substantiated by findings in the other trials. Based on the results of three trials, there is no clear evidence for benefit of treatment with vitamin A/DHA for people with RP, in terms of the mean change in visual field and ERG amplifyments at five years follow-up. In future trials, since some of the included studies in this review included unplanned subgroup analysis that suggested differential effects based on previous vitamin A exposure, investigators should consider examining this issue. Future trials should take into account the changes observed in the ERG amplitude and other outcome measures from trials included in the review, in addition to previous cohort studies, when calculating sample sizes to assure adequate power to detect clinically and statistically meaningful difference between treatment arms. All three trials were graded as low risk of bias for all other domains. We did not perform meta-analysis due to clinical heterogeneity of participants and interventions across the included trials.
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 414 participants at risk of job loss. All participants were recruited through rheumatology clinics, both in or outside hospitals. The majority of participants had IA, most with RA and to a lesser degree AS. The interventions aimed to prevent job loss and improve work functioning in several ways: firstly by evaluating work changes or adaptations and secondly by providing any person-directed interventions including vocational counselling, advice or education. Interventions directly targeted at the work environment were minimal and included workplace visits (one trial) or any actions by an occupational physician. The duration or dose of the interventions varied from two 1.5-hour sessions over five months, two consultation and multidisciplinary treatments during three months (one RCT), to six to eight individual or group sessions over six months (also one RCT). Included trials investigated job loss (n = two RCTs; 382 participants), work absenteeism and work functioning. Overall, we assessed the quality of the evidence using the GRADE approach and judged there to be very low quality evidence across the three reported outcomes. Of the two trials investigating job loss, the larger one reported a large statistically significant reduction in job loss in both groups (relative risk (RR) = 0.35, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.18 to 0.68) and the other RCT reported similar effects, although the CI was very wide. The latter one probably suffered from performance bias and we judged it to have a high risk of bias. The one small trial investigating sickness absenteeism found uncertain results at six months' follow-up (MD = -2.42 days). Finally, in the same small trial assessing work functioning using the Rheumatoid Arthritis-Work Instability Scale (RA-WIS), there was a moderate improvement of intermediate term work functioning (six months; scale range 0 to 23; mean improvement -4.67 points
We identified three eligible studies that included a total of 285 preterm infants (140 received arginine) from three countries. We assessed the overall methodological quality of the included studies as good. We noted a reduction in risk of development of NEC (any stage) among preterm neonates in the group of infants who were given a placebo compared with the placebo group and rated the quality of evidence as moderate. The number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) as required to prevent one additional preterm infant from developing NEC was 6 (95% confidence interval (CI) 4 to 10). Study results showed a statistically significant reduction in the risk of developing NEC stage 1 (RR 0.37, 95% CI 0.15 to 0.90; I2 = 52%) and NEC stage 2 (RD -0.13 (CI 0.02 to 1.03) in the ARGINine group). Mortality due to any cause was not significantly different between the groups. Follow-up data from one trial revealed no statistically significant differences in adverse outcomes (cerebral palsy, cognitive delay, bilateral blindness or hearing loss requiring hearing aids) at 36 months. Limitations of the present findings include a relatively small overall sample size. Because information was provided by three small trials that included 285 participants, the data are insufficient at present to support a practice recommendation. A multi-centre randomised controlled study that is focused on the incidence of NEC, particularly at more severe stages (2 and 3), is needed.
We included four studies involving 1943 participants with acute sinusitis. The trials were well-designed and double-blind and studied INCS versus placebo or no intervention for 15 or 21 days. The rates of loss to follow-up were 7%, 11%, 41% and 10%. When we combined the results from the three trials included in the meta-analysis, participants receiving INCS were more likely to experience resolution or improvement in symptoms than those receiving placebo (73% versus 66.4%). Higher doses of INCS had a stronger effect on improvement of symptoms or complete relief: for mometasone furoate 400 µg versus 200 µg (RR 1.10; 95% CI 1.02 to 1.18 versus RR 1.04). No significant adverse events were reported and there was no significant difference in the drop-out and recurrence rates for the two treatment groups and for groups receiving higher doses of InCS. No new trials were found for inclusion in this update.
The review of trials found that the administration of prophylactic vancomycin in low doses reduces the incidence of nosocomial sepsis in the neonate. There was insufficient evidence to ascertain the risks of development of resistant organisms in the nurseries involved in these trials. The methodologies of these studies may have contributed to the low rate of sepsise in the treated groups, as the blood cultures drawn from central lines may have failed to grow due to low levels of vancomalic acid in the infusate. Although there is a theoretical concern regarding the development of resistance to the antibiotic in the newborns with the use of this drug, there is not enough evidence to be sure of this risk.
This review of 13 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) on dressings or topical agents for postoperative wounds healing by secondary intention was carried out. Fourteen reports of 13 RCTs were included in the review. The evidence is current to September 2013. The review found that a plaster cast applied to an amputation stump accelerated wound healing compared with elastic compression. There were no statistically significant differences in healing for other dressing comparisons (e.g. gauze, foam, alginate; 11 trials). Gauze was associated with significantly more pain for patients than other dressings (4 trials). Patients treated with gauze were less satisfied compared with those receiving alternative dressings. Gauze is inexpensive but its use is associated with the use of significantly more nursing time than foam (2 trials). Four trials showed no difference in length of hospital stay. One trial found shorter hospital stay in people after amputation when plaster casts were applied compared to elastic compression (30.10 days; 95% CI -49.82 to -10.38). We found only small, poor quality trials; the evidence is therefore insufficient to determine whether the choice of dressing or topical agent affects the healing of surgical wounds by second intention. Foam is best studied as an alternative for gauze and appears to be preferable as to pain reduction, patient satisfaction and nursing time.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials that included 1482 women. Four trials examined combined oral contraceptives (COCs), and three studied a levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system (LNG-IUS). We found two trials of progestin-only pills (POPs) and two of the etonogestrel implant. The evidence was limited for any particular hormonal method. Most trials did not report significant differences between the study arms in breastfeeding duration, breast milk composition, or infant growth. Exceptions were seen mainly in older studies with limited information. The quality of evidence was moderate overall and low for three of four placebo-controlled trials of COCs or POPs. The sensitivity analysis included six trials with moderate quality evidence and sufficient outcome data. Results were not consistent across the 11 trials. Five trials indicated no significant difference between groups in breast milk volume or composition. Two of eight trials indicated a negative effect on lactation duration compared to placebo but did not quantify results. Another trial showed a lower percentage of the LNG-iUS group breastfeeding at 75 days versus the nonhormonal IUD group (reported P < 0.05). Two older studies indicated lower volume for the COC group versus the placebo group. The other showed lower volume at 16 weeks and at 24 weeks (MD -24.00, 95% CI -34.53 to -13.47). Another trial did not show any significant difference at one year. Another four trials showed no significant differences in milk volume and composition with two POPs, a COC, or the ETON implant. Seven trials studied infant growth; one showed greater weight gain (grams) for the implant versus no method for six weeks but less compared with depot medroxyprogesterone acetate (DMPA) from 6 to 12 weeks. The others studied POPs versus POPs or an LNG -IUS. The overall quality of the evidence was
This review of 10 studies found that red-light cameras are effective in reducing total casualty crashes. The evidence is less conclusive on total collisions, specific casualty collision types and violations, where reductions achieved could be explained by the play of chance. Most evaluations did not adjust for RTM or spillover, affecting their accuracy. Larger and better controlled studies are needed.
The review authors identified four trials involving 494 participants. Three studies involving 383 participants provided data on the proportion of participants who had achieved a therapeutic INR of 2.0 to 3.0 on the fifth day of therapy. One study showed significant benefit of a 10-mg warfarin nomogram for the percentage of outpatients with VTE who had reached therapeutic levels of INR by day five, with the number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB = 3, 95% confidence interval (CI) 2 to 4). One study also showed significant benefits of a 5-mg (5 mg/day) loading dose for the proportion who achieved therapeutic INRs of 5 (95% CI 3 to 28) in patients with acute venous thromboembolism (DVT or PE) aged 18 years or older. No difference was observed in major bleeding at 14 to 90 days or in length of hospital stay (mean difference (MD) -2.3 days) or in minor bleeding (MD -1.8 days). The overall quality of the evidence was moderate for INR and low for other outcomes. The review authors concluded that there is considerable uncertainty surrounding the use of either a 10 mg or a 5 mg loading dose to achieve an INR (2.0-3.0) for patients who have received a blood clotting inhibitor (warfarin) for the treatment of VTE. Heterogeneity among analyzed studies, mainly due to differences in types of study participants and length of follow-up, limits certainty surrounding optimal warfarins.
We included seven trials with a total of 555 participants. Three trials compared models of enhanced care in the inpatient setting with conventional care. Two trials compared an enhanced care model provided in inpatient settings and at home after discharge with standard care. One trial compared geriatrician-led care in-hospital to conventional care led by the orthopaedic team. None of the trials were designed specifically for people with dementia, therefore the data included in the review were from subgroups of participants with dementia or cognitive impairment participating in randomised controlled trials investigating models of care for all older people following hip fracture. The end of follow-up in the trials ranged from the point of acute hospital discharge to 24 months after discharge. There were no data from any study for our primary outcome of health-related quality of life. There was only very low certainty for our other primary outcome, activities of daily living and functional performance, therefore we were unable to draw any conclusions with confidence. The certainty of the evidence for all outcomes was low or very low. The effect estimates for almost all comparisons were very imprecise, and the overall certainty for most results was low. We considered all trials to be at high risk of bias in more than one domain. As they were all conducted in larger trials, the analyses lacked power to detect differences between the intervention groups. Furthermore, there were some important differences in baseline characteristics of participants between the experimental and control groups.
We found seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 840 participants. Participants, interventions and outcomes were diverse. No significant differences were reported in health outcomes; two studies reported a reduction in the length of hospital stay with no difference in the hospital readmission rate. Three studies reported improved parental anxiety and improved child behaviours. Also, better parental coping and family functioning was reported in one study. By contrast, one study each reported no impact on parental burden of care or on functional status of children. Home care was reported as more costly for service providers with substantial cost savings for the family in two studies, while one study revealed no significant cost benefits for family. The preliminary results show no adverse impact on physical health outcomes and a number of papers reported improved satisfaction with home-based care. Further trials are required, measuring health, satisfaction, service utilisation and long-term costs.
The evidence is current to September 2016. We included 40 studies with 7524 participants from 40 randomised controlled trials (RCTs). We found data relevant to two comparisons: ICM compared with standard care, and ICM versus non-ICM. The majority of studies had a high risk of selective reporting. No studies provided data for relapse or important improvement in mental state. We found that ICM is effective in ameliorating many outcomes relevant to people with severe mental illness. ICM may reduce the number of days spent in hospital and increase retention in care. It also improves social functioning, although ICM's effect on mental state and quality of life remains valuable. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for the following outcomes: 1. The effect of ICM on adverse events (death by suicide); 2. The impact of the ICM model on social functioning; and 3. the effect of the model on unemployment. The evidence was of moderate to very low quality for the outcomes adverse events and social functioning. Based on very low- to moderate-quality evidence, ICM probably makes little or no difference in reducing the average number or the average length of stay in hospital per month or in the average admissions to hospital. Similarly, the results showed that the number leaving the intervention early and that the effect on social function was uncertain. The overall quality of evidence was very low.
This review looked at the effects of box model training compared with no training in trainees with no previous laparoscopic experience. Twenty-five trials contributed data to the quantitative synthesis in this review. Overall, 16 trials (464 participants) provided data for meta-analysis of box training (248 participants) versus no supplementary training (216 participants). All the 16 trials in this comparison used video trainers. The results of this review are threatened by both risks of systematic errors (bias) and risks of random errors (play of chance). There were no trials comparing box models versus animal models or cadaveric model training. There appears to be no significant differences in the improvement of technical skills between different methods of box models training. One trial (36 participants) found significantly shorter time taken to complete the task when box training was performed using a simple cardboard box trainer compared with the standard pelvic trainer. The impact of this decreased time on patients and healthcare funders in terms of improved outcomes or decreased costs are unknown. None of the remaining secondary outcomes such as mortality and morbidity were reported in the trials when animal models were used for assessment of training, error in movements, and trainee satisfaction. There was no significant difference in the error score between the two groups in any of the comparisons (box trainer suturing versus box trainer drills; single incision versus multiport box models; and Z-maze box training versus U-mazes box training). The only trial that reported accuracy score found significantly higher accuracy score with Z- mazes versus conventional box models in one trial (16 participants) and in another trial (22 participants) that reported that the accuracy score was significantly higher with reverse alignment compared with forward alignment box training. No significant differences were found between the intervention and control groups in the remaining three comparisons (reverse alignment versus forward alignment, box trainer drilling versus box training drills, and singleincision versus multiple incisions). None of these other outcomes were adequately reported. The quality
This review of trials found no evidence to support or refute the use of peroral glucocorticosteroids for patients with primary sclerosing cholangitis. The application of corticosteroid via nasobiliary tube seems to induce severe adverse effects.
This review of 11 trials found that early feeding may be associated with a trend towards better outcomes in terms of survival and disability. However, further trials are required. These trials should report not only nutritional outcomes but also the effect on death and disability outcomes.
We included 57 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 34,390 participants in this review. Forty-one studies (42 comparisons, 19,241 participants) provided data for the primary meta-analysis, which demonstrated that participants using a digital intervention drank approximately 23 g alcohol weekly (95% confidence interval (CI) 15 to 30) (about 3 UK units) less than participants who received no or minimal interventions at end of follow up (moderate-quality evidence). Fifteen studies (16 comparisons, 10,862 participants) showed that participants who engaged with digital interventions had less than one drinking day per month fewer than no intervention controls, 15 studies showed about one binge drinking session less per month in the intervention group compared to no intervention control participants, and in 15 studies (9791 participants) intervention participants drank one unit per occasion less than control participants. The BCTs of behaviour substitution, problem solving and credible source were associated with the effectiveness of digital interventions to reduce alcohol consumption and warrant further investigation in an experimental context. No studies reported whether any adverse effects resulted from the interventions. The most frequently mentioned theories or models in the included studies were Motivational Interviewing Theory, Transtheoretical Model and Social Norms Theory. Over half of the interventions (n = 21, 51%) made no mention of theory. Only two studies used theory to select participants or tailor the intervention. There was no evidence of an association between reporting theory use and intervention effectiveness. Limited reporting of theory use was unrelated to heterogeneity in intervention effectiveness, and there was no difference in alcohol consumption at end-of-study follow up. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to low. The main sources of bias were from attrition and participant blinding (36% and 21% of studies respectively, high risk of bias).
We included 24 studies in the review with a total of 4233 participants, of which 2124 were randomised to benzodiazepines and 1475 to placebo. The remaining 634 participants received other active treatments in three-arm trials. We assessed the overall methodological quality of the included studies as poor. We rated all studies as at unclear risk of bias in at least three domains. In addition, 20 of the 24 included studies were at a high risk of systematic error (ie, there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way the studies were conducted or reported). The results of the review suggest that, compared to placebo (a pretend treatment), benzodiazepine may be more effective in the short-term treatment of panic disorders. However, the number of participants who responded to treatment was lower among participants treated with benzodaziazepines than with placebo, and the dropout rate was lower. The number of people who dropped out of the studies due to side effects was higher in participants receiving benzoduzepine than in those receiving placebo. Furthermore, our analyses of side effects showed that a higher proportion of participants experienced at least one side effect when treated with benzodiazepine compared with placebo. Due to these limitations, our results regarding the efficacy of benzodizepines versus placebo provide only limited guidance for clinical practice. The choice of treatment should therefore be guided by the patient's preference and should balance benefits and harms from treatment in a long-term perspective.
We included 13 small randomised controlled trials (1520 participants) in this review. Seven studies recruited 903 healthy participants, the other studies recruited people with borderline hypertension or hypertension, elderly people at high risk of falling, and people with hypertension with liver and kidney yin deficiency syndrome. The duration and style of tai chi differed between trials. All studies had at least one domain with unclear risk of bias, and some studies were at high-risk of bias for allocation concealment (one study) and selective reporting (two studies). There was also considerable heterogeneity between studies, which meant that it was not possible to combine studies statistically for cardiovascular risk (I2 statistic for systolic blood pressure (SBP) was 96%, for diastolic (lower blood pressure) blood pressure 96%, total cholesterol 96%, low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) 95%, high cholesterol 98%, triglycerides 75%). Nine trials measured blood pressure, six individual trials found reductions in SBP (reductions ranged from -22.0 mmHg (95% confidence interval (CI) -26.3 to -17.7) and two trials found no clear evidence of a difference (however, the CIs were wide and an increase or decrease in blood pressure cannot be ruled out), and one trial found an increase in blood BP with tai-chi. A similar pattern was seen for DBP: three trials found a reduction in DBP, but again with wide CIs. Three trials reported lipid levels (total cholesterol, LDL-C and triglycerides) and found reductions ranged from 1.30 mmol/L to -0.50 mmol/l with the intervention, and increased HDL-C with the treatment. Quality of life was measured in one trial. None of the included trials reported on adverse events, costs or occurrence of type 2 diabetes. Due to the limited evidence available currently no conclusions can be drawn as to the effectiveness of
We searched for studies that compared family-based interventions to no intervention or usual care or school-based programmes to prevent children and adolescents from starting to smoke. Twenty-seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) were included in this review. The interventions were very different in the components of the family intervention, the other risk behaviours targeted alongside tobacco, the age of children at baseline and the length of follow-up. Two interventions were tested by two RCTs, one was tested by three studies and the remaining 20 distinct interventions were only tested by one RCT. We were unable to extract data from all studies in a format that allowed inclusion in a meta-analysis. Most studies had a judgement of 'unclear' for at least one risk of bias criteria, so the quality of evidence was downgraded to moderate. There was moderate quality evidence that family interventions had a positive impact on preventing smoking when compared to a no intervention control. Nine studies (4810 participants) reporting smoking uptake amongst baseline non-smokers could be pooled, but eight studies with about 5000 participants could not be pooled because of insufficient data. The pooled estimate detected a significant reduction in smoking behaviour in the intervention arms (risk ratio [RR] 0.76, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.68 to 0.84). Most of these studies used intensive interventions. Estimates for the medium and low intensity subgroups were similar but confidence intervals were wide. Two studies in which some of the 4487 participants already had smoking experience at baseline did not detect evidence of effect. Eight studies (18,500 participants) compared a combined family plus school intervention to a school intervention only. Of the three studies with data, two studies with outcomes for 2301 baseline never smokers detected evidence of an effect and one study with data for 1096 participants not restricted to never users at baseline also detected a benefit. The other five studies with information on about 18,500 people did not report enough data to be able to
We found three randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) enrolling a total of 451 participants. Two studies compared dexamethasone to placebo, and the third study compared a number of additional interventions in various combinations, including metoclopramide, chlorpromazine, tropisetron, and dexametramide. The duration of the studies ranged from seven to 14 days. We included two studies (127 participants) with data at eight days in the meta-analysis for nausea intensity; no data were available that incorporated the same outcome measures for the third trial. Corticosteroid therapy with dexamETHASone resulted in less nausea (measured on a scale of 0 to 10, with a lower score indicating less nausea) compared to placebo at eight day, although this result was not statistically significant (P = 0.37). Frequency of adverse events was not significantly different between groups. The quality of this evidence was downgraded by three levels, from high to very low due to imprecision, likely selection bias, attrition bias, and small number of participants in the included studies. There are few studies assessing the effects of corticosteroids on nausea and vomiting not related to chemotherapy, radiotherapy, or surgery in adult cancer patients. This review found very low-quality evidence which neither supported nor refuted the use of steroids in this setting. Factors limiting statistical analysis included the lack of standardised measurements of nausea, and differences in the doses, dosages, and comparisons between the studies. Subgroup analysis according to type of cancer was not possible due to insufficient data. Further high quality studies are needed to determine if steroids are efficacious in this condition.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of high-risk children using antibiotics (azithromycin, ciprofloxacin, co-trimoxazole, isoniazid, oral penicillin V or vancomycin) to prevent LRTIs. Three studies included HIV-infected children (1345), four cystic fibrosis ( 429) and one each sickle cell disease (219), cancer (160) and low birth weight neonates with underlying respiratory disorders (40). The study duration ranged from seven days to three years. The quality of the evidence from studies including children with HIV infection, cyst fibrosis or cancer was moderate. Due to inadequate data, we were unable to rate the quality of evidence for two studies: one in children with sickle cells disease (low risk of bias) and another in low birthweight neonates (high risk of biased). In HIV- infected children receiving continuous isoniaZid prophylaxis, there was no significant difference in the incidence of pulmonary tuberculosis (risk ratio (RR) 0.64, 95% CI 0.32 to 1.29, I2 statistic = 47%, P value = 0.21). There was no evidence of an increase in the frequency of adverse events due to antibiotic prophyleaxis (RR 1.10, 95%) or in the number of children with pneumonia (RR 0.67, 95%). There was a significant decrease in Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia with trimethoprim-sulfamethoxade (RR 2.28; 95%CI 0.53 to 0.85, P value < 0.001) in one study. There was also a significant reduction in the rates of hospital admission per child-year of follow-up (RR 3.04, 95%, CI 1.01 to 0%). In children with cancer there was a reduction in lung infections (RR
We included nine randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) comparing different gases for establishing pneumoperitoneum: nitrous oxide (three trials), helium (five trials), or room air (one trial) was compared to carbon dioxide. None of the trials was at low risk of bias. There was insufficient evidence to determine the effects of nitrous and carbon dioxide on cardiopulmonary complications (two studies; 140 participants; very low quality of evidence), or surgical complications (three studies; 143 participants, very low-quality evidence). There were no serious adverse events related to either of these gases. We could not combine data from two trials (140 participants) which individually showed lower pain scores (a difference of about one visual analogue score on a scale of 1 to 10 with lower numbers indicating less pain) at various time points on the first postoperative day, and this was rated asvery low quality evidence. Evidence from one trial of small sample size suggests that using room air pneumopitoneum may decrease hospital costs in people undergoing laparoscopic abdominal surgery. The evidence of lower hospital costs and reduced pain during the first day after the operation, compared with using carbon dioxide, is uncertain. The quality of the current evidence is very low. Further trials on this topic are needed, and should compare various gases (i.e. nitrous gas, helium, argon, nitrogen, and room air) with carbon dioxide under standard pressure (pneumatic) airway with cold gas insufflation for people with high anaesthetic risk. Future trials should include outcomes such as complications, serious side effects, quality of life, and pain.
This review identified 14 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) investigating the effects of different doses of corticosteroids in preterm infants. Eight studies enrolling a total of 303 infants investigated the cumulative dosage administered; three studies compared a high versus a moderate dose; and five studies a moderate versus a low cumulative dose. Analysis of the studies investigating a moderate dexamethasone dose versus a high-dosage regimen showed an increased risk of BPD (typical risk ratio (RR) 1.50, 95% CI 1.01 to 2.22; typical risk difference (RD) 0.26; number needed to treat for an additional harmful outcome (NNTH) 4) 4; I² = 0%, 2 studies, 55 infants) as well as an increased incidence of abnormal neurodevelopmental outcome (average NNTH 8.33; 95%CI 1.63 to 42.48; RD 0.30; NNsNTH 4, 95%) when using a moderate cumulative dose regimen. There were no differences in outcomes between a moderate- and a low-dose regimen. Four other studies enrolleding 762 infants investigated early initiation of dexametan therapy versus a moderately early or delayed initiation and showed no significant differences in the primary outcomes. The two RCTs investigating a continuous versus a pulse regimen showed a higher risk of the combined outcome death or BPD when using the pulse therapy. Finally, two trials investigating a standard regimen versus a participant-individualized course of treatment showed no difference in outcomes and long-term outcomes. Despite the fact that some studies reported a modulating effect of treatment regimens in favor of higher-dose regimens, recommendations on the optimal dose, the optimal dosage, or the optimal timing of initiation cannot be made based on current level of evidence. The quality of evidence for all comparisons discussed above was assessed as low or very low, because the
The review of trials found that there was little evidence that steroids reduced the risk of heart disease in patients with acute rheumatic fever. However, the trials were of poor quality and the results should be interpreted with caution because of the age of the studies and the substantial risk of bias. New randomised controlled trials are warranted to assess the effects of corticosteroids such as oral prednisone and intravenous methylprednisolone and other new anti-inflammatory agents. Advances in echocardiography will allow more objective and precise assessments of cardiac outcomes.
We included six studies with a total of 12,294 participants from 79 communities. Two studies that assessed insecticide spray as a fly control measure found that trachoma is reduced by at least 55% to 61% with this measure compared to no intervention. However, another study did not find this to be effective. One study found that another control measure, latrine provision, reduced the number of trachomatous flies in the community by 29.5% but this was, however, not statistically significantly different and findings have not been confirmed by a more recent study. Another study revealed that health education reduced the incidence of the disease in one study but these findings were not confirmed by another study, which found that a modest health education programme with modest water supply did not reduce the incidence. Generally, all the studies have some methodological concerns. There is some evidence from two trials that insecticides are effective in reducing trachomas; however, this effect was not demonstrated in another trial that used insecticides. Two trials on the use of the latrine as a control measure have not demonstrated significant trchoma reduction. Generally there is a dearth of data to determine the effectiveness of all aspects of environmental sanitation in the control of tratchoma. There are some concerns about the quality of the included studies.
The review of trials found that CBT is effective in reducing the symptoms of fatigue at post-treatment compared with usual care, and may be more effective than other psychological therapies in reducing fatigue symptoms compared with fatigue symptoms. The evidence base at follow-up is limited to a small group of studies with inconsistent findings. There is a lack of evidence on the comparative effectiveness of CBT alone or in combination with other treatments, and further studies are required to inform the development of effective treatment programmes for people with CFS.
We found only one randomised controlled trial (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 46 people with sickle cell disease. Of the 46 enrolled participants, seven participants withdrew before randomisation leaving 39 participants who were randomised. Participants were given either vitamin D3 (cholecalciferol) for six weeks or placebo (a pretend treatment). Participants were followed up to six months. Only 25 participants completed the full six months of follow up. Two participants from the treatment group have missing values of baseline serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D, therefore the number of samples analysed was 37. The vitamin D group had significantly higher levels of vitamin D (25(OH)D) at eight weeks, at 16 weeks, and at 24 weeks, compared to the placebo group. However, the difference was not significant at both 16 weeks and 24 weeks. There was no significant difference of adverse events (tingling of lips or hands) between the vitamin D and placebo groups, but the quality of the evidence was low. Regarding the frequency of pain days, participants receiving vitamin D had significantly fewer pain days compared to those receiving placebo, but again, this result was based on low quality evidence. Furthermore, the review included physical functioning PedsQL scores which was reported as absolute change from baseline. Vitamin D had a lower (worse) health-related quality of life score than placebo group but this was not statistically significant. The quality of evidence for this outcome was low and we consider that the evidence is not of sufficient quality to guide clinical practice. Until further evidence becomes available, clinicians should consider the relevant existing guidelines for vitamin D supplementation (e.g. the Endocrine Society Clinical Practice Guidelines) and dietary reference intakes for calcium and vitamin D.
This review includes only one randomised controlled trial (RCT), which recruited 26 children aged 4 to 12 years, with mild to moderate CAS of unknown cause, and compared two interventions: the Nuffield Dyspraxia Programme-3 (NDP-3) and the Rapid Syllable Transitions Treatment (ReST) in a university clinic in Australia. Treatments were delivered intensively in one-hour sessions, four days a week for three weeks. Speech pathology students delivered the treatments in the English language. Outcomes were assessed before therapy, immediately after therapy, at one month and four months post-therapy. A number of cases in each cohort had recommenced usual treatment by their speech and language pathologist between one month or four months after the end of treatment. No formal analyses were conducted to compare NDP-3 and ReST by the original study authors, hence one treatment cannot be reliably advocated over the other. We are also unable to say whether either treatment is better than no treatment or treatment as usual. We judged all core outcome domains to be low risk of bias. We downgraded the quality of the evidence by one level to moderate due to imprecision, given that only one RCT was identified. Further RCTs replicating this study would strengthen the evidence base. Similarly, further trials of other interventions, in other age ranges and populations with CAS and with co-occurring disorders, are needed.
We found four randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that randomised a total of 268 participants with toxoplasma retinochoroiditis to receive either antibiotics or placebo. One study conducted in Brazil in both adults and children compared trimethoprim-sulfamexacocol to no treatment and was judged to be at high risk of bias due to poor reporting of study methods. The other three studies compared antibiotic treatment to placebo. We judged these three studies to be of low or unclear quality due to lack of reporting. In all four studies antibiotic was administered orally. Only the study in Brazil, in participants with healed lesions, reported the effect of treatment on visual acuity. People treated with antibiotics may have a similar change in vision at one year compared with people treated with placebo. Treatment with antibiotics probably reduces the risk of recurrent eye infection compared with placebo, but there is currently no good evidence that this leads to better visual outcomes. However, absence of evidence of effect is not the same as evidence of no effect. Two studies (UK and US studies) reported an increased risk of adverse events in treated participants. These were a fall in haemoglobin, leucocyte, and platelet count, nausea, loss of appetite, rash, and arthralgia. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for all outcomes.
We included 43 randomised controlled trials with a total of 3749 participants. Twenty-two trials (3749 participants) compared the Gamma nail with the sliding hip screw. The Gamma nail was associated with increased risk of operative and later fracture of the femur and increased reoperation rate. There were no major differences between implants in wound infection, mortality or medical complications. Five trials (623 participants) of other nail versus extramedullary implant comparisons for trochanteric fractures provided sufficient evidence to establish definite differences between the implants under test. Results for post-operative complications, mortality and functional outcomes were similar in both groups. Three trials (394 participants) showed no difference in fracture fixation complications, reoperation, wound infection and length of hospital stay for the proximal femoral nail (PFN) versus the SHS. None of the 10 trials (1491 participants) comparing nail versus implant comparison for non-rotational fractures provided enough evidence to show definite differences in complication rates. Two trials (65 participants) found that nails were associated with less fracture fixation complication than fixed nail plates for unstable fractures at the level of the lesser trochanters. However, further studies are required to confirm whether more recently developed designs of intrameducary nail avoid the complications of previous nails. Intramedulary nails may have advantages over fixed angle plates for subtrochanter-type fractures, but more studies are needed.
We found only one study that met our inclusion criteria and was included in the review. It analysed retrospective data for 47 women who received either palliative surgery (n = 27) or medical management with a drug called Octreotide. It reported overall survival and perioperative mortality and morbidity. Women with poor performance status were excluded from surgery. Quality of life (QoL) was not reported and adverse events were incompletely documented. We found only low quality evidence comparing surgical management and medical management for bowel obstruction in ovarian cancer. Therefore we are unable to reach definite conclusions about the relative benefits and harms of the two forms of treatment, or to identify sub-groups of women who are likely to benefit from one treatment or the other. However, there is weak evidence in support of surgical management to prolong survival.
Four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) met the inclusion criteria for this review. They comprised a total of 244 women with PCOS receiving 12 weeks or 6 weeks of treatment. Two trials (184 women randomised) studied the effects of simvastatin and two RCTs (60 women) looked at the effect of atorvastatine. There was no good evidence that statins improved menstrual regularity, spontaneous ovulation rate, hirsutism or acne, either alone or in combination with the combined oral contraceptive pill (OCP). Nor were there any significant effects on body mass index (BMI). Statins were effective in lowering testosterone levels (nmol/L) when used alone or with the OCP. Statins also improved total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and triglycerides but had no significant effect on total lipid profiles (HDL, high sensitivity (HS) C-reactive protein (HS-CRP), fasting insulin or homeostatic model assessment (HOMA) insulin resistance). No serious adverse events were reported in any of the included studies. There is a need for further research to be performed with large sample sizes and well-designed trials to assess clinical outcomes.
We found no randomised controlled trials to support or refute the use of any of the proposed interventions compared with radiotherapy. We identified only observational data from single-arm studies of women treated with formalin-soaked packs, interventional radiology or radiotherapy techniques for palliative control of vaginal bleeding in women with cervical cancer. Radiotherapy techniques are not readily available in resource-poor settings, where advanced cases of cervical cancer are predominant. Therefore, the choice of intervention will be based on local resources.
The review of trials found that when given in combination with radiotherapy, temozolomide was more effective than radiotherapy alone in terms of survival and progression-free survival (PFS) in patients with glioblastoma multiforme (GBM), but these benefits only appear to emerge when therapy is given in both concomitant and adjuvant phases of treatment. In patients with recurrent GBM, it did not appear to have a significant effect on quality of life (QoL) but it did increase the time taken for tumours to shrink and delay progression. In the elderly, it appears comparable to radiotherapy but with a higher instance of adverse events. It may have benefits on QoL without increasing adverse events but it does not improve overall.
We found two studies that investigated the effectiveness of contracting-in and intermittent training courses for district health system managers. The findings of one study conducted in Cambodia provide low quality evidence that private contracts with international nongovernmental organizations (NGOs) for districthealth systems management ('contracting-in') may improve health care access and utilization. However, contracting in was not found to have an effect on population health outcomes. The other study provides low quality data from three countries in Latin America, where managers who did not receive the intermittent training course had between 2.4 and 8.3 times more management deficiencies than managers who received the training courses. No studies that aimed to investigate interventions for retaining district health systems managers met our study selection criteria for inclusion in this review. Other interventions that might be promising candidates for hiring and retaining (e.g., government regulations, professional support programs) as well as training district health workers have not been adequately investigated. More evidence is required before firm conclusions can be drawn regarding the effectiveness (or lack of effectiveness) of these interventions in diverse settings.
We included three studies that involved 123 people. The methods used for blinding the participants and researchers to the treatment group were not reported, but as the comparison is surgical treatment with medical treatment this bias is hard to avoid. Out of the 123 people randomized and treated, six people died; the causes of death were pneumonia, pulmonary embolism, mediastinitis, and septic shock. All three studies reported on mortality, and deaths occurred in two studies. There was no clear evidence of a difference in mortality between treatment groups (risk ratio (RR) 0.56, 95% CI 0.13 to 2.42); however, the analysis was underpowered to detect a difference between groups. Among people randomized to surgery, there were reductions in pneumonia, chest deformity, tracheostomy, duration of mechanical ventilation, and length of intensive care unit stay (ICU). Due to differences in reporting, we could not combine the results and have listed them separately. Chest pain, chest tightness, bodily pain, and adverse effects were each measured in one study. The results of this review are based on three small studies that showed surgical treatment was preferable to nonsurgical management in reducing the occurrence of pneumonia (three studies, 123 participants), chest deformities (two studies, 86 participants), and trachesostomy. There were no clear differences in the length of time spent in the ICU between the two treatment groups. Further well-designed studies with a sufficient sample size are required to confirm these results and to detect possible surgical effects on mortality.
Cerivastatin is an anti-cholesterolemia drug that is used to lower blood cholesterol. This review of 50 trials (19 randomised controlled trials and 31 before-and-after studies) evaluated the effect of the drug on cholesterol in 12,877 participants who had their LDL cholesterol measured. The participants were of any age with and without cardiovascular disease and the trials studied the effects within a treatment period of three to 12 weeks. When compared to fluvastatin (a drug that lowers cholesterol) and atorvastat (an anticoagulant) and rosuvastin (a medicine that lowers triglycerides) in reducing cholesterol, we found strong evidence that the drug was about 250-fold more potent at reducing cholesterol compared to all three drugs. We also found evidence that it was 233-fold greater at reducing total cholesterol, 18-fold at least as potent as atorvanastatin, and six-fold stronger at reducing triglycerides. We did not find any evidence of harms associated with the drug. We judged the certainty of evidence for these effects to be high. There was a high risk of bias for the outcome withdrawals due to adverse effects, but a low risk for the lipid measurements. Withdrawals due to side effects were not different between the drug and placebo in 11 of the 19 short-term trials. The LDL cholesterol, total cholesterol and triglyceride lowering effect of this drug was linearly dependent on the dose range.
We included 28 studies which randomised a total of 6851 patients undergoing major heart and vascular surgery in which renal ischaemia reperfusion injury may occur. The evidence is current to May 2015. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, and the UK. The mean age of the patients was between 65 and 77 years. The average age of participants was between 55 and 77.5 years. Most studies were funded by the National Institutes of Health Research (NIHR) or the National Institute of Health (NIH) Research Council. The majority of studies were carried out in the 1980s and 1990s. The trials were conducted at a number of centres in the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom. Most of the studies were of high quality. We found that remote ischaemic preconditioning made little or no difference to the reduction of serum creatinine, adverse effects, need for dialysis, length of hospital stay, death and in the incidence of acute kidney injury. Serious adverse events occurred in four patients who had their iliac clamps clamped. It is uncertain whether remote has an increased risk of increased adverse effects compared to control because the certainty of the evidence is low (15 studies, 3993 participants: RR 3.47, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.55 to 21.76; I2 = 0.76). Only two of 15 studies reported any adverse effects (6/1999 in the control group and 1/1994 in the intervention group) and the remaining 13 studies stated no adverse effects were observed in either group (high quality evidence). Compared to control, remote has no effect on the need to be on dialysis (13 studies, 2417 participants; RR 0.85, 95%, CI 0.37 to 1.94; I 2 = 60%; high quality evidence) or death (24 studies, 4931 participants; RIFLE criteria 0.86,
We included 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 703 participants in this review. Eight trials primarily investigated the efficacy in treating PSF, of which six trials with seven comparisons provided data suitable for meta-analysis (five pharmacological interventions: fluoxetine, enerion, (-)-OSU6162, citicoline and a combination of Chinese herbs; and two non-pharmacological interventions, a fatigue education programme and a mindfulness-based stress reduction programme). The fatigue severity was lower in the intervention groups than in the control groups (244 participants, pooled SMD -1.07, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.93 to -0.21), with significant heterogeneity between trials (I2 = 87%, degrees of freedom (df) = 6, P value < 0.00001). The beneficial effect was not seen in trials that had used adequate allocation concealment (two trials, 89 participants) or trials that used adequate blinding of outcome assessors (four trials, 198 participants). Four trials (248 participants) did not primarily investigate the efficacy on fatigue but other symptoms after stroke. None of these interventions showed any benefit on reducing PSF. There was insufficient evidence on the efficacy of any intervention to treat or prevent fatigue after stroke, which included tirilazad mesylate, continuous positive airway pressure for sleep apnoea, antidepressants and a self management programme for recovery from chronic diseases. Trials to date have been small and heterogeneous, and some have had a high risk of bias. Some of the interventions described were feasible in people with stroke, but their efficacy should be investigated in RCTs with a more robust study design and adequate sample sizes.
We identified three randomised controlled trials enrolling 74 preterm infants (outcome data available on 71 infants) that evaluated interventions for hyperkalaemia. The number of infants enrolled in the three trials was very small with 12 (Malone 1991), 19 (Singh 2002) and 40 infants enrolled (Hu 1999). The intervention and the outcome assessments could not be blinded to the clinical staff in two trials. In none of the trials could we ascertain that allocation to the comparison groups was concealed. It appears that the combination of insulin and glucose is preferred over treatment with rectal cation-resin for high blood potassium levels in preterm babies. No serious side effects were noted with either combination. The two interventions could possibly be tested against each other. The effectiveness of other potentially effective interventions (diuretics, exchange transfusion, peritoneal dialysis and calcium) have not been tested. In view of the limited information from small studies of uncertain quality, no firm recommendations for clinical practice can be made.
This review of trials found that IVIg given within two weeks of onset of severe disease hastens recovery compared with supportive treatment alone. There were no trials in adults, but this review provides moderate quality evidence that, in severe disease, IVIG started within two week from onset hastens the recovery as much as PE. In children, according to low quality evidence, IVIs given after PE is probably faster than supportive care alone. More research is needed in mild disease and in patients whose treatment starts more than two weeks after onset. One trial in altogether 51 children showed no significant difference when the standard dose was given over two days rather than five days. Dose-ranging studies are also needed and one is in progress.
We included 28 randomized clinical trials (9330 participants) in this review. In 21 trials reporting relevant outcomes for this review, 7597 participants were randomly assigned to a high fraction of inspired oxygen versus a routine fraction of oxygen. In trials with an overall low risk of bias, the risk of dying from any cause was not increased. Similarly, when all trials were included, there was no difference between the high fraction and the routine fraction in all-cause mortality. In a trial sequential analysis, the required information size was not reached and the analysis could not refute a 20% increase in mortality. The risk of surgical site infection was not reduced by the use of a high percentage of oxygen during anaesthesia and surgery. In nine trials using preoperative antibiotics, a high proportion of oxygen was associated with a decrease in surgical site infections. In five trials adequately blinded for the outcome assessment, a similar effect was noted in the five trials where participants were not blinded to the type of oxygen they received. We did not observe a beneficial effect of a higher fraction of airway oxygen on the rate of serious adverse events or length of stay. The overall quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. This means that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect and may change the estimate.
We found 25 randomised controlled trials (3663 children) covering a range of antibiotics, participants, outcome measures and time points for evaluation. Two trials did not report on any of the outcomes of interest, leaving 23 trials (3258 children) to include in this review. We found moderate quality evidence (six trials including 484 children) that children treated with oral antibiotics are more likely to have complete resolution of OME at two to three months post-randomisation (primary outcome) than those allocated to the control treatment (five trials, 742 children). However, there is evidence (albeit of low quality) that these children are more than twice as likely to experience diarrhoea, vomiting or skin rash when treated with antibiotics. The impact of antibiotics on short-term hearing is uncertain and low quality evidence did not show that oral antibiotics were associated with fewer ventilation tube insertions. Furthermore, we found no data on other important outcomes such as speech, language and cognitive development or quality of life. None of the trials reported data on speech or language development, cognitive development and quality of the life of the child. The overall quality of evidence was moderate for the primary outcome of complete resolution at any time point and low to moderate for other outcomes. This review presents evidence of both benefits and harms associated with the use of oral antibiotics to treat children up to 16 years with OME. This has specifically been linked to the widespread use of antibiotics for common conditions such as otitis media. Even in situations where clear and relevant benefits of antibiotics have been demonstrated, these must always be carefully balanced against adverse effects and the emergence of bacterial resistance. This plain language summary was adapted by the review authors from a summary originally written by Ben Gray, Senior Peer Researcher, McPin Foundation (http://mcpin.org/).
The review of trials found that reducing protein intake appears to slightly slow progression to renal failure but not statistically significantly so. However, questions concerning the level of protein intake and compliance remain. Further longer-term research on large representative groups of patients with both type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus is necessary. Because of the variability amongst patients, there might perhaps be a six month therapeutic trial of protein restriction in all individuals, with continuation only in those who responded best. Trials are required of different types of protein. We found no data on the effects of LPDs on health-related quality of life and costs.
We found 19 studies involving 3480 people. Twelve studies were of good methodological quality and seven were of lower quality, according to the van Tulder scoring system. Within the subgroup of predominantly mild brain injury, we found evidence that most individuals made a good recovery when appropriate information was provided, without the need for additional specific interventions. For moderate to severe injury, there was strong evidence that more intensive rehabilitation programmes are associated with earlier functional gains, and'moderate evidence' suggested that continued outpatient therapy could help to sustain gains made in early post-acute rehabilitation. The context of multi-disciplinary rehabilitation appears to influence outcomes. 'Strong evidence' supports the use of a milieu-oriented model for patients with severe brain injury in which comprehensive cognitive rehabilitation takes place in a therapeutic environment and involves a peer group of patients. Group-based rehabilitation in a therapy-oriented milieu (where patients undergo neuropsychological rehabilitation in an environment where they share similar challenges with a group of individuals who are also facing similar challenges) represents an effective approach for patients requiring rehabilitation following brain injury. Not all questions in rehabilitation can be addressed by randomised controlled trials or other experimental approaches. For example, trial-based literature does not tell us which treatments work best for which patients over the long term, and which models of service represent value for money in the context of life-long care. In the future, such questions will need to be considered alongside practice-based evidence gathered from large systematic cohort studies conducted in the contexts of routine clinical practice. The balance between intensity and cost-effectiveness has yet to be determined.
We included one randomised controlled trial (involving 176 women) in this review. This trial compared rooming-in versus separate care (separate care) for full mother-infant separation. We combined the results of three of the four groups as the intervention (rooming-in) group and the fourth group acted as the control group. We analysed the results as a single pair-wise comparison. There was no difference found between the two groups in the proportion of infants receiving any breastfeeding at six months of age (low-quality evidence). We found no difference in duration of any breastfeeding between the groups. The mean frequency of breastfeeds per day on day four postpartum was 8.3 (standard deviation (SD) 2.2), slightly higher than the separate care group, i.e. seven times per day. However, the between-group comparison of this outcome was not appropriate since every infant in the group was breastfed at a fixed schedule (SD = 0) resulting in no estimable comparison. The rate of exclusive breastfeeding before discharge from hospital was significantly higher in the rooming in group 86% (99 of 115) compared with 45% (17 of 38) in the separate-care group. None of our other pre-specified secondary outcomes were reported. We found little evidence to support or refute the practice of rooming or separate care for mother and infant separation. Further well-designed RCTs are needed.
The review of trials found that sanchi may be beneficial and safe for acute ischaemic stroke in this review, but the small sample and inferior quality of studies prevented a definite conclusion. More well-designed randomised controlled trials are required.
This review of trials found that there is not enough evidence from randomised controlled trials to determine whether there are any advantages or disadvantages of immediate, immediate-delayed or delayed implant placement. There is a suggestion that immediate implant placement may be at higher risks of implant failures and complications than delayed implants but on the other hand the aesthetic outcome might be better when placing implants just after teeth extraction. There was not enough reliable evidence supporting or refuting the need for augmentation procedures at immediate implants placed in fresh extraction sockets or whether any of the augmentation techniques is superior to the others. These preliminary conclusions are based on few underpowered trials often judged to be at high risk of bias.
The aim of this review was to assess the effectiveness and safety of clioquinol (PBT1) in people with mild Alzheimer's dementia. We found two randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are allocated at random to one of two or more treatment groups) which compared PBT1 with placebo (a pretend drug) in 36 patients with mild or moderate dementia. There was no significant difference in cognition (as measured on the Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale - Cognition (ADAS-Cog)) between the active treatment and placebo groups at 36 weeks. The difference in mean change from baseline ADAS-cog score was 7.37 (95% confidence interval (CI) 1.51 to 13.24) and 6.36 (CI -0.50 to 13). The second trial of PBT2 was more rigorously conducted and showed that after 12 weeks this compound appeared to be safe and well tolerated. There were no significant effects on cognition on the Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) or ADAS -Cog scales. One participant in the PBT group developed neurological symptoms (impaired visual acuity and colour vision) which resolved on cessation of treatment and were possibly attributable to the drug. In the second trial a successor compound, PBT 2, was compared with placebo in 78 participants with mild dementia; all were included in the intention-to-treat analysis. There is no significant effect on cognition or memory between the two groups at week 12. However, two executive function component tests of the NTB showed significant improvement over placebo in the group from baseline to week 12: category fluency test (2.8 words, 95% CI 0.1 to 5.4; P = 0.041) and trail making part B (-48.0 s) (-83.0 to -13.0). In the executive factor Z score, the difference in least squares mean change was 0·27 (0
We included 36 studies with 2999 participants (with pulmonary hypertension from all causes) in the final review. Trials were conducted for 14 weeks on average, with some as long as 12 months. Nineteen trials included group 1 PAH participants, and two trials specifically included children. PDE5 inhibitors appear to have clear beneficial effects in PAH. There was an increased risk of adverse events, especially headache, gastrointestinal upset, flushing, muscle aches and joint pains, and a small improvement in functional class in those with PH-left-heart disease compared to those on placebo. However, there was no evidence of a difference in the number of deaths between those treated with and those on PDE- inhibitors. The quality of the evidence was low due to imprecision of effect and heterogeneity across trials.
We included 22 randomised controlled trials involving a total of 2193 participants who received regional anaesthesia for hand, wrist, forearm or elbow surgery. The evidence is current to September 2014. The trials compared nerve stimulation with either single or double injections of local anaesthesia. The quality of the evidence was high for the comparison of multiple injections versus single injections, and high-quality evidence for the comparisons of multiple versus double injections. We found evidence that multiple-injection techniques using nerve stimulation for axillary plexus block produce more effective anaesthesia than either double or single injection techniques. However, there was insufficient evidence to draw any definitive conclusions regarding differences in other outcomes, including safety. Compared with multiple injections, the time for block performance was shorter for single injection and double injections, however there was no difference in time to readiness for surgery. Tourniquet pain was significantly reduced with multiple injection compared with double injection. Otherwise there were no statistically significant differences between groups in any of the three comparisons on secondary analgesia failure, complications and patient discomfort.
We found three studies that used beclomethasone 200 mcg twice daily delivered by dry powder Diskhaler to treat children with mild-moderate asthma. These studies lasted a maximum of 54 weeks, so it remains unclear whether the decrease in growth is sustained or whether it reverses with 'catch up' after therapy is discontinued. We are unable to comment on growth effects of other inhaled steroids that have potentially less systemic effects. We recommend using the minimum dose that effectively controls the child's asthma and closely following growth.
The review of trials found that APD has not been shown to have significant advantages over CAPD in terms of important clinical outcomes. APD may however be considered advantageous in select group of patients such as in the younger PD population and those in employment or education due to its psychosocial advantages.
This review of 37 trials (9312 patients) found that CRT was superior to RT in terms of overall survival (OS), progression-free survival (PFS) and progression/relapse (SM) in patients with early stage (I-II) HD. The superiority of CRT also applied to early and advanced stages (mainly IIIA) separately. This effect, also seen in AL and ST separately, was due directly to first-line treatment.  Data were insufficient to compare RT to CT. SM was better with CRT for early stages only. SM risk was higher in early stages alone. For advanced stages of HD, CRT seems to be better than CT for preventing progression and relapse but CT alone seems to cause less SM.  RT alone gives a higher overall SM risk than CRT due to increased need for salvage therapy. Reduced SM risk after IF-RT instead of EF-RT could not be demonstrated. Due to the large number of studies excluded because no IPD were received, to the inclusion of many outdated treatments and to the limited amount of long-term data, one must be cautious in applying these results to current therapies.
We found 26 studies with 27 treatment groups that enrolled a total of 4893 participants. Twenty five of the studies were case series or uncontrolled long-term trial continuations, the other was an RCT comparing two opioids. Opioids were administered orally (number of study treatments groups [abbreviated as "k"] = 12, n = 3040), transdermally, or intrathecally. Many participants discontinued due to adverse effects (oral: 22.9% [95% confidence interval (CI): 15.3% to 32.8%], transdermal: 12.1%, and intrathecal: 8.9%), or insufficient pain relief. Many minor adverse events (like nausea and headache) occurred, but serious adverse events, including iatrogenic opioid addiction, were rare. Signs of opioid addiction were reported in 0.27% of participants in the studies that reported that outcome. All three modes of administration were associated with clinically significant reductions in pain, but the amount of pain relief varied among studies. Findings regarding quality of life and functional status were inconclusive due to an insufficient quantity of evidence for oral administration studies and inconclusive statistical findings for transdermatic (interiorly) administration studies.
We found only one trial with a total of 212 participants, all with spinal cord injury and open pressure ulcers classed as stage III and IV. This trial compared oxandrolone (20 mg/day, administered orally) with a dose of placebo (an inactive substance consisting of 98% starch and 2% magnesium stearate) and reported data on complete healing of ulcers and adverse events. The participants were mainly male (98.2%, 106/108) and had a mean age of 58.4 (standard deviation 10.4) years with a mean of 57.3 in the placebo group. The trial stopped early when the futility analysis (interim analysis) in the opinion of the study authors showed no benefit over placebo for improving ulcer healing. There was no high quality evidence to support the use of anabolic steroids in treating pressure ulcer. We assessed the certainty of the evidence as very low. The included trial did not report on pain, length of hospital stay, change in wound size or wound surface area, incidence of different type of infection, cost of treatment and quality of life. Overall the evidence in this study was of very low quality (downgraded for imprecision and indirectness). This study was stopped early due to lack of benefit. We are uncertain whether oxandolone increases or decreases the risk of serious adverse events as we assessed the evidence of the certainty as very-low. There is no high-quality evidence to recommend the use anabolic steroid drugs for treating pressure Ulcers. Further well-designed, multicenter trials, at low risk of bias, are necessary.
We included six randomised controlled trials involving 8372 people. Four trials compared email communication to standard mail and two compared email to usual care. All trials were judged to be at high risk of bias for at least one domain. The evidence on the use of email for the provision of information on disease prevention and health promotion was weak, and therefore inadequate to inform clinical practice. The available trials mostly provide inconclusive, or no evidence for the outcomes of interest in this review. Future research needs to use high-quality study designs that take advantage of the most recent developments in information technology, with consideration of the complexity of email as an intervention.
The review includes 11 trials involving 855 participants. A total of nine studies used post-Epley postural restrictions as their modification of the Epley manoeuvre. There was no evidence of a difference in the results for post-treatment vertigo intensity or subjective assessment of improvement in individual or pooled data. All nine trials included the conversion of a positive to a negative Dix-Hallpike test as an outcome measure. Pooled data identified a significant difference from the addition of postural restriction in the frequency of conversion of the test from positive to negative. In the experimental group 88.7% (220 out of 248) patients compared to 78.2% (219 out of 280) in the control group converted from a positive Dix to negative test. No serious adverse effects were reported, however three studies reported minor complications such as neck stiffness, horizontal BPPV, dizziness and disequilibrium in some patients. No evidence of benefit was found of mastoid oscillation applied during the E pley, or of additional steps in the manoeuvre, but no adverse effects have been reported. There is evidence supporting a statistically significant effect of post-postural restrictions in comparison to the use of posture restrictions alone. However, it is important to note that this is only a small improvement in treatment efficacy. The additional intervention has a number needed to treat (NNT) of 10. This is a reduction in the number of patients required to perform the manoeuvres in order to achieve a clinically acceptable level of improvement. Postural restrictions do not expose the majority of patients to risk of harm, does not pose a major inconvenience, and can be routinely discussed and advised. Specific patients who experience discomfort due to wearing a cervical collar and inconvenience in sleeping upright may be treated with the Eclere alone and still expect to be cured in most instances. Neither treatment is associated with adverse outcomes. Further studies should employ a rigorous randomisation technique, blinded outcome assessment, a post
This review included four studies with a total of 231 participants. The studies compared different types of surgery versus various types and doses of systemic and topical steroids and antibiotics. There were three comparison pairs: (1) endoscopic sinus surgery (ESS) versus systemic steroids (one study, 109 participants); (2) polypectomy (two studies, 87 participants); and (3) ESS plus topical steroid versus antibiotics plus high-dose topical steroid). All participants also received topical steroids but doses and types were the same between the treatment arms of each study, except for the study using antibiotics. In that study, the medical treatment arm had higher doses than the surgical arm. Complications Complication rates were not reported in all studies, but rates of up to 21% for medical treatment and 14.3% for surgical treatment are described. Epistaxis was the most commonly reported complication with both medical and surgical treatments, with severe complications reported rarely. No differences were found for any objective measurements or olfactory tests in those studies in which they were measured. As the overall evidence is of very low quality (serious methodological limitations, reporting bias, indirectness and imprecision) and insufficient to draw firm conclusions, further research to investigate this problem, which has significant implications for quality of life and healthcare service usage, is justified. The quality of this evidence is low or very low. The one positive finding from amongst the several studies examining a number of different comparisons must be treated with appropriate caution, in particular when the clinical significance of the measure is uncertain.
We included eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 709 participants. Seven of the trials were from middle-income countries of Asia, Africa, Europe, and Latin America where zinc deficiency is likely to be a public health problem. Four trials compared the effect of zinc-fortified staple foods with unfortified foods (comparison 1), and four compared the same foods in combination with other nutrients/factors with other foods containing other nutrients or factors without zinc. The interventions lasted between one and nine months. None of the studies in comparison 1 reported data on zinc deficiency. In comparison 2, participants consuming foods fortified with zinc versus participants consuming the same food without zinc had similar risk of underweight and stunting (low-quality evidence). A single trial of adding zinc to iron in wheat flour did not find a reduction in the proportion of participants with zinc deficiency (very low quality evidence). No trial in comparison 2 provided information about underweight or stunting. There was no reported adverse effect of fortification of foods with zinc on indicators of iron or copper status. The evidence is up to date as of April 2018. We found that foods fortified in combination of other nutrients may increase the serum or plasma zinc levels compared to foods without added zinc. However, if zinc is the only micronutrient used for fortification, it may make little or no difference to the serum zinc status of populations. If zinc is added to food in addition to other nutrients and/or factors, the effects of this intervention on other outcomes including zinc deficiency, children’s growth, cognition, work capacity of adults, or on haematological indicators are unknown. Given the small number of trials and participants in each trial, further investigation of these outcomes is required.
We included 11 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) involving 3060 men with metastatic prostate cancer. The evidence is current to September 2015. The review found that men with advanced prostate cancer treated with non-steroidal antiandrogen monotherapy were less likely to live for longer than those who received medical or surgical castration alone, and were more likely to experience side effects, such as breast pain, gynaecomastia and hot flashes. The risk of treatment discontinuation due to side effects was higher in men treated with antiandrogens compared with castration. The quality of the evidence was moderate for overall survival, clinical progression and treatment failure. The effect of the use of antiandrogens on cancer-specific survival and biochemical progression was unclear. The results of this review should be interpreted with caution as the quality of evidence is hampered by risk of bias.
We found eight eligible trials that included 600,000 women in the analyses in the age range 39 to 74 years. Three trials with adequate randomisation did not show a statistically significant reduction in breast cancer mortality at 13 years (relative risk (RR) 0.90, 95% confidence interval 0.79 to 1.02); four trials with suboptimal randomisation showed a significant reduction (RR of 0.75 (95% CI 0.67 to 0.83). The RR for all seven trials combined was 0.81. We found that breast cancer deaths was an unreliable outcome that was biased in favour of screening, mainly because of differential misclassification of cause of death. Four trials with inadequate randomisation found no effect of screening on total cancer mortality or on all-cause mortality after 13 years. The trials that found an effect found no difference in the use of radiotherapy or chemotherapy after 10 years. If we assume that screening reduces the risk of death from breast cancer by 15% and that overdiagnosis and overtreatment is at 30%, it means that for every 2000 women invited for screening throughout 10 years, one will avoid dying of breast cancer and 10 healthy women, who would not have been diagnosed if there had not been screening, will be treated unnecessarily. Furthermore, more than 200 women will experience important psychological distress including anxiety and uncertainty for years because of false positive findings. To help ensure that the women are fully informed before they decide whether or not to attend screening, we have written an evidence-based leaflet for lay people that is available in several languages on www.cochrane.dk.
We included four randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 522 women in the review. Three studies investigated 10,000 units of hCG priming compared to no priming. One study investigated 20,000 unit hCG compared to 10, and the fourth study investigated 400 women. All four studies included women with PCOS. One of these studies did not report outcomes per woman randomised, and so was not included in formal analysis. We found no conclusive evidence that priming had an effect on live birth, pregnancy, or miscarriage rates in IVM. The quality of the evidence was low, the main limitations being lack of blinding and imprecision. There was low quality evidence that suggested that hCG may reduce clinical pregnancy rates, however, these findings were limited by the small number of data included. No data were available on adverse events (other than miscarriage) or on drug reactions. We need further evidence from well-designed randomised trials before we can come to definitive conclusions about the role of priming and the optimal dose and timing. We rated all four studies as having an unclear risk of bias in more than one of the seven domains assessed.
The review of trials found that both ERT and HRT do not prevent cognitive decline in older postmenopausal women when given as short term or longer term (up to five years) therapy. It is not known whether either specific types of ERT or HRT have specific effects in subgroups of women, although there was evidence that combined hormone therapy in similarly aged women was associated with a decrement in a number of verbal memory tests and a small improvement in a test of figural memory. Results from smaller trials assessing effects on individual cognitive domains mostly reported no evidence of benefit. It remains to be determined whether factors such as younger age (< 60 years of age), type of menopause (surgical or natural) and type of treatment (type of estrogen with or without a progestagen), mode of delivery (transdermal, oral or intramuscular) and dosage have positive effects at a clinically relevant level. In addition, whether the absence or presence of menopausal symptoms can modify treatment effects should be investigated in more detail. Large RCTs currently underway in the USA may be able to provide answers to these uncertainties by the year 2010. In the meantime, based on the available evidence, ERT cannot be recommended for overall cognitive improvement or maintenance in women without cognitive impairment.
We included two studies with 880 participants. Both studies lasted 12 weeks. We identified one ongoing trial with planned recruitment of 80 participants. Included studies enrolled participants with both partially reversible and non-reversible COPD and baseline mean per cent predicted forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV₁) of 43.4 to 49.6. They were published as full articles, and neither study was at low risk of bias in all domains. We are uncertain whether once-daily ICS/LABA, combined in one inhaler, has a different efficacy or adverse effect profile compared to LAMA for treatment of people with COPD. The short follow-up period and the very low quality of evidence limit our confidence in the result and increase uncertainty. Further trials of longer duration are needed. Current evidence is not strong enough to demonstrate important differences between inhalers in terms of effects, nor to establish that once daily fluticasone/vilanterol 100/25 mcg and tiotropium 18 mcg are equivalent. However, the current review is based on only two trials with the main focus on primary outcomes other than those considered in this review. Data for other endpoints such as exacerbations leading to intubation and physical activity measures were not available in included trials.
This review identified four short-term randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving a total of 169 participants, that evaluated the efficacy and safety of psychotherapy and pharmacological treatments for patients with BDD. The findings of these studies need to be replicated. In addition, future controlled studies in other samples, such as adolescents, and using other selective SRIs, as well as a range of psychological therapy approaches and modalities (alone and in combination), are essential in supplementing the sparse data currently available. Results from the small number of available RCTs suggest that SRIs and CBT may be useful in treating BDD, but further studies are needed to confirm these findings.
This review of trials found that cotrimoxazole desensitization resulted in fewer treatment discontinuations and overall adverse reactions in HIV-infected patients who had a previous history of mild or moderate hypersensitivity to the drug. Further randomised controlled trials are urgently needed for the treatment of opportunistic infections, treating-through, adjunctive medications, and different doses. Paediatric data and trials in resource-poor settings are urgently required.
We included in the review three trials enrolling 148 neonates. We identified no new trials for this update. We considered these trials to be of moderate quality according to GRADE assessment based on the following outcomes: mortality during hospital stay, length of NICU stay, adequacy of analgesia according to PIPP scores and poor neurological outcomes by 28 days' postnatal age (death, grade III or IV IVH or PVL) in the midazolam group compared with the morphine group, and adverse neurological events at 28 days after discharge from the hospital in the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) group. This review raises concerns about the safety and effectiveness of intravenous (intravenous) midazolateam in neonates undergoing intensive care. Further research on the effectiveness and safety of midazoleam in newborn babies is needed.
The review of trials found that there is no evidence of benefit for antibiotics in NTS diarrhoea in otherwise healthy people. We are uncertain of the effects in very young people, very old people, and in people with severe and extraintestinal disease. A slightly higher number of adverse events were noted in people who received antibiotic treatment for NTS. Non-severe adverse drug reactions were more common among the patients who received antibiotics.
We included 23 studies (n = 4192) assessing the accuracy of interleukin-6 for the diagnosis of sepsis in critically ill adults. Twenty studies that were available as conference proceedings only are awaiting classification. The included participants were heterogeneous in terms of their distribution of age, gender, main diagnosis, setting, country, positivity threshold, year of publication, and origin of infection, among other factors. The number of patients who were wrongly classified as having septic shock varied across studies, ranging from 12% to 78%. We considered all studies to be at high risk of bias due to issues related to the index test domain in QUADAS-2. The SROC curve showed a great dispersion in individual studies accuracy estimates (21 studies, 3650 adult patients), therefore the considerable heterogeneity in the collected data prevented us from calculating formal accuracy estimates. Using a fixed prevalence of 50% and a fixed specificity of 74%, we found a sensitivity of 66% (95% confidence interval 60 to 72). If we test a cohort 1000 adult patients under suspicion of septis with IL-6, we will find that 330 patients would receive appropriate and timely antibiotic therapy, while 130 patients would be wrongly considered to have septic shock. In addition, 370 out of 1000 patients would avoid unnecessary antibiotic therapy and 170 patients would have been undiagnosed of the disease. This numerical approach should be interpreted with caution due to the limitations described above. The 20 conference proceedings assessed as studies awaiting classification may alter the conclusions of the review once they are fully published and evaluated. The conclusions of this review will likely change once the 20 studies pending publication are fully included and included.
We included 29 randomised controlled trials (5718 participants) in this review. Four trials compared wound dressings with no wound dressing (wound exposure); the remaining 25 studies compared alternative dressing types, with the majority comparing a basic wound contact dressing with film dressings, silver dressings or hydrocolloid dressings. There were 16 trials that included people with wounds resulting from surgical procedures with a 'clean' classification, five trials that involved people undergoing what was considered 'clean/contaminated' surgery, and the remaining studies including people undergoing a variety of surgical procedures, with different contamination classifications. All studies except one were at an unclear or high risk of bias. Studies were small, reported low numbers of SSI events and were often not clearly reported. We assessed the certainty of evidence as very low for most comparisons (and low for others), with downgrading (according to GRADE criteria) largely due to risk of systematic errors and imprecision. We summarise the results of comparisons with meta-analysed data below. It is uncertain whether wound exposure or any dressing reduces or increases the risk of surgical wound infection compared with alternative options investigated. We are uncertain whether any particular wound dressing is more effective than others in reducing or increasing the rate of wound infection, improving scarring, reducing pain, improving acceptability to patients, or is easier to remove. There was limited and low or very low certainty evidence on secondary outcomes such as scarring and acceptability of dressing and ease of removal, and uncertainty whether wound dressing influenced these outcomes. Most of the studies included in the review were small and at a high or unclear risk of random error. Based on the current evidence, decision makers may wish to base decisions about how to dress a wound following surgery on dressing costs as well as patient preference.
We included two randomised controlled trials. One trial compared oral 100 microgram (µg) selenium yeast tablets with placebo, taken from the first trimester until birth. The trial randomised 179 women but outcome data were only provided for 85 women. Eighty-three women were randomised to each arm of the trial. Sixty-one women completed the placebo arm, 44 of whom completed an Edinburgh Postnatal Depression Scale (EPDS) and 41 completed an EPDS. The other trial compared docosahexanoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid supplements with placebo. This included study randomised 126 women at risk of postpartum depression to three arms: 42 were allocated to EPA, 42 to DHA, and 42 to placebo. Women received supplements or placebo from recruitment at a gestational age of 12 to 20 weeks until their final review visit six to eight weeks after giving birth. Women who were found to have major depressive disorder, bipolar disorder, current substance abuse or dependence, suicidal ideation or schizophrenia at recruitment were excluded from the study. The women who discontinued the intervention (five in the EPA arm, four in the DHA arm and seven in the placebo group) were included in the intention-to-treat analysis, while those who were lost to follow-up were not. There was a high risk of attrition bias due to a large proportion of women withdrawing from the trial or not completing the EPDS, and this included study did not report on any of the secondary outcomes of this review. There is currently no evidence to recommend any other dietary supplement for prevention of postnatal depression.
We identified 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) addressing different anthracycline infusion durations (803 participants), and 4 trials addressing different peak doses (5280 participants). Seven studies were RCTs addressing different durations of infusion, and we identified long-term follow-up data for one of the trials in this update. The majority of participants included in these studies were adults with different solid tumours. We found that an infusion duration of six hours or longer reduces the risk of clinical heart failure, and it seems to reduce the risk for subclinical cardiac damage. However, we found no significant difference in the occurrence of heart failure in participants treated with a doxorubicin peak dose of less than 60 mg/m2 or 60 mg or more. Only one RCT was available for the other identified peak doses, so we can make no definitive conclusions about the incidence of cardiotoxicity. Since there is only a small amount of data for children and data obtained in adults cannot be extrapolated to children, different anthrations should be evaluated further in children. High or unclear 'Risk of bias' issues were present in all studies. More high-quality research is needed, both in children and adults.
We included 37 randomised controlled trials with a total of 3110 participants in this review. Nine of these were new studies since the last update (2009) and five studies had been previously excluded but were re-assessed and included during the 2017 update. Studies included both adults and children with TBI. Most studies commenced treatment immediately on admission to hospital or after craniotomies and all treatment was maintained for at least 24 hours. Thirty-three studies reported data for mortality, 31 studies reported unfavourable outcomes (death, vegetative state or severe disability), and 14 studies reported pneumonia. We considered duration of hypothermia therapy and the length of follow-up in collected data for these subgroups; differences in study data remained such that we did not perform meta-analysis. Despite a large number studies, there remains no high-quality evidence to support the use of low-hypothermia treatment for people with traumatic brain injury. Heterogeneity was evident both in the trial designs and participant inclusion. Inconsistencies in results may be explained by heterogeneity among study participants or bias introduced by individual study methodology. We did not explore this in detail in subgroup or sensitivity analyses. We used the GRADE approach to judge the quality of the evidence for each outcome and downgraded the quality to very low. Studies were generally poorly reported and we were unable to assess risk of bias adequately.
This review identified three studies, involving 519 people with depression. The studies were very diverse in terms of interventions, participants, and measuring instruments. Despite fairly good methodological quality and positive findings of some studies, evidence for the effectiveness of family therapy for depression did not exceed level 3 (limited or conflicting evidence), except for moderate evidence (based on the non-combined findings from three studies) indicating that family therapy is more effective than no treatment or waiting list condition on decreasing depression, and on increasing family functioning. The current evidence base is too heterogeneous and sparse to draw conclusions on the overall effectiveness of the family therapy approach in the treatment of depression. At this point, use of psychological interventions for the prevention of depression for which there is already an evidence-base would seem to be preferable to family therapy. Further high quality trials examining the effectiveness and comparative effectiveness of explicitly defined forms of therapy are required.
This review identified three randomised controlled trials involving a total of 206 participants with vascular dementia. All three included studies were assessed as being at high risk of bias. When analysing these trials together, there was significant beneficial effect of Duxil on the improvement of cognitive function measured by MMSE. No data on behaviour and death at the end of treatment and follow-up were available from the included trials. Two trials failed to show an improvement of functional performance measured by ADL. Of the three included trials, all described the adverse events in detail, there were no statistically significant differences across the trials (OR 4.84, 95%CI 0.55 to 42.67). Behaviour disturbance, quality of life, caregiver burden were not undertaken in these trials. Due to the low methodological quality of these trials, small number of trials and probable publication bias, this review did not provide sufficient evidence to support the routine use of duxil for the treatment of patients with dementia. High-quality and large-scale randomised trials are needed to confirm or refute these results.
This review found seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) including 960 participants. The quality of trials was generally low, with several studies at risk of selection bias, and no studies used blinding during treatment or outcome assessment. There was a high level of statistical variation between the studies, which reduces the reliability of the evidence. The OR for seroma formation was 0.46 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.23 to 0.91, P = 0.03) in favour of a reduced incidence of seroma in participants with drains inserted. The mean difference in length of hospital stay, reported in four trials consisting of 600 participants, was 1.47 days greater in the drained population. A mean difference of 0.79 fewer postoperative seroma aspirations was found in two trials including 212 participants. No significant difference in infection rates between drainage and no drainage groups was reported. No statistically significant difference was observed in the incidence of lymphoedema, with only six instances reported in three trials of 360 participants, nor was there any significant difference between the two groups in the number of haematoma (a blood clot in the blood vessels) observed. There is limited quality evidence that insertion of a drain following axillary lymphadenectomy reduced the odds of developing a seroma and reduced the number in post-operative aspiration. These benefits should be balanced against an increased length of time spent in hospital.
We found eight studies with 390,769 participants. Five studies used a prospective cohort design, two were case-control studies and one was a randomised controlled trial (RCT). The methodological quality was measured using the Newcastle-Ottawa scale (NOS). The three prospective cohort studies were of high methodological quality, and two were of medium quality. The results form the studies assessing associations between flavonoids, colorectal cancer and adenomas were contradictory. The evidence for Isoflavones, Flavonols, Flavones and Flavanones was conflicting. For Flavan-3-ols, the results from two studies suggested that increased intake of Flavan 3-ols reduced the risk of both colon cancer and colon cancer adenoma. A statistically significant reduced risk of colon cancer was found with high intake of epicatechin. There was also evidence to support that higher intake of procyanidin and phytoestrogen could reduce the incidence of colon cancers. However, there was no evidence that suggested that high anthocyanin intake had an inverse association with colon cancer. There is insufficient and conflicting evidence regarding flavonoid intake and the prevention of colon neoplasms. Therefore, more evidence is needed.
We included seven trials with a total of 1369 participants. Five trials used our first definition of slow responders, and three other trials (including one that used both definitions) used the second definition. None of the included trials mentioned our primary outcomes. However, regarding the secondary outcomes, extension of the treatment period to 72 weeks increased the sustained virological response according to both definitions (71/217 (32.7%) versus 52/194 (26.8%) and 265/499 (53.1%) versus 207/496 (41.7%). The number needed to treat of nine patients was lower in the groups that had been treated for 72 weeks using both definitions. The number of patients who relapsed virologically was lower (27/84 (32% versus 46/91 (50.5%) and 85/350 (24.3%) versus 146/353 (41%). The length of treatment did not significantly affect the adherence (247/279 (88.5% versus 252/274 (92.0%). In the single trial that reported adverse events, no significant difference was seen between the two treatment groups. The observed effects can be due to both systematic error (bias) and random errors (play of chance). There was no reporting on mortality and the reporting of clinical outcomes and adverse events was insufficient. More data are needed in order to recommend or reject the policy of extending the treatment time for slow responders.
We found only two studies (34 participants) that evaluated the diagnostic test accuracy of EUS in assessing the resectability with curative intent in pancreatic cancers. There was low concerns about applicability for most domains in both studies. The overall risk of bias was low in one study and unclear or high in the second study. The mean probability of unresectable disease after CT scan across studies was 60.5% (that is 61 out of 100 patients who had resectable cancer on laparotomy) and the summary estimate of sensitivity of the EUS for unresectability was 0.87 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.54 to 0.97). There was no evidence to suggest that it should be performed routinely in people with pancreatic cancer or periampullary cancer found to have cancer on CT scan. Based on two small studies, there is significant uncertainty in the utility of the test EUS as a diagnostic tool in people who have cancer that has spread beyond the pancreas. There is no evidence that EUS should be routinely performed routinely.
This review identified 34 studies (2169 participants with blepharitis) that compared medical interventions and commercial products (e.g. topical steroids, oral antibiotics, warm compresses, and eyelid margin washing) with each other or with conventional lid hygiene measures. There is no strong evidence for any of the treatments in terms of curing chronic blepharyngitis. Topical antibiotics were shown to provide some symptomatic relief and were effective in eradicating bacteria from the eyelid, but the effectiveness of other treatments, such as topical steroids and oral antibiotics were inconclusive. Despite identifying 34 relevant studies, there is no evidence to support the use of medical interventions or commercial products in the treatment of chronic blearyring. Further research is needed to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of such treatments. Outcomes of interest should be patient-centered and measured using validated questionnaires or scales. It is important that participants be followed long-term, at least one year, to assess chronic outcomes properly. Any randomised controlled trial designed for this purpose should separate participants by type of condition in order to minimize imbalances between groups (type I errors) and to achieve statistical power for analyses (prevent type II errors).
We included one trial with a total of 23 participants. This study was at high risk of bias. None of our primary outcomes and only one of our secondary outcomes (reduction in volume of disease, assessed endoscopically) was measured in the study. There was no significant difference between the groups (very low-quality evidence). Adverse effects reported included airway swelling requiring intubation in a child with severe RRP a few hours after photodynamic therapy. There is insufficient evidence from high-quality randomised controlled trials to determine whether photodynamic therapies alter the course of disease or provide an added benefit to surgery in patients with recurrent respiratory papillomatosis. Multicentre randomised clinical trials with appropriate sample sizes and long-term follow-up are required to evaluate whether this treatment is of benefit. Outcomes such as improvement in symptoms (respiratory function and voice quality) and quality of life should be measured in future trials.
We identified 42 studies with 4220 participants. Twenty studies provided accuracy data based on the number of individual participants (seven of which provided data with and without the use of contrast). Sixteen of these studies evaluated the accuracy of CDUS. These studies were generally of moderate to low quality: only three studies fulfilled all the QUADAS items; in six (40%) of the studies, the delay between the tests was unclear or longer than four weeks; in eight (50%), the blinding of either the index test or the reference standard was not clearly reported or was not performed; and in two studies (12%), the interpretation of the reference test was not clear. Eleven studies evaluated accuracy of CE-CDUS. This review demonstrates that both ultrasound modalities (with or without contrast) showed high specificity. In an endoleak surveillance programme CE- CDUS can be introduced as a routine diagnostic modality followed by CT scan only when the ultrasound is positive to establish the type of endoleAK and the subsequent therapeutic management.
We included seven studies, with 766 participants, which compared sterile water with saline water, subcutaneous injections, or both. The evidence is current to September 2015. All studies reported on low back pain in labour only. Methodological quality was good, but four studies were at high risk of bias due to small size of treatment groups, incomplete outcome data, and performance bias. The outcomes reported severely limit conclusions for clinical practice. We found little robust evidence that sterile water is effective for low back or any other labour pain. There was no significant difference between sterile water and saline for rates of caesarean section, instrumental delivery, rescue analgesia, timing of delivery, or Apgar scores. Two studies reported that more women treated with sterile water would request the same analgesia in future. No study reported on women's satisfaction with pain relief, women's sense of control in labour, women’s satisfaction with the childbirth experience, mother/baby interaction, rates of breastfeeding, maternal morbidity, infant long-term outcomes, or cost. No adverse events were reported other than transient pain with injection, which was worse with the sterile water. Further large, methodologically rigorous studies are required to determine the efficacy of sterile water to relieve pain during labour.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 1932 participants that compared glue versus sutures for mesh fixation in people with Lichtenstein hernia repair. The evidence is current to January 2015. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, the UK and the United Kingdom. We found that glue may reduce chronic pain and reduce the risk of recurrence of the hernia in the short term compared with sutured mesh. However, the results changed when we compared the type of mesh. The reduction of chronic pain was less profound and insignificant in the glue group compared with the suture group. The length of time taken to recover from the operation was similar between the two groups. We also looked at adverse events. There were no significant differences between the groups for superficial wound infection, deep infection, or swelling caused by fluid. The quality of the evidence was moderate to low for all outcomes. The risk of bias for incomplete outcome data of all the included studies varied from low to high. Two trials did not report on some important outcomes. One study was funded by the manufacturer producing the fibrin sealant. Therefore, according to the 'Summary of findings' tables, the quality of evidence for the outcomes is moderate. Based on the short-term results, glue may be a sensible alternative to suture for mesh repair in people having their hernia repaired. Larger trials with longer follow-up and high quality are warranted. The difference between synthetic glue and biological glue should also be assessed in the future.
We found 32 studies addressing technical editing and 66 surveys of reference accuracy. Only three of the studies were randomised controlled trials. A 'package' of largely unspecified editorial processes applied between acceptance and publication was associated with improved readability in two studies and improved reporting quality in another two studies, while another study showed mixed results after stricter editorial policies were introduced. More intensive editorial processes were associated with fewer errors in abstracts and references. Providing instructions to authors was associated in one study with improved reporting of ethics requirements, but no difference was seen in the quality of abstracts. Structuring of the abstracts improved the quality, but increased the length of the articles. The reference accuracy studies showed a median citation error rate of 38% and a median quotation error of 20%. Surprisingly few studies have evaluated the effects of technical editing rigorously. A substantial number of references in biomedical articles are cited or quoted inaccurately.
We included 15 studies including 721 participants with cancer pain due to diverse types of cancer. All studies were performed on adults; there were no studies on children. The included studies were of adequate methodological quality, but all except for one were judged to be at a high risk of bias because of small study size, and six because of methods used to deal with missing data or high withdrawal rates. Three studies used a parallel group design; the remainder were cross-over trials in which there was an adequate washout period, but only one reported results for treatment periods separately. Twelve studies used codeine as a single agent and three combined it with paracetamol. Ten studies included a placebo arm, and 14 included one or more of 16 different active drug comparators or compared different routes of administration. Most studies investigated the effect of a single dose of medication, while five used treatment periods of one, seven or 21 days. There were insufficient data for any pooled analysis. Only two studies reported our preferred responder outcome of 'participants with at least 50% reduction in pain' and two reported 'participant with no worse than mild pain'. Eleven studies reported treatment group mean measures of pain intensity or pain relief; overall for these outcome measures, codeine or codeine plus paracetamic acid was numerically superior to placebo and equivalent to the active comparators. Adverse event reporting was poor: only two included studies reported the number of participants with any adverse event specified by treatment group and only one of the two reported any serious adverse events. In multiple-dose studies nausea, vomiting and constipation were common, with somnolence and dizziness frequent in the 21-day study. Withdrawal from the studies, where reported, was less than 10% except in two studies. Three deaths, in all cases due to the underlying cancer, were reported. We identified only a small amount of data in studies that were both randomised and double-blind. Studies were small, of
We included 12 trials (11 randomized controlled trials and one quasi-randomized trial) of 563 people with HbSS, HbSC or HbSβthal, aged six to 35 years old, in this review. The majority of participants were African-American. Interventions ranged from a total of one hour to weekly sessions for eight weeks and the post-intervention assessments ranged from the end of the intervention period to 12 months after completion. The heterogeneity of the included trials, which encompasses setting, inclusion and exclusion criteria, interventional method and time of assessment, ranged from 'not important' or'moderate to substantial' for different review outcomes. The overall risk of bias was low for selective reporting, unclear for random sequence generation, allocation concealment, blinding of participants and blinding of outcome assessment. The quality of evidence was moderate for patient knowledge, moderate for caregiver knowledge and low for positive coping and moderate for child knowledge, healthcare utilization and depression. There were two primary outcomes related to the effectiveness of educational programs on the recognition of signs and symptoms of disease-related morbidity. No comparative data were reported for patients or caregivers (or both) recognising signs and symptom leading to self-management. Data from two trials were analysed for the utilization of health services and showed no evidence of an effect, mean difference 0.33 (95% confidence interval -0.57 to 1.23, moderate quality evidence). With regard to the review's secondary outcomes, depression showed a statistically significant decline in intervention groups, standardised mean difference (0.66 points) for depression. Adherence to treatment was not assessed in any of the identified trials. No effects of interventions were seen on coping, family relationships or health-related quality of life of patients. The effect on knowledge was significant but small and whether it offers any clinical benefit is uncertain. Significant factors limiting these effects could be trials being under powered as well as attrition rates. This suggests that further research is likely
We included six randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 2411 participants. All six studies included adult participants between 16 and 80 years old, and treatment periods ranged from 7 to 16 weeks. Only one study included participants with both focal and generalised onset seizures, and the other five trials included people with focal onset seizures only. None of the studies included participants under the age of 16, and all studies were of short duration. We judged two studies to have low risk of bias, and four to have unclear risk. One study failed to provide details on the method used for allocation concealment, and one did not report all outcomes prespecified in the trial protocol. Another study did not describe how blinding was maintained, and another noted discrepancies in reporting. Participants receiving brivaracetam add-on were significantly more likely to experience a 50% or greater reduction in seizure frequency than those receiving placebo (moderate-quality evidence). They were also more likely than participants receiving placebo to attain seizure freedom. The incidence of treatment withdrawal for any reason, as well as the risk of participants experiencing one or more adverse events, was not significantly different following treatment with brivaractiveam compared to placebo. However, people taking brivar acetam did appear to be significantly more often to withdraw from treatment specifically because of adverse events compared with those taking placebo. It is important to note that only one of the eligible studies included people who had generalised epilepsy. Consequently, these findings are mainly applicable to adult patients with drug-resistant focal epilepsy.
We included 38 studies, mostly from high-income countries, many of which explored mothers' perceptions of vaccine communication. Some focused on the MMR (measles, mumps, rubella) vaccine. In general, parents wanted more information than they were getting. Lack of information led to worry and regret about vaccination decisions among some parents. Parents wanted balanced information about vaccination benefits and harms (high confidence), presented clearly and simply (moderate confidence) and tailored to their situation (low confidence in the evidence). Parents wanted vaccination information to be available at a wider variety of locations, including outside health services, and in good time before each vaccination appointment. Parents viewed health workers as an important source of information and had specific expectations of their interactions with them. Poor communication and negative relationships with health workers sometimes impacted on vaccination decisions. Parents generally found it difficult to know which vaccination information source to trust and challenging to find information they felt was unbiased and balanced. The amount of information parents wanted and the sources they felt could be trusted appeared to be linked to acceptance of vaccination, with parents who were more hesitant wanting more information (low to moderate confidence). Our synthesis and comparison of the qualitative evidence shows that most of the trial interventions addressed at least one or two key aspects of communication, including the provision of information prior to the vaccination appointment and tailoring information to parents' needs. None of the interventions appeared to respond to negative media stories or address parental perceptions of health worker motives. Further research, especially in rural and low- to middle-income country settings, could strengthen evidence for the findings where we had low or very low confidence. Planners should consider the timing for making vaccination information available to parents, the settings where information is available, provision of impartial and clear information tailored to parental needs, and parents' perception of health workers and the information provided.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 599 anorexia nervosa participants. Two of the 10 trials included children. Trials tested diverse psychological therapies and comparability was poor. Risks of bias were mostly evident through lack of blinded outcome assessments (in 60% of studies) and incomplete data reporting (attrition bias). The results suggest that treatment as usual (TAU) when delivered by a non-eating-disorder specialist or similar may be less efficacious than focal psychodynamic therapy. This was suggested for a primary outcome of recovery by achievement of a good or intermediate outcome on the Morgan and Russell Scale (RR 0.70, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.51 to 0.97; 1 RCT, 40 participants). However there were no differences between cognitive analytic therapy and TAU for this outcome, nor for body mass index (BMI). There were also no differences in overall dropout rates between individual psychological therapies or TAU. Dietary advice as a control arm had a 100% non-completion rate in one trial (35 participants). None of the trials identified any adverse effects. Insufficient power was problematic for the majority of trials. Larger RCTs of longer treatment duration and follow-up are needed.
The review included 516 participants from three randomised controlled trials. One study was conducted in the USA and consisted of two trials: the first trial randomized 151 adults to receive either silicone oil or sulfur hexafluoride (SF6) gas tamponades, and the second trial randomized 271 adults to either siliconeOil or perfluropropane gas. The third trial was a multi-center international trial and randomized 94 participants (age range not specified) to receive heavy silicone oil (a mixture of perfluorohexyloctane (F6H8) and silicone oil) versus standard silicone oil. In participants with RD associated with PVR, outcomes after pars plana vitrectomy appeared comparable for a broad variety of cases. There were no significant differences between silicone oil and perfluoropropane gas in terms of the proportion of participants achieving at least 5/200 visual acuity or achieving macular attachment at a minimum of one year. In the first two trials, which had a power of 80% to detect differences, participants treated with silicone oil received significantly more favourable outcomes than did participants who received sulphur hexa-fluoride gas at both one year (quantitative data not reported) and two years (data not reported). Of the 94 participants, four died, 26 had recurrent retinal detachment, 22 developed glaucoma, four developed a cataract, and two had capsular fibrosis. All three trials employed adequate methods for random sequence generation and allocation concealment. None of the trials employed masking of participants and surgeons, and only the third trial masked outcome assessors. The first trial had a large portion of participants excluded from the final analyses, while the other two trials were at low risk of attrition bias. All trials appear to be free of reporting bias.
We included five randomised controlled trials (involving 1819 women) in this review. The evidence is current to September 2016. The trials compared planned early delivery versus planned late delivery for women suffering from hypertensive disorders of pregnancy after 34 weeks' gestation. There was a lower risk of composite maternal mortality and severe morbidity for women randomised to receive early delivery (evidence graded high). There were no clear differences between subgroups based on our subgroup analysis by gestational age, gestational week or condition. Planned early delivery was associated with lower rates of HELLP syndrome and severe renal impairment (one study). There was not enough information to draw any conclusions about the effects on composite infant mortality or severe illness. There is no clear difference between groups for caesarean section or in the duration of hospital stay for the mother after delivery of the baby or for the baby. The level of evidence was graded high (composite maternal deaths and morbidity), moderate (caesareans, duration of stay in hospital stay after delivery for mother, and duration of time spent in hospital) or low (combine infant mortality and illness). Where the evidence was downgraded, it was mostly because the confidence intervals were wide, crossing both the line of no effect and appreciable benefit or harm. No studies attempted to blind participants or clinicians to group allocation, potentially introducing bias as women and staff would have been aware of the intervention and this may have affected aspects of care and decision-making. Two fairly large, well-designed trials contributed the majority of the evidence. Other studies were at low or unclear risk of bias.
We found six studies (including 142 participants) that compared three-times-a-week prophylactic administration with on-demand treatment in children with hemophilia. There is strong evidence from randomised controlled trials and observational trials to confirm the observational evidence that prophyleactic administration of clotting factor concentrates decreases bleeding and related complications in patients with existing joint damage. Results on the number of patients with preserved joints after three to seven years of follow-up were not pooled due to significant heterogeneity. Non-significant increases in both inhibitor and infectious complications were observed, which occurred more often when using long-term venous access. Well-designed randomised trials and prospective observational controlled studies are needed.
We included 13 trials involving 1824 participants in this review. In total, data in usable format were only available in 10 trials (732 participants). Inadequate reporting of study methodology was a common feature of the trials preventing thorough assessment of study quality. We were unable to pool data for any of the outcomes due to the differences between the interventions assessed in the studies. Eight studies aimed to induce remission; overall survival did not differ significantly between treatment groups. Five studies attempted to maintain remission. In two out of three studies reporting survival, this was substantial but the difference was not statistically significant between the intervention groups. Less aggressive treatment schedules appear to produce similar effects with less adverse event profiles. This review highlights a preference in more recent studies for less aggressive care options for treatment of BL. However, the evidence for the relative effectiveness of interventions to treat BL is not strong as studies were small, underpowered and prone to both systematic and random error. We included one additional trial without change of conclusions.
This review found two studies involving 447 (with sample sizes 14 and 432) RhD negative women. The studies compared IM and IV administration of anti-D prophylaxis. In both studies the women received a 1500 IU (300 microgram) dose of Rhophylac during week 28 of gestation. There was no incidence of RhD alloimmunization in either of the studies, as the sample size was insufficient for meaningful comparison of this uncommon outcome. One of these studies found that the mean IgG concentrations after IV and IM administration differed up to seven days (36.1 (2.6) ng/mL IV; 19.8 (8.7) ng/mL IM on day seven). However, from two to three weeks post-administration, the concentrations were similar for both routes of administration. None of the women involved in the studies developed antibodies against the RhD antigen. The choice of the route of administration will depend on the available preparations, the dose to be administered and also on the patients' preferences. This review found insufficient information upon which to guide practice due to the limited number of included studies, small sample sizes and methodological limitations.
We identified eight randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 21,379 patients with diabetes. Three included studies investigated ticlopidine compared to aspirin or placebo. Five included studies looked at clopidogrel (an antiplatelet drug) compared with aspirin or a combination of aspirin and dipyridamole, or with aspirin alone. All trials included patients with previous CVD except the CHARISMA trial which included patients who had multiple risk factors for coronary artery disease. The mean duration of follow-up ranged from 365 days to 913 days. Data for diabetes patients on all-cause mortality, vascular mortality and myocardial infarction were only available for one trial (355 patients). This trial did not demonstrate any statistically significant differences for death due to any cause, vascular death or myocardia. Diabetes outcome data for stroke were available in three trials (31% of total diabetes participants). Overall pooling of two (statistically heterogeneous) studies showed no statistically significant reduction in the combination of fatal and non-fatal stroke (359/3194 (11.2%) versus 356/3146 (11%). There were no data available from any of the trials on peripheral vascular disease, health-related quality of life, adverse events specifically for patients with diabetics, or costs. The available evidence for ADP receptor antagonists in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus is limited and most trials do not report outcomes for patients separately. Therefore, recommendations for the use of ADP-receptor antagonists for the prevention of CVD in people with diabetes are based on available evidence from trials including patients with and without diabetes. Trials with diabetes patients and subgroup analyses of participants with diabetes in trials with combined populations are needed to provide a more robust evidence base to guide clinical management.
We included ten trials with a total of 191 participants in this review. Seven trials evaluated single treatment sessions, one evaluated a two-week intervention, one assessed a six-week treatment and one a three-month treatment. Six trials (151 participants) evaluated non-invasive ventilation for airway clearance compared with an alternative chest physiotherapy method such as the active cycle of breathing techniques or positive expiratory pressure. Three trials used nasal masks, one used a nasal mask or mouthpiece and one trial used a face mask and in one trial it is unclear. Three of the trials reported on one of the review's primary outcomes (quality of life). Results for the reviews secondary outcomes showed that airways clearance may be easier with non- invasive ventilation and people with cystic fibrosis may prefer it. We were unable to find any evidence that non-insvasive ventilation increases sputum expectoration, but it did improve some lung function parameters. The effect of NIV on exercise was unclear. One trial (13 participants) assessed the effect on exercise capacity and did not report on any of the main outcomes. The trial found no clear differences in exercise capacity between people who received NIV and those who received oxygen or room air, except for exercise performance, which significantly improved with NIV compared to room air over six weeks. There is a need for long-term randomised controlled trials which are adequately powered to determine the clinical effects of non-Invasive ventilation in cyst fibrosis. The impact of this therapy on pulmonary exacerbations and disease progression remain unclear.
We found seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) on 245 people with stable COPD. These trials compared NIPPV with nocturnal-NIPPV at home for at least three months in hypercapnic patients with stable lung function. The evidence is current to September 2014. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Denmark, Germany, Italy, Japan, South Korea, Sweden and the UK. The mean age of the participants ranged from 65 to 74 years. The average age of participants was between 65 and 75 years and the mean duration of the studies ranged from three months to one year. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. We found no evidence that NIPPVs improved lung function, exercise tolerance, health-related quality of life, lung function or sleep efficiency. We were unable to determine whether the effect on 6MWD was clinically significant. We could not exclude an effect that is clinically significant, considering that the minimal clinically difference on this measure is around 26 m. However, the small sample sizes of these studies preclude a definite conclusion regarding the effects of NIPPVDV in COPD, and further research is needed to answer this question.
We included four randomised controlled trials, involving 1190 women, comparing induction of labour for suspected macrosomia with expectant management. Induction of labour did not appear to alter the rate of caesarean section or instrumental delivery. There were no clear differences between groups for brachial plexus injury (two events were reported in the control group in one trial, low-quality evidence). There was no strong evidence of any difference between groups in measures of neonatal asphyxia, low five-minute infant Apgar scores (less than seven) or low arterial cord blood pH (two trials, respectively). Mean birthweight was lower in the induction group, but there was considerable heterogeneity between studies for this outcome. In one study with data for 818 women, third- and fourth-degree perineal tears were increased in the intervention group. The unexpected observation in the induced group of increased perinea damage, and the plausible, but of uncertain significance, observation of increased use of phototherapy, both in the largest trial, should also be kept in mind. Findings from trials included in the review suggest that to prevent one fracture it would be necessary to induce labour in 60 women. The evidence is current to September 2014. Inducing labour for babies with suspected macrosomal growth and development has not been shown to reduce the risk of a baby's head injury, but the power of the included studies to show a difference for such a rare event is limited. In settings where obstetricians can be reasonably confident about their scan assessment of fetal weight, the advantages and disadvantages of induction at or near term for fetuses suspected of being macrosomic should be discussed with parents. Although some parents and doctors may feel the evidence already justifies induction, others may justifiably disagree. Such trials should concentrate on refining the optimum gestation of induction, and improving the accuracy of the diagnosis of the condition. Also antenatal weights are often inaccurate so many women may be worried unnecessarily
We identified 159 randomised clinical trials with 95,286 participants. The age of participants ranged from 18 to 107 years. Most trials included women older than 70 years. Forty-eight of the trials randomly assigned 94,491 healthy participants. Of these, four trials included healthy volunteers, nine trials included postmenopausal women and 35 trials included older people living on their own or in institutional care. The mean proportion of women was 77%. Forty-five trials (80%) reported the baseline vitamin D status of participants based on serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels. Participants in 19 trials had vitamin D adequacy (at or above 20 ng/mL). Participants in the remaining 26 trials reported vitamin D insufficiency (less than or equal to this level). Vitamin D decreased mortality in all 56 trials analysed together (5,920/47,472 participants (12.5%) vs 6,077/47-814 participants (11.7%). More than 8% of participants dropped out. Vitamin D2, alfacalcidol and calcitriol did not significantly affect mortality. A subgroup analysis of trials at high risk of bias suggested that vitamin D2 may even increase mortality, but this finding could be due to random errors. We did not observe any statistically significant differences in the effect of vitamin D on mortality in subgroup analyses of randomised trials at low-risk of bias, of trials using placebo compared with trials using no intervention in the control group; of trials with no risk of industry bias (i.e. risk of overestimation of benefits and underestimation of harms); of trials assessing primary prevention compared with trial assessing secondary prevention; of primary prevention versus secondary prevention (e.g. cancer); of the kidney disease nephrolithiasis; and of trials including ambulatory participants versus trials including institutionalised participants. We found that people receiving vitamin D3 combined with calcium increased the risk of kidney disease, but there was no difference in
This review found that fluoxetine, orlistat, and sibutramine can achieve statistically significant weight loss over 12 to 57 weeks. The magnitude of weight loss is modest, however, and the long-term health benefits remain unclear. Gastrointestinal side effects were common with or listat; tremor, somnolence and sweating with fluoxets; and palpitations with sibutsramine. Some studies, using a variety of study designs, were available on other drugs and a significant decrease in weight was noted in three studies of mazindol, one of phenmetrazine, and two of phentermine. No studies were identified that fit inclusion criteria for pseudoephedrine, ephedra, sertraline, yohimbine, amphetamine or its derivatives, bupropion, topiramate, benzocaine, threachlorocitric acid, and bromocriptine. There is a paucity of data on weight loss or control in persons with type 2 diabetes.
We included five studies involving a total of 734 participants in this review. We assessed only one study as good quality and the other four as poor quality. No significant differences favoured VGB or CBZ in terms of time to treatment withdrawal and time to achieve six-month remission after dose stabilisation from randomisation, but results did show a disadvantage for VGB on time to first seizure after randomisation. Compared with CBZ, VGB was associated with more occurrences of weight gain and fewer occurrences of skin rash and drowsiness. No differences in visual field defects and visual disturbances were noted. Data are currently insufficient to address the risk-benefit balance of VGB versus CBZ monotherapy for epilepsy. VGB monotherapy should be prescribed with caution for epilepsy and should not be considered a first-line choice. If necessary, the visual field should be frequently assessed. Future research should focus on investigating the reasons for visual field problems and exploring potential prevention strategies. Moreover, future monotherapy studies of epilepsy should report results according to the recommendations of the International League Against Epilepsy (ILAE) Commission, and methodological quality should be improved.
We found four randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that evaluated the addition of plerixafor to a G-CSF mobilisation regimen. However, two of these trials closed early due to low numbers of participants and did not report results. The remaining two trials evaluated 600 participants with multiple myeloma or non-Hodgkin lymphoma. In both studies the experimental group received a combination of the two drugs and a placebo (fake drug) and the control group received the same drug plus a placebo. There was no evidence for differences between the groups in terms of survival at 12 months and adverse events during stem cell mobilisation and collection (high-quality evidence). Regarding the outcome successful stem cell collection, the meta-analysis showed an advantage for those participants randomised to the plerxafor group (600 participants; RR 2.42, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.98 to 2.96; P < 0.00001). As there was high heterogeneity between studies for the number of transplanted participants, we did not combine these data. In the multiple myloma study, 95.9% (142 participants) in the plrixa for arm and 88.3% (136 participants) of the placebo arm underwent transplantation; in the non-hodgkins lymphoma trial, 90% (135 participants) could be transplanted. None of the trials reported on the outcomes quality of life and progression-free survival. The results of the analysed data suggest that the use of additional pleraxafor leads to increased stem cell collections in a shorter time. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether the addition to the standard treatment leads to differences in survival or adverse events. The two trials included in this review, both of which were conducted by the Genzyme Corporation, the manufacturer of plefor, were published several times. Due to the
We included 23 trials involving 1806 women, of whom 717 received cones. All of the trials were small, and in many the quality was hard to judge. Outcome measures differed between trials, making the results difficult to combine. Some trials reported high drop-out rates with both cone and comparison treatments. Seven trials were published only as abstracts. Cones were better than no active treatment (rate ratio (RR) for failure to cure incontinence 0.84, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.76 to 0.94). There was little evidence of difference for a subjective cure between cones and pelvic floor muscle training (PFMT), or between cones plus electrostimulation and PFMT, but the confidence intervals were wide. There was not enough evidence to show that cones plus PFMT was different to either cones alone or PFMT alone. Only seven trials used a quality of life measure, and no study looked at economic outcomes. Seven of the included trials recruited women with symptoms of urine leakage, while the others required women with urine leakage from the urethra. The evidence is up to date as of May 2013.
This review examined the effects of interventions to improve anticoagulant control in AF patients. Eleven trials with a total of 2246 AF patients (ranging from 14 to 712 by study) were included within the review. Studies included education, decision aids, and self-monitoring plus education interventions. The evidence is current to September 2015. The effect of self-watchful self-management plus education on TTR was uncertain compared with usual care. We found small but positive effects of education on anxiety and depression compared with the usual care group. The effects of decision aids on decision conflict favoured usual care, but the quality of the evidence was low. This review demonstrates that there is insufficient evidence to draw definitive conclusions regarding the impact of interventions on T TR in AF participants receiving OAT. Thus, more trials are needed to examine the impact on anticoactive drug control in patients with AF and the mechanisms by which they are successful. It is also important to explore the psychological implications for patients suffering from this long-term chronic condition.
The review of trials found that vaginal prostaglandin E2 probably increases the chance of vaginal delivery in 24 hours, they increase uterine hyperstimulation with fetal heart changes but do not effect or may reduce caesarean section rates. They increase the likelihood of cervical change, with no increase in operative delivery rates. PGE2 tablets, gels and pessaries (including sustained release preparations) appear to be as effective as each other, small differences are detected between some outcomes, but these may be due to chance. The overall effect on improving maternal and fetal outcomes (across a variety of measures) is uncertain.
The review of trials found that cot-nursing using a heated water-filled mattress has similar effects to incubator care with regard to temperature control and weight gain. Important clinical outcomes need to be investigated further using randomised controlled trials. This is especially the case in developing countries, where differences in these outcomes are likely to be encountered.
We included three studies, involving 146 participants. Two studies were assessed as being at high risk of bias. The main finding of the review was that the two techniques may be equally successful at exposing PDCs (low-quality evidence). One surgical failure was due to detachment of the gold chain (closed group). One study reported on complications following surgery and found two in the closed group: a post-operative infection requiring antibiotics and pain during alignment of the canine as the gum chain penetrated through the gum tissue of the palate. We were unable to pool data for dental aesthetics, patient-reported pain and discomfort, periodontal health and treatment time; however, individual studies did not find any differences between the surgical techniques. Three ongoing clinical trials have been identified and it is hoped that these will produce data that can be pooled to increase the degree of certainty in these findings. Currently, the evidence suggests that neither the open or closed surgical technique for exposing palatally displaced maxillary canine teeth is superior for any of the outcomes included in this review, however, we considered the evidence to be low quality, with two of the three included studies being of low quality. This suggests the need for more high-quality studies.
We included three trials, involving 244 women. The studies were considered to be at high risk of bias. The prostaglandins used were PG E2 analogue (sulprostone) in 50 participants and PG E1 analogue (misoprostol) in 194 participants at a dose of 250 mcg and 800 mcg respectively. The trials were of poor quality and there is little confidence in the effect estimates; the true effect is likely to be substantially different. We did not obtain any data for the primary outcomes of maternal mortality and the need to add another therapeutic uterotonic. Prostaglandin administration did not reduce the rate of manual removal of placenta, severe postpartum haemorrhage, need for blood transfusion and the mean time from injection to placental removal (minutes). Side-effects were no different between groups (vomiting, headache, pain and nausea between injection and discharge from the labour ward), with the exception of shivering, which was more frequent in women receiving prostaglandsins (RR 10.00; 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.40 to 71.49). We could not make any recommendations about changes to clinical practice. More high-quality research in this area is needed.
We included six studies involving 355 infants - two using face mask CPAP, two CNP, one nasal CPAP and one both CNP (for less ill babies) and endotracheal CPAP (for sicker babies). For this update, we included no new trials. Continuous distending pressure (CDP) is associated with lower risk of treatment failure (death or use of assisted ventilation) (typical risk ratio (RR) 0.65, 95% CI -0.52 to 0.81; number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB)) and lower mortality in infants with birth weight above 1500 g, and lower overall mortality (type of study: 6 studies; 355 infants). Use of CDP was associated with increased risk of pneumothorax (a condition in which air leaks from the lungs). We found no difference in bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD), defined as oxygen dependency at 28 days (three studies, 260 infants), as well as no difference at nine to 14 years (one study, 37 infants). In preterm infants with respiratory distress, CDP as CPAP or CNP appears to be associated with reduced respiratory failure and mortality and an increased rate of lung injury. Four out of six of these trials were done in the 1970s. Therefore, the applicability of these results to current practice is difficult to assess. Further research is required to determine the best mode of administration.
We included six studies (157 participants) in this review. All included studies were small and/or had limited follow-up times. Meta analysis of two studies indicated that foam dressings do not promote the healing of diabetic foot ulcers compared with basic wound contact dressings. Pooled data from two studies comparing foam and alginate dressing found no statistically significant difference in ulcer healing (RR 1.50, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.92 to 2.44). There was no difference between foam and hydrocolloid (matrix) dressings in terms of the number of diabetic ulcers healed. There is no research evidence to suggest that foam wound dressings are more effective in healing foot ulcer in people with diabetes than other types of dressing however all trials in this field are very small. Decision makers may wish to consider aspects such as dressing cost and the wound management properties offered by each dressing type e.g. exudate management.
We identified three eligible trials. Two trials compared endoscopic intervention with surgical intervention and included a total of 111 participants: 55 in the endoscopic group and 56 in the surgical group. One trial, including 32 participants, compared surgical intervention with conservative treatment. The trial showed that surgical intervention resulted in a higher percentage of participants with pain relief and better preservation of pancreatic function. No differences were found in terms of major post-interventional complications or mortality, although the number of participants did not allow for this to be reliably evaluated. The small trials identified do not provide sufficient power to detect the small differences expected in this outcome. Regarding the comparison of surgical intervention versus conservative treatment, this review has shown that surgery in an early stage of chronic pancreatitis is better than endoscopy for pain relief. Other trials need to confirm these results because of the methodological limitations and limited number of patients assessed in the present evidence.
This review identified only one randomised controlled trial that compared early versus delayed post-operative showering or bathing. This trial included 857 patients undergoing minor skin excision surgery in the primary care setting. The trial was at a high risk of bias. The only outcome of interest reported in this trial was surgical site infection (SSI). There was no statistically significant difference in the proportion of patients who developed SSIs between the two groups (857 patients; RR 0.96; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.62 to 1.48). The proportions of patients with SSIs were 8.5% in the early bathing group and 8.8%, respectively, in the delayed bathing group. There is currently no conclusive evidence available from randomised trials regarding the benefits or harms of early or delayed showering and bathing for the prevention of wound complications, as the confidence intervals around the point estimate are wide, and, therefore, a clinically significant increase or decrease in wound infections by early post-operatively bathing cannot be ruled out. We recommend running further randomised clinical trials to compare early and delayed postoperative showers and bathing.
We found one randomised controlled trial (RCT) comparing oral prednisone with no treatment in 35 people with MS. The trial did not measure the primary outcome for this systematic review. We are very uncertain about the effects of oral dexamethasone compared to no treatment, because the quality of evidence from the only RCT that exists is very low. We also know from observational studies that corticosteroids are beneficial, but long-term use causes serious side effects. Side effects occurred with similar frequencies in both groups, except that sleeplessness was less common with monthly dexametasone (low-quality evidence) as was moon facies (moon-shaped appearance of the face). We need further research to identify factors that predict response. Nevertheless, we are confident in the results of this review.
We found six studies including a total of 2100 participants. Four studies compared remote check-up with face-to-face check-ups, and one study compared the two types of check up for oral steroid tapering in severe refractory asthma. We could not say whether more people who had a remote check up needed oral corticosteroids for an asthma exacerbation than those who were seen face to-face because the confidence intervals (CIs) were very wide (OR 1.74, 95% CI 0.41 to 7.44; one study; low quality evidence). In one study, 21 people out of 1000 had an asthma flare-up that required oral steroids over three months, compared to 36 (95% CI nine to 139) out of 100 for the remote checkup group. Exacerbations that needed treatment in the Emergency Department (ED), hospital admission or an unscheduled healthcare visit all happened too infrequently for us to detect any important differences between face- and remote asthma check up. Serious adverse events were not reported separately from the exacerbation outcomes. There was no difference in asthma control measured by the Asthma Control Questionnaire (ACQ) or in quality of life measured on a scale of AQLQ between the two groups of people. The larger implementation study that compared two general practice populations demonstrated that offering a telephone check up and proactively phoning participants increased the number of people with asthma who received a review. However, we do not know whether the additional participants who had the telephone checkup subsequently benefited in asthma outcomes. The studies could not be blinded and dropout was high in four of the six studies, which may have biased the results. There is insufficient information to rule out differences in efficacy, or to say whether or not remote asthma-check-ups are a safe alternative to being seen in person to person.
We found three randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly allocated at random to one or more treatment groups) with a total of 212 participants with JIA. All the included studies fulfilled at least seven of 10 methodological criteria. The results suggest that the short-term effects of exercise therapy on functional ability, quality of life, aerobic capacity and pain were similar across the studies. None of the studies reported negative effects of the exercise therapy. The included and excluded studies were all consistent about the adverse effects that exercise therapy might have on the participants. The review found that exercise does not worsen arthritis. The quality of the evidence was graded as'silver-level' evidence, which means that further research is very likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect. There is a need for a standardised assessment and a core set of functional and physical outcome measurements suited for health research.
We included 19 trials with 2663 participants (11 with outpatients, seven with inpatients and one with ICU patients). We found that antibiotics have some effect on treatment failure in patients admitted to the ICU, but these effects are small, and they are inconsistent for some outcomes (treatment failure) and absent for other outcomes (mortality, length of hospital stay). Analyses show a strong beneficial effect of antibiotics among ICU participants. Few data are available on the effects of antibiotics on health-related quality of life or on other patient-reported symptoms, and data show no statistically significant increase in the risk of adverse events with antibiotics compared to placebo. These inconsistent effects call for research into clinical signs and biomarkers that can help identify patients who would benefit from antibiotics, while sparing antibiotics for patients who are unlikely to experience benefit and for whom downsides of antibiotics (side effects, costs, and multi-resistance) should be avoided. Evidence of moderate quality does not show that currently used antibiotics significantly reduced the risk for treatment failure among patients with severe exacerbations, but trial results remain uncertain. In turn, the effect was statistically significant when trials included older antibiotics no longer in clinical use (i.e. those that are not currently in use). The only trial with 93 ICU residents showed a large and statistically significant effect on the treatment failure rate. Results of this trial show a statistically significant difference on mortality and on length of time spent in hospital. The quality of the evidence was moderate for both treatment failure and mortality, but was low for mortality and length of stay in hospital, and for diarrhoea.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1414 participants (age range 24 to 70; mean age 45 to 59, where reported) that compared whole grain diets to lower whole grain or refined grain diets. We found no studies that reported on total cardiovascular deaths or cardiovascular events (total myocardial infarction, unstable angina, coronary artery bypass graft surgery, percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty, total stroke). All included studies reported on risk factors for cardiovascular disease including blood lipids and blood pressure. All studies were in primary prevention populations and had an unclear or high risk of bias, and no studies had an intervention duration greater than 16 weeks. Overall, we found no difference between whole grain and control groups for total cholesterol. Four studies were funded by independent national and government funding bodies, while the remaining studies reported funding or partial funding by organisations with commercial interests in cereals. There is insufficient evidence from RCTs of an effect of a whole grain diet on cardiovascular outcomes or on major CVD risk factors (blood lipids, blood pressure, and cholesterol). The overall quality of the evidence was low because of the small number of participants and relatively short-term interventions, and because the included studies were small.
This review of trials found that there is limited evidence to support the use of a removable type of immobilisation to allow exercise during the immobilisation period after surgical fixation. There is also limited evidence supporting early commencement of weight-bearing. There was no evidence of effect for stretching or manual therapy in addition to exercise, or exercise compared with usual care. One small study (14 participants) at a high risk of bias found reduced ankle swelling after non-thermal treatment compared with thermal pulsed shortwave diathermy. Evidence from one small but potentially biased study (60 participants) showed that neurostimulation, an electrotherapy modality, may be beneficial in the short-term. More trials are needed to strengthen the current evidence.
This review identified four studies that evaluated interventions to improve adherence to ART. Two studies were conducted in low-income countries. Two were randomised controlled trials (RCTs), and two were non-randomised trials. One RCT of a home-based nursing programme showed a positive effect of the intervention on knowledge and medication refills (p=002), but no effect on CD4 count and viral load. A second trial of caregiver medication diaries showed that the intervention group had fewer participants reporting no missed doses compared to the control group (85% vs. 92%, respectively), although this difference was not statistically significant. Medication diaries do not appear to have an effect on adherence or disease outcomes. Two interventions, an LPV/r-containing regimen and peer support group therapy for adolescents, did not demonstrate improvements in adherence, yet demonstrated greater viral load suppression compared to control groups, suggesting a different mechanism for improved health outcomes. Well-designed evaluations of interventions designed to improve the adherence of children to ART are needed.
This review found that oral fenoprofen 200 mg is effective at treating moderate to severe acute postoperative pain, based on limited data for at least 50% pain relief over 4 to 6 hours. There were insufficient data to analyse other doses or active comparators, time to use of rescue medication, or numbers of participants needing rescue medication. No serious adverse events or adverse event withdrawals were reported in these studies. Efficacy of other doses, other efficacy outcomes, and safety and tolerability could not be assessed.
This review included six randomised controlled trials with a total of 857 women. Four trials were small (less than 25 women per arm) and two had moderate to high risk of bias. The largest most rigorous trial to date suggests that six months of supervised PFMT has benefits in terms of anatomical and symptom improvement (if symptomatic) immediately post-intervention. Pooling data on the severity of prolapse from two trials indicated that PFMT increases the chance of an improvement in prolapse stage by 17% compared to no PFMT. The two trials which measured pelvic floor muscle function found better function (or improvement in function) in the PFMT group compared to the control group; measurements were not known to be blinded. Two out of three trials reported urinary outcomes (urodynamics, frequency and bother of symptoms, or symptom score) reported differences between groups. One trial reported bowel outcomes, showing that symptoms were less frequent and there was less bother with symptoms in the group of women who received PFMT compared to those who did not. Pelvic floor muscle strength findings differed between the trials: one found no difference between trial groups in muscle strength, whilst the other found a benefit for the pelvic floor muscles of the group with stronger muscles. Similarly findings relating to urinary outcomes were contradictory: one trial found no change in symptom score change between groups, whilst another found more improvement in urinary symptoms and a reduction in diurnal frequency in the women receiving PFMT as an adjunct to surgery compared to surgery alone. There is now some evidence available indicating a positive effect of PFMT for prolapse symptoms and severity. Further evidence relating to effectiveness and cost-effectiveness, of different intensities, for symptomatic prolapse in the medium and long term is needed. A large, well-designed trial of combined PFMT plus surgery is needed to give clear evidence about the usefulness of combining these treatments. Other comparisons which have not been addressed in trials to date and warrant consideration include those involving lifestyle
Fourteen trials (1,724 analysed participants or ears) were included in this review. Topical quinolone antibiotics can clear aural discharge better than no drug treatment or topical antiseptics; non-quinolone antibiotic effects (without steroids) versus no drug or antiseptic treatment are less clear. Evidence regarding safety was generally weak. Further trials should clarify the risks of ototoxicity and include longer-term outcomes (for resolution, healing, hearing, or complications) and include further safety assessments.
We included 21 studies with a total of 6253 participants (5515 were included in the analysis). Studies were conducted from 1974 to 2011, with 80% of the studies conducted in the 1970's, 1980's or 1990's. Most studies did not report study methods sufficiently and many had high applicability concerns. In 20 studies, FRS correctly differentiated schizophrenia from all other diagnoses with a sensitivity of 57% (50.4% to 63.3%) and a specificity of 81.4%. In seven studies, the test correctly differentiated people with schizophrenia from non-psychotic mental health disorders with a range of 61.8% (51.7% to 71%) to 94.1% (88% to 97.2%). In sixteen studies, it correctly differentiated the symptoms of schizophrenia from other types of psychosis with a high specificity of 74.7%. The use of FRS to diagnose schizophrenia in triage will incorrectly incorrectly diagnose around five to 19 people in every 100 who have FRS as having schizophrenia and specialists will not agree with this diagnosis. These people will still merit specialist assessment and help due to the severity of disturbance in their behaviour and mental state. Some of these people may experience a delay in getting appropriate treatment. Others, whom specialists will consider to have schizophrenia, could be prematurely discharged from care, if triage relies on the presence of a FRS test. Again, with a low sensitivity of 60%, reliance on FRS for diagnosis will not correctly diagnose around 40% of people that specialists will think to be having schizophrenia. We hope that newer tests - to be included in future Cochrane reviews - will show better results. However, symptoms of first rank can still be helpful where newer tests are not available - a situation which applies to the initial screening of most people with suspected schizophrenia. FRS remain a simple, quick and useful clinical indicator for an illness of enormous clinical variability.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in this review, of which 5 were new to this update; all interventions were adjuncts to conventional therapy and were delivered in primary- and secondary-care settings. There were 2003 participants in 9 educational interventions and 44 participants in the 1 psychological study. The largest and most robust study (n = 992) demonstrated significant reduction in disease severity and improvement in quality of life, in both nurse- and dermatologist-led intervention groups. It provided six standardised, age-appropriate group education sessions. Improvements in objective severity using the SCORAD clinical tool were recorded for all intervention groups when compared with controls. In three of five studies, which could not be combined because of differences in the design of the studies, the objective severity measure was statistically significantly better in the intervention group compared with the usual care groups. However, in all of the above studies the confidence interval limits do not exceed the minimum clinically important difference of 8.2 for the objectiveSCORAD. Parents of children aged 8 to 12 years experienced significantly better improvements in their children on 3 of the 5 subscales of the German 'Quality of life in parents of children with atopic dermatitis' questionnaire, a validated tool with five subscales. The inclusion of new studies has not substantially altered the conclusions from the original review. This update has incorporated five new RCTs using educational interventions as an adjunct to conventional treatment for children with eczema. We did not identify any further studies using psychological interventions. A relative lack of rigorously designed trials provides limited evidence of the effectiveness of educational and psychological interventions in helping to manage the condition of atopic ecZema in children. The educational studies in both the original and this update lack detail about intervention design and do not use a complex interventions framework. Few use an explicit theoretical base, and the components of each intervention are not sufficiently well described to allow replication. Comparative evaluation is needed to examine their impact on
This review of trials suggests that HBOT may be beneficial for people with LRTI affecting tissues of the head, neck, anus and rectum. HBOT also appears to reduce the chance of ORN following tooth extraction in an irradiated field. There was no evidence of any important clinical effect on neurological tissues. The application of HBOT to selected participants and tissues may be justified. Further research is required to establish the optimum participant selection and timing of any therapy. An economic evaluation should be undertaken.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) involving 2961 surgeons performing an operation. Four studies focused on abdominal closure, two on caesarean section, two vaginal repair and two on hip replacement. On average, a surgeon that used sharp needles sustained one glove perforation in every three operations. The use of blunt needles reduced the risk of glove perfusion by 0.46 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.38 to 0.54) compared to sharp needles. This means that a surgeon using blunt needles will thus prevent one glove pneumatic (perforation) in every six operations. In four studies, surgeons reported fewer self-reported needle stick injuries. Because the force needed for the blunt needles is higher, their use was rated as more difficult but still acceptable in five out of six studies. The quality of the evidence was high. There is high quality evidence that blunt needles appreciably reduce exposure to blood and bodily fluids for surgeons and their assistants over a range of operations. It is unlikely that future research will change this conclusion.
The review currently includes seven randomised trials involving 422 participants that compared trifluoperazine with low-potency antipsychotic drugs. The size of the included studies was between 20 and 157 participants with a study length between four and 52 weeks. The results did not show a difference in efficacy between triflunoperazine and low-head antipsychotics in terms of response to treatment. There was also no significant difference in acceptability of treatment with equivocal number of participants leaving the studies early due to any reason. The quality of evidence for outcomes of interest ranged from moderate to very low quality. The number of randomised studies as well as their quality is low, so more, newer studies would be needed before conclusions can be drawn about the relative effects of the trifflunopride and the low-brain-blockers.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) including 593 infants in total. These trials compared responsive feeding with scheduled interval regimens in preterm infants in the transition phase from intragastric tube feeding to oral feeding. The trials were generally small and contained various methodological weaknesses including lack of blinding and incomplete assessment of all randomised participants. Meta-analyses, although limited by data quality and availability, suggest that responsive feeding results in slightly slower rates of weight gain (MD −1.36, 95% CI −2.44 to −0.29 g/kg/day), and provide some evidence that responsive feeds reduce the time taken for infants to transition from enteral tube to oral tube feeding (MD 5.53, 95%, CI −6.80 to −4.25 days). GRADE assessments indicated low quality of evidence. The importance of this finding is uncertain as the trials did not find a strong or consistent effect on the duration of hospitalisation. None of the included trials reported any parent, caregiver, or staff views. Overall, the data do not provide strong and consistent evidence that responding to feeding cues (responsive feeding) affects important outcomes for preterm babies or their families. Some (low quality) evidence exists that infants fed in response to feeding and satiation cues achieve full oral feeding earlier than infants fed prescribed volumes at scheduled intervals. This finding should be interpreted cautiously because of methodological weaknesses in the trials. A large RCT would be needed to confirm this finding and to determine if responsive feeding affects other important outcomes.
We found two randomised trials with a total of 161 participants. One randomised trial with 133 participants showed that there was a significant improvement in ankle brachial index (ABI) in participants who received folic acid compared with placebo (mean difference (MD: 0.07, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.04 to 0.11, P < 0.001) and 5-methyltetrahydrofolate (5-MTHF) versus placebo). A second trial with 18 participants showed no difference (P non-significant) in ABI between participants receiving a multivitamin B supplement and placebo. No major events were reported. The studies did not report on mortality and rate of limb loss. Currently, no recommendation can be made regarding the value of treatment of hyperhomocysteinaemia in peripheral arterial disease. Further, well constructed trials are urgently required.
We found two randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with data from 503 dental practices, representing 821 dentists and 4771 patients. One study used a factorial design to investigate the impact of fee-for-service and an educational intervention on the placement of fissure sealants in permanent molar teeth. The authors reported a statistically significant increase in clinical activity in the arm that was incentivised with a fee- for-service payment. However, the study was conducted in the four most deprived areas of Scotland, so the applicability of the findings to other settings may be limited. The study did not report data on measures of health service utilisation or measures of patient outcomes. The second study compared capitation payments (where teeth are restored at a later stage in the disease process in the capitation system) with fees for service payments in a three-year period to assess the effect of capitation on primary care dentists’ clinical activity. This study reported on clinical activity (mean percentage of children receiving active preventive advice, the average number of visits to the dentist, patient outcomes (mean number of filled teeth, mean percentage of patients having one or more teeth extracted and the mean number of decayed teeth) and healthcare costs. The clinicians tended to see their patients less frequently and tended to carry out fewer fillings and extractions, but also tended to give more preventive advice. There was insufficient information regarding the cost-effectiveness of the different remuneration methods. We judged the risk of bias to be high for both studies and the overall quality of the evidence was low/very low for all outcomes, as assessed using the GRADE approach.
We included 21 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) reported in 54 papers involving over 17,000 women and their babies. One trial did not contribute data. Trials were generally at low risk of bias. Zinc supplementation resulted in a small reduction in preterm birth (16 RCTs; 7637 women). This was not accompanied by a similar reduction in numbers of babies with low birthweight (14 trials of 5643 women). No clear differences were seen between the zinc and no zinc groups for any of the other primary maternal or neonatal outcomes, except for induction of labour in a single trial. No differences were observed in the subgroups of women with low versus normal zinc and nutrition levels or in women who complied with their treatment versus those who did not. The GRADE quality of the evidence was moderate for preterm births, small-for-gestational age, and low birthweights, and was low for stillbirth, neonatal death and birthweight. Since the preterm association could well be due to poor nutrition, studies to address ways of improving the overall nutritional status of populations in impoverished areas rather than focusing on micronutrient and or zinc supplementation in isolation, should be an urgent priority. There was no convincing evidence that zinc supplementation during pregnancy results in other useful and important benefits.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 1656 participants. All trials used probiotics as adjuvant therapy to antifungal drugs. Probiotics increased the rate of short-term clinical cure and mycological cure and decreased relapse rate at one month. However, this effect did not translate into a higher frequency of long-term cure or relapse rate. The use of probiotics does not seem to increase the frequency of serious or non-serious adverse events. We found no eligible RCTs for outcomes such as time to first relapse, need for additional treatment at the end of therapy, patient satisfaction and cost effectiveness. There is a need for well-designed RCTS with standardized methodologies, longer follow-up and larger sample size.
We included seven randomised controlled trials (involving 696 women) in this update of the review. The trials were conducted in different countries, covering the full spectrum of the World Bank's economic classification, which enhances the applicability of evidence drawn from this review. Two trials were from Germany and Italy, which are high-income countries, while four were from upper-middle income countries; two in Iran, one in Malaysia and the fourth in Turkey; and the seventh trial was conducted in Jordan, which is a lower-middle-income country. In six trials all the participants met the inclusion criteria and in the seventh study, we included in the meta-analysis only the subgroup of participants who met our inclusion criteria. We assessed the body of evidence for the main outcomes using the GRADE tool and the quality of the evidence ranged from very low to moderate. Downgrading of evidence was based on the high risk of bias in six of the seven included trials and a small number of events and wide confidence intervals for some outcomes. The results of this Cochrane Review suggest that progestogens are probably effective in the treatment of threatened miscarriage but may have little or no effect in the rate of preterm birth. Treatment of miscarriage with the use of progestogenic drugs compared to placebo or no treatment probably reduces the risk of miscarriage; (risk ratio (RR) 0.64, 95% CI 0.47 to 0.87; 7 trials; 696 participants; moderate-quality evidence). Treatment with oral progestogen compared to no treatment also probably reduces miscarriage rate. However treatment with vaginal progesterone probably has no effect on reducing the miscarriage rate; (RR 0.75; 4 trials; 288 women; moderate quality evidence). The subgroup interaction test indicated no difference according to route of administration between the oral and vaginal subgroups of the progestone. The evidence on congenital abnormalities is uncertain, because the evidence for this outcome is based on only two small
We found five randomised controlled trials of laser photocoagulation of diabetic retinopathy but only five of these studies were eligible for inclusion in the review. A total of 4786 people (9503 eyes) were included in these studies. Three studies were conducted in the USA, one in the UK and one in Japan. The majority of participants in four of these trials were people with proliferative diabetic retinaopathy; one trial recruited mainly people with non-proliferative retinitis pigmentosa. Four of the studies evaluated panretinal photocompare with argon laser and one study investigated selective photocoupling of non-perfusion areas. All studies were at risk of bias because the treatment and control were different and no study attempted to produce a sham treatment. Three of the five studies were considered to be at high risk of attrition bias. At 12 months, there was little difference between eyes that received laser treatment and those allocated to no treatment in terms of loss of 15 or more letters of visual acuity. Longer term follow-up did not show a consistent pattern, but one study found a 20% reduction in loss of vision at five years with laser treatment. Treatment with laser reduced the risk of severe visual loss by over 50% at 12 months. There was a beneficial effect on progression of diabetic eye disease with treated eyes experiencing a 50% reduction of progression of disease and a similar reduction in risk of vitreous haemorrhage. None of the included studies reported near vision or patient-relevant outcomes such as quality of life, pain, loss of driving licence or adverse effects such as retinal detachment. We judged the evidence to be moderate or low quality, depending on the outcome. This is partly related to reporting of trials conducted many years ago, after which panreceptor photocoageulation has become the mainstay of treatment of treatment for proliferative diabetes. Future Cochrane Reviews on variations in the laser treatment protocol
We included two trials involving 269 participants. The trials were conducted in China and Italy (one was a multicentre trial). Both trials included adults with acute respiratory failure after upper abdominal surgery. The participants were mostly men (67%). The average age of the participants was 65 years. We judged both trials at high risk of bias. Compared to oxygen therapy, CPAP or bilevel NPPV may reduce the rate of tracheal intubation (low quality evidence) with a number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome of 11. There was very low quality evidence that the intervention may also reduce ICU length of stay (mean difference (MD) -1.84 days; 95% confidence interval (CI) -3.53 to -0.15). We found no differences for mortality and hospital length of stays. We found insufficient evidence to be certain that CPAP had an effect on anastomotic leakage, pneumonia-related complications, and sepsis or infections. Findings from one trial of 60 participants suggested that bilevoventricular oxygen therapy may improve blood gas levels and blood pH one hour after the intervention (partial pressure of arterial oxygen (PaO2) 22.5 mm Hg, pH: MD 0.06, 95% CI 17.19 to 27.81; partial pressure of pulmonary carbon dioxide (PCO) levels (MD -9.8 mmHg, MD -14.07 to -5.53). The trials included in this systematic review did not present data on the following outcomes that we intended to assess: gastric insufflation, fistulae, pneumothorax, bleeding, skin breakdown, eye irritation, sinus congestion, oronasal drying, and patient-ventilator asynchrony. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. More good quality studies are needed to confirm these findings.
We included four trials involving 388 women that were judged to be at an unclear to high risk of bias overall. A variety of different agents for providing analgesia were assessed in the trials, and a number of different methods to measure pain relief were used, and thus results could not be combined in meta-analysis. Three trials compared diazepam with an alternative agent (ketamine; vinydan-ether; "other" anaesthesic agent) for the provision of general anaesthesia, and one trial compared spinal analgesia to pudendal nerve block (in both groups lignocaine was administered). There is insufficient evidence to support any particular analgesic agent or method as most effective in providing pain relief for forceps delivery. No trials reported on the review's other two primary outcomes of serious maternal adverse effects or complications, and neonatal deaths or serious morbidity. In terms of secondary outcomes, women receiving diazepapam compared with vinyDan-ether, were significantly less likely to experience vomiting. No significant differences were seen for the few neonatal outcomes that were reported across any of the comparisons (including Agpar score of less than seven at five minutes and acidosis as defined by cord blood arterial pH less than 7.2). The review concluded that there is not enough evidence to recommend any particular pain-relieving agents or methods for providing effective analgesia.
We included 15 randomised controlled trials with a total of 1048 participants. Most of the trials were conducted in India, followed by Europe and the United States. The majority of participants were adults of both sexes with mild to moderate asthma for six months to more than 23 years. Five studies included yoga breathing alone, while the other studies assessed yoga interventions that included breathing, posture, and meditation. Interventions lasted from two weeks to 54 months, for no more than six months in the majority of studies. We found moderate-quality evidence that yoga probably leads to small improvements in quality of life and symptoms in people with asthma. There is more uncertainty about potential adverse effects of yoga and its impact on lung function and medication usage. No serious adverse events associated with yoga were reported, but the data on this outcome was limited. The risk of bias was low across all domains in one study and unclear or high in at least one domain for the remainder of the studies. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high for yoga for asthma.
We included 10 trials (249 participants) using different drug treatments. Seven of the 10 trials assessed single agents, and 3 assessed combined agents. Many of the studies did not present adequate data for the reporting of the primary outcome of the review, which was the percentage change in muscle strength score at six months. Trials of interferon beta-1a and MTX provided moderate-quality evidence of having no effect on the progression of IBM. A single trial of methotrexate (MTX) (n = 44) provided moderate quality evidence that MTX did not arrest or slow disease progression, based on reported percentage changes in manual muscle strength sum scores at 12 months. We assessed six of the nine fully published trials as providing very low quality evidence in relation to our primary outcome measure. We were unable to draw conclusions from trials of IVIg, oxandrolone, and AZA plus MTX versus MTX. We need more randomised controlled trials that are larger, of longer duration, and that use fully validated, standardised, and responsive outcome measures. Studies of simvastatin and bimagrumab (BYM338) are ongoing. Overall trial design limitations including risk of bias, low numbers of participants, and short duration make it difficult to say whether or not any of the drug treatments included in this review were effective. All analysed trials reported adverse events. None of the trials included prespecified criteria for significant adverse events for significant side effects. Overall, the quality of the evidence was moderate to very low.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 3144 participants, comparing linezolid with vancomycin for the treatment of SSTIs caused by MRSA. No new trials were identified for this first update. The available evidence is based on studies that were supported by the pharmaceutical company that makes the drug. The results of this review suggest that people treated in hospital with oral or intravenous line zolid are more likely to be cured than people treated intravenously. The length of stay in hospital was shorter for those treated in the lineZolid group than in the vancomYcin group. There was no significant difference in all-cause mortality between the treatment groups. No RCT reported SSTI-related and treatment-related mortality. There were fewer incidents of red man syndrome, pruritus and rash in people treated with the lineuzolid group compared with those treated with intravenous or intramuscularly administered vancomyrcin. However, more people reported thrombocytopenia, nausea and nausea when treated with a single oral dose of linezolate. The average length of hospital stay was three days shorter for people receiving linezole than for those receiving intravenous treatment. Thus, total hospital charges per patient were less with linezalone than with vanomyrcin therapy. Further well-designed, independently-funded RCTs are needed to confirm the available evidence. The evidence is up-to-date as of September 2014.
We included eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 512 participants in this review. We found no relevant differences in mortality, morbidity, and survival between the two operations. Postoperative mortality, overall survival, and morbidity showed no significant differences, except of delayed gastric emptying, which significantly favoured CW. Furthermore, we noted that operating time, intraoperative blood loss, and red blood cell transfusion were significantly reduced in the PPW group. All significant results were associated with low-quality evidence based on GRADE (Grades of Recommendation, Assessment, Development and Evaluation) criteria. Given obvious clinical and methodological heterogeneity, future high-quality RCTs of complex surgical interventions based on well-defined outcome parameters are required.
Six randomised controlled trials involving 1862 participants were included in this review. The effect of calcium channel blockers on the risk of death was reported in five of the six studies. The pooled odds ratio (OR) for the five studies was 0.91 (95% confidence interval [95% CI] 0.70 to 1.16). For the five RCTs that reported death and severe disability (unfavourable outcome), the pooled OR 0.97. In the two RCTS which reported the rate of death in a subgroup of brain injury patients with subarachnoid haemorrhage, there was a beneficial effect, though the increase in adverse reactions suffered by the intervention group may mean that the drug is harmful for some patients. This systematic review of randomised clinical trials in acute traumatic head injury patients shows that considerable uncertainty remains over their effects.
We included four randomised controlled trials with a total of 3090 participants in this review. Three trials were considered to have a relatively low risk of bias, and one trial was considered to be at a relatively high risk. When survival to hospital discharge was compared, 38 of 320 (11.88%) participants survived to discharge in the initial CPR plus delayed defibrillation group compared with 39 of 338 participants (12.54%). When we compared the neurological outcome at hospital discharge, the rate of return of spontaneous circulation (ROSC) and survival at one year, we could not rule out the superiority of either treatment approach. Adverse effects were not associated with either treatment. Owing to the low quality of available evidence, we have been unable to determine conclusively whether either immediate CPR and one and one-half to three minutes of CPR have similar effects on rates of return to spontaneous circulation, survival to discharge or neurological insult in OHCA. We have not been able to conclude whether one treatment approach provides a degree of superiority over the other. We propose that this is an area that needs further rigorous research through additional high-quality RCTs, including larger sample sizes and proper subgroup analysis.
The review of trials found that there is insufficient evidence to support the routine use of any particular intervention either for pituitary down regulation, ovarian stimulation or adjuvant therapy in the management of poor responders to controlled ovarian stimulation in IVF. More robust data from good quality randomised controlled trials with relevant outcomes are needed.
This review of 53 randomised controlled trials found that family intervention may reduce the number of relapse events and hospitalisations in people with schizophrenia. Family intervention also seems to improve general social impairment and the levels of expressed emotion within the family. However, the quality of the trials may be overestimated due to the poor methodological quality. Further data from trials that describe the methods of randomisation, test the blindness of the study evaluators, and implement the CONSORT guidelines would enable greater confidence in these findings.
We included three randomized controlled trials with 263 participants in this review. All three trials examined the treatment of symptomatic in-stent restenosis within the femoropopliteal arteries. These trials were carried out in Germany and Austria and used paclitaxel as the agent in the drug-eluting balloons. Two of the three trials were industry sponsored. The trials examined both anatomical and clinical endpoints. Most participants were followed up to 12 months, but one trial followed participants for up to 24 months. We found no clear difference in the incidence of amputation between DEBs and uncoated balloon angioplasty. DEBs showed better outcomes up to up to six months for target lesion revascularization (target lesion re-opening of the artery) and binary (hole in the heart) and for one clinical endpoint - improvement in Rutherford category post intervention. Participants treated with DEBs also showed improvement of one or more Rutherford categories at six and 12 months. Data were insufficient for subgroup or sensitivity analyses to be conducted. The certainty of evidence presented was very low due to the small number of included studies and participants and the high risk of bias in study design.
We included seven trials with a total of 922 participants in this review. Trials ranged from 32 to 242 participants. We found that corticosteroids reduced the subsequent occurrence of coronary artery abnormalities without resultant serious adverse events (no events, 737 participants) and mortality (no deaths, 915 participants). We also found evidence that steroids reduced the duration of fever, time for laboratory parameters (erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR) and C-reactive protein (CRP)) to normalise (1 study) and length of hospital stay (one study). No studies detailed outcomes beyond 24 weeks. Evidence quality was graded according to the GRADE system. Evidence was considered high quality for the incidence of serious side effects, mortality, and time for the laboratory parameters to return to normal (2 studies, 178 participants). Evidence was moderate for duration of clinical symptoms (fever, rash) due to potential subjectivity in measurement. Evidence presented in this study suggests that treatment with a long course of steroids should be considered for all children diagnosed with KD until further studies are performed. There were insufficient data available regarding incidence of adverse effects attributable to steroids, mortality and long-term (> 1 year) coronary morbidity. Certain groups, including those based in Asia, those with higher risk scores, and those receiving longer steroid treatment may have greater benefit from steroid use, especially with decreasing rates of heart problems, but more tests are needed to answer these questions. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high for all outcomes. This means that we are reasonably confident that the true effect is close to that estimated in this work.
We included eight studies comprising 846 randomised participants, of which four studies compared PIP with control groups only. Four studies involved comparisons with another treatment group (i.e. another PIP, video-interaction guidance, psychoeducation, counselling or cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT)), two of these studies included a control group in addition to an alternative treatment group. Samples included women with postpartum depression, anxious or insecure attachment, maltreated, and prison populations. We assessed potential bias (random sequence generation, allocation concealment, incomplete outcome data, selective reporting, blinding of participants and personnel to the outcome assessment, and other bias). Four studies were at low risk of bias in four or more domains. Four of the studies were of low quality. The evidence is current to September 2016. We found that PIP is effective in improving parent-child relationship and in reducing anxiety and distress, and in improving the number of secure or disorganised infant attachment. There were improvements in the proportion of infants who were securely attached at post-intervention; a reduction in the number who had an avoidant attachment style; and an increase in the percentage of infants moving from insecure to secure attachment. We did not find any differences between PIP and control in any of the other outcomes. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low or very low for the outcomes of parental depression, parent-infant interaction, and attachment change. The included studies also involved relatively few participants and wide confidence intervals (imprecision), which means that the true effect may be substantially different from the results of this review.
We found one new included study in this updated review. In total, our updated review includes 11 trials (with 753 participants). We found no convincing evidence that giving supplementary oxygen to healthy term pregnant women during elective caesarean section under regional anaesthesia is either beneficial or harmful for either the mother or the foetus' short-term clinical outcome as assessed by Apgar scores. Although, there were significant higher maternal and neonatal blood gas values and markers of free radicals when extra oxygen was given, the results should be interpreted with caution due to the low grade quality of the evidence.
We included twelve studies containing data on 2196 participants; four of these studies were newly included in this 2011 update of our 2006 Cochrane review. Six intervention groups in four trials provided data on the percentage of pills taken. Notable heterogeneity occurred among these trials (I2 = 96.3%). We found that reminder packaging increased the number of pills users took (mean difference (MD) 11% (95% confidence interval (CI) 6% to 17%). Two trials reported the proportion of self-reported adherent patients, reporting a reduction in the intervention group which was not statistically significant (odds ratio = 0.89 (CI 0.56 to 1.40)). We conducted meta-analysis on data from two trials assessing the effect of reminder packaging on blood pressure measurements (MD = 5.89 mmHg (CI -6.70 to -5.09; P < 0.00001; I2 = 0). No effect was seen on systolic blood pressure). We also conducted a combined analysis of two trials that looked at change in glycated haemoglobin levels (MD -0.72; CI 0.83 to 0.60; P = 0) although there was considerable heterogeneity. No appropriate data were available for analysis of remaining clinical outcomes, which included serum vitamin C and E levels, and self reported psychological symptoms (one trial each). We reported remaining data narratively. In one study the presence of a reminder packaging aid was found to be preferred by patients with low literacy levels. Reminder packing may represent a simple method for improving adherence for patients with selected conditions. Further research is warranted to improve the design and targeting of these devices.
We identified 15 randomised trials evaluating 11 different pharmacological interventions (methylprednisolone, multivitamin antioxidant infusion, vitamin E infusion, amrinone, prostaglandin E1, pentoxifylline, mannitol, trimetazidine, dextrose, allopurinol, and OKY 046 (a thromboxane A2 synthetase inhibitor)). All trials had high risk of bias. There were no significant differences between the groups in mortality, liver failure, or perioperative morbidity. There was no significant difference in any of the clinically relevant outcomes in the remaining comparisons. There is evidence that trimetazidine may protect against ischaemia reperfusion injury in elective liver resections performed under vascular occlusion, but this is shown in trials with small sample sizes and high-risk of bias, and the use of these drugs should be restricted to well-designed randomised clinical trials before implementing them in clinical practice.
We included 61 studies in this review. These studies included 13,327 participants of interest, of whom at least 4499 underwent renal function testing. The evidence is current to September 2015. The studies were diverse in terms of the type of kidney disease, the types of cancer, the treatments received and the duration of follow-up. We could not combine the results of the studies because the studies were so different. The majority of studies reported the occurrence of adverse renal effects, which ranged from 0% to 84%. This variation may be due to differences in the type and duration of treatment, the treatment combination, the way the study was carried out and the quality of the evidence. Seven out of 52 studies, including 244 participants, reported the prevalence of chronic kidney disease. Of these 52, 36 studied a decreased (estimated) blood pressure, including at least 432 CCS, and found it was present in between 0% and 73.7% of participants. One eligible study reported an increased risk of glomerular dysfunction after concomitant treatment with aminoglycosides and vancomycin in CCS receiving total body irradiation (TBI). Four non-eligible studies assessing a total cohort of CCS found nephrectomy and (high-dose (HD) ifosfamide as risk factors for decreased blood pressure. In addition, two non- eligible studies showed an association of a longer time period with a decreased kidney function. Twenty-two studies studied proteinuria, which was found in between 13.2% and 28.6% of people. Both non- and eligible studies investigating risk factors identified cisplatin as a risk factor. Carboplatin, nehnrectomy, abdominal radiotherapy and long follow up time were other reported risk factors. The prevalence of hypertension ranged from 1% to 50% in 30/52 studies. Risk factors reported by one eligible study were older age at screening and abdominal radiation. A non-qualified study also
The review of trials found that Niprisan® (also known as Nicosan®) was effective in reducing episodes of severe painful sickle cell disease crisis over a six-month period (low-quality evidence). It did not affect the risk of severe complications or the level of anaemia. No serious adverse effects were reported. The single trial of Cajanus cajan (Ciklavit®) reported a possible benefit to individuals with painful crises, and a possible adverse effect (non-significant) on the level in the blood of anaemic individuals. Currently no conclusions can be made regarding the efficacy of this drug. The quality of the evidence was low for the other two phytomedicines, and the results of multicentre trials are awaited. Based on the published results, phytological drugs may have a potential beneficial effect in reducing painful crises in sickle cells. This needs to be further validated in future trials.
We found three randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 1999 participants. Two trials compared standard treatment (chemotherapy plus radiotherapy) with PET-adapted therapy (treatment with radiotherapy only) in individuals with early-stage HL and negative PET scans. The third trial was more complex. Participants with HL and a negative PET scan were divided into those with a favourable or unfavourable prognosis. They were then randomised to receive PET-based or standard treatment. Following a PET scan, participants were further divided into PET-positive and PET-negative groups. To date, data from two trials have been published, making it possible to perform a meta-analysis including all three trials. Of the 1999 participants included in the three trials only 1480 were analysed. Of these, 519 excluded participants were either not included because they did not match the inclusion criteria. One study reported no deaths. The other two studies reported two deaths in participants receiving PET-protective therapy and two in those receiving standard therapy (very-low-quality evidence). Progression-free survival (PFS) was shorter in participants who received PET-compared with standard treatment without radiotherapy. This difference was also apparent in comparisons of participants receiving no additional radiotherapy versus radiotherapy (standard therapy) and in those who received chemotherapy but no radiotherapy compared with standard therapy. Short-term adverse events (side effects) only were assessed in one trial, which showed no evidence of a difference between the treatment arms. No data on long-term AEs were reported in any of the trials. No robust data on OS, response rate, TRM, quality of life, or short- and long term AEs are available. However, this systematic review found moderate quality evidence that PFS was shorter for individuals with HL who had a positive PET scan receiving chemotherapy only rather than radiotherapy alone (PET-adapt
We found 31 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared different types of birth control pills, injectables, a vaginal ring, and implants. Twenty-one trials compared combined oral contraceptives (COCs); others examined different COC regimens, progestin-only pills, injections, and vaginal rings. None included a placebo. Of 34 comparisons, eight had any notable difference between the study groups in an outcome. Twelve trials studied desogestrel-containing COCs, and the few differences from levonorgestrel COC were inconsistent. A meta-analysis of two studies showed the desogestedrel group had a higher mean fasting glucose (MD 0.20; 95% CI 0.00 to 0.41). Where data could not be combined, single studies showed lower fasting glucose and higher means for two-hour glucose response and insulin area under the curve (AUC). Three trials examined the etonogestre vaginal ring and one examined an etonoglobulin implant. One trial showed the ring group had lower mean AUC insulin than the group using a levonergestrel. Of eight trials of norethisterone preparations, five compared oral contraceptives and three compared injectables. In a COC trial, a group using depot medroxyprogesterone acetate had higher mean change in fasting glucose, glucose response, and fasting insulin (MD 17.00; 95%, CI 5.67 to 28.33). In an injectable study, the injectable group had higher AUC glucose and AUC for fasting glucose. One showed the group with nomegestrel acetate plus 17β-estradiol had lower means for incremental AUC and glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) (a measure of blood sugar). Two trials compared extended versus conventional (cyclic) regimens. With a dien
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) in this review. Nine trials (549 participants) showed that exercise can reduce pain and improve physical function in people with symptomatic hip OA. There was no significant difference in pain or physical function between people with hip or knee OA and those who did not exercise. The reduction in pain was sustained at least three to six months after ceasing monitored treatment. Pain and physical function were estimated to be 29 points on a 0- to 100-point scale (0 was no pain or loss of physical function) in the control group; exercise reduced pain by an equivalent of 8 points (95% confidence interval (CI) 4 to 11 points; number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) 6) and improved physical function by a mean of 7 points. Only three small studies (183 participants) evaluated quality of life, with overall low quality evidence, with no benefit of exercise demonstrated (SMD -0.07, 95% CI 0.23 to 0.36). Quality of life was 50 points in the general population in the comparison group and 0 points for the exercise group. Moderate-quality evidence from seven trials (715 participants) indicated an increased likelihood of withdrawal from the exercise allocation (event rate 6%) compared with the control groups, but this difference was not significant (risk difference 1%). Of the five studies reporting adverse events, each study reported only one or two events and all were related to increased pain attributed to the exercise programme. Pooling the results of these 10 RCTs demonstrated that land-based therapeutic exercise programmes can reduce the pain and improvement in physical function among people with symptoms of hip pain. Pain was reduced by 8 points on the 0 to 100 point scale in the intervention group and by a sustained reduction of pain intensity of 4 to 12 points in those who continued to exercise after stopping treatment. The improvement in
This review of trials found that exercise therapy can be beneficial for patients with MS who are not experiencing an exacerbation. The results of the present review suggest that exercise therapies can help to improve activities and participation. There is an urgent need for consensus on a core set of outcome measures to be used in exercise trials. In addition, these studies should experimentally control for 'dose' of treatment, type of MS and should include sufficient contrast between experimental and control groups. No evidence of deleterious effects of exercise therapy was described in included studies.
We found only one randomised clinical trial that compared early laparoscopic cholecystectomy (less than 24 hours after diagnosis of biliary colic) with delayed laparoscopy. This trial included 75 participants (average age: 43 years; females: 65% of participants), randomised to either early or delayed (within 24 hours of diagnosis) bile duct surgery. Information on the outcome mortality was available for the 75 participants. There were no deaths in the early group (0/35) (0%) versus 1/40 (2.5%) in the delayed group (P > 0.9999). There was no serious adverse events related to the surgery in either group. The other outcomes were available for 28 participants (28 people in the earlier group) and 35 participants (35 people) in the later group. During the waiting period, complications developed in both groups. The complications that the participants suffered included pancreatitis (n = 1), empyema of the gallbladder (e.g. bleeding in the stomach), perforation (wound in the gallus), gallbladders perforations (perforations in the abdomen), acute cholecyscystitis (cholangitis), obstructive jaundice (jaundice), and recurrent bile colic (requiring hospital visits). In total, 14 participants required hospital admissions for the above symptoms. All of these admissions occurred in the group where all the participants were operated on within 24 hours. The trial did not report quality of life or return to work. The proportion of people who developed serious complications was 0/28 (0%), which was significantly lower than in the late group (22.5%). There was a statistically significant shorter hospital stay (by 1.25 days) and a significantly shorter operating time (by 14.80 minutes) in people who had early biliary surgery compared with those who had delayed surgery. Based on evidence from only one high
We included 11 trials in this review. Seven of these trials provided evidence for the main comparison and the primary outcome and these were pooled. Overall, long-term antibiotic prophylaxis probably reduces the risk of SSI (moderate-quality evidence). There is uncertainty surrounding the relative effects of short-term antibiotics compared with a single dose. No reports described adverse effects associated with the drugs in those trials that reported in this outcome. None of the trials assessed or reported data regarding other outcomes, and information was insufficient to show whether a specific antibiotic is better than another. Most of the studies had an unclear risk of bias prompting us to downgrade the quality of evidence for our outcomes.
We found only one small trial, involving 40 infants and 42 women. The trial was underpowered to detect clinically important outcome differences between the two policies. There were no significant benefits or adverse effects of elective preterm birth at 36 weeks' gestation for fetal gastroschisis. The primary outcomes were caesarean section and neonatal survival to discharge. Two babies died after birth but before discharge in the elective (intervention) group versus none in the spontaneous group (risk ratio (RR) 5.00; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.26 to 98.00, one study, n = 40). Seven women (33%) of the women in the intervention group and nine women (43%) of those in the non-intervention group had a preterm baby delivered by caesarian section (RR 0.78, 95% CI 0.36 to 1.70). Similarly, for the secondary outcomes, there were no statistical differences in birthweight, ventilation requirements, necrotising enterocolitis and requirement for repeat surgery between the groups. None of our prespecified maternal secondary outcomes were reported in the included study. We also examined gestational age at birth as a non-prespecified outcome. There was a small mean difference between the arms of the trial (35.8 weeks (SD 0.7) in the group of women who had an elective birth and 36.7 (SD 1.5) women who received a spontaneous birth (RR 1.7). Possible reasons for this may include a trend towards spontaneous preterm births in pregnancies complicated by fetal stomach acidosis. This review is unable to draw any firm conclusions regarding pretermbirth for infants with gastroschaemia. It is not possible to say whether the intervention is beneficial or harmful for these babies or their mothers. Further research is needed in this area.
We found three studies in adults, lasting up to one week, in which paracetamol was used as an add-on to established treatment with strong opioids (median daily morphine equivalent doses of 60 mg, 70 mg, and 225 mg, with some participants taking several hundred mg of oral morphine equivalents daily). We found no studies in children. One study was parallel-group, and two had a cross-over design. None of the studies reported any of our primary outcomes: pain reduction of at least 50%, and at least 30%, from baseline; participants with pain no worse than mild at the end of the treatment period; or participants with Patient Global Impression of Change (PGIC) of much improved or very much improved (or equivalent wording). What pain reports there were indicated no difference in pain relief when added to another treatment. There was no convincing evidence of any difference in quality of life, use of rescue medication, or participant satisfaction or preference. Measures of harm (serious adverse events, other side effects, and withdrawal due to lack of efficacy) were inconsistently reported and provided no clear evidence of difference. Our GRADE assessment of evidence quality was very low for all outcomes, because studies were at high risk of bias from several sources. There is no high-quality evidence to support or refute the use of the first two steps of the three-step WHO cancer pain ladder. It is not clear whether any additional analgesic benefit could be detected in the available studies, in view of the doses of opioids used.
This review of 15 randomised controlled trials found that there were not enough data to confidently inform clinical practice. The quality of reporting was poor with no studies clearly describing allocation concealment and much data were missing or unusable. All results are vulnerable to considerable bias. Most frequently the primary outcome was the diameter of the wet patch on the pillow. Antimuscarinics (astemizole, diphenhydramine, propantheline, doxepin) were the most commonly evaluated drugs. For the outcome of 'no clinically important improvement' astemizole and diphenHydramine were more effective than placebo. However, the doses of a stemizole used were those that can cause side effects. Data involving propanheline were heterogeneous (I2= 86.6%), but both studies showed benefit over placebo. Of the other interventions, oryzanol (rice bran oil and rice embryo oil extract) showed a benefit over the antimuscarinic doxepin (n=104, 1 RCT, RR 0.45 CI 0.27 to 0.75, NNT 4 CI 2 to 7). The Chinese medicine suo quo wan (comprises spicebush root, Chinese yam and bitter cardamom) showed an advantage over doxapin (N=70, 1 trial, RR 1.5 CI 1.7 to 3.7). There are currently not enough trials to confidently answer this question. Well conducted randomised trials are possible. Some may be underway. The limitations of these studies are plentiful and the risk of bias is high. These trials, however, are invaluable guides for current and future study design. Current practice outside of well designed randomised clinical trials should be clearly justified.
We included six randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 195 participants with MS. Two trials compared inspiratory muscle training with a threshold device; three trials compared expiratory muscle-training with no active control or sham training; and one trial compared regular breathing exercises with standard breathing exercises. Eighteen participants (˜ 10%) dropped out; trials reported no serious adverse events. We pooled and analyzed data of 5 trials (N=137) for both inspiratory and exergetic muscle training, using a fixed-effect model for all but one outcome. The quality of evidence was low for all outcomes because of limitations in design and implementation as well as imprecision of results. This review provides low-quality evidence that resistive inspiratory exercises with a resistive threshold device is moderately effective postintervention for improving predicted maximal inspiratory pressure in people with mild to moderate MS. However, there was no significant difference between groups with regard to the predicted maximum amount of pressure. One trial assessed quality of life, finding no differences between groups. For all predetermined secondary outcomes, we could not perform cumulative meta-analysis or subgroup analyses because of the low number of studies included. It was not possible to perform a combined analysis for side effects, no serious side effects were mentioned in any of the included trials.
This review identified one randomised controlled trial (RCT) comparing betamethasone (1.5 mg/day) with no medication for treating ITP during pregnancy. This trial included 38 women (41 pregnancies) and 26 women (28 pregnancies) being analysed. Maternal death, perinatal mortality, postpartum haemorrhage and neonatal bleeding were not studied by this RCT. Current evidence indicates that compared to no medication, betametasone did not reduce the risk of neonatal thrombocytopenia (blood clots in the brain of the newborn baby) or the number of newborns who had bleeding in the mother's womb. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of betameta for ITP in pregnant women. This systematic review also identifies the need for well-designed, adequately powered randomised clinical trials for this medical condition during pregnancy, which should test a variety of important outcomes, including maternal, neonatal or both outcome measures.
We found two completed studies, with a total of 111 participants (n = 30 and n = 81), both conducted in Iran, that met our inclusion criteria. Participants had moderate to severe keratoconus pre-operatively and were randomly allocated to receive either DALK or penetrating keratoplasty. Only one eye of each participant was treated as part of the trials. The smaller study had 12 month follow-up data for all participants. For the larger study, four DALK surgeries had to be abandoned due to technical failure and visual and refractive outcomes were not measured in these participants. Follow-up length for the remaining 77 participants ranged from 6.8 to 36.4 months, with all 77 followed for at least three months post-suture removal. Details of the randomisation procedure were unavailable for the smaller study and so we were unable to determine if the results from this study had affected the overall results of the review. Neither of the included studies reported a difference between groups on any of the measures of post-graft visual achievement, keratometric astigmatism or spherical equivalent. No postoperative graft failure was reported in the DALK group of either study. Instances of graft rejection were reported in both groups, in both studies. The majority of these cases were successfully treated with steroids. The data, which related to all cases in each study - given that the four cases that did not go ahead as planned had already technically failed without presence of rejection - showed that rejection was less likely to occur in DALK (odds ratio (OR): 0.33, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.14 to 0.81, GRADE rating: moderate). Results of the sensitivity analysis indicated that inclusion of the Razmju 2011 study did not bias the results with regards to rejection episodes. While the data available from the Javadi 2010 study alone had a very wide 95% CI, suggesting an imprecise estimate, it is still difficult to draw
We included 67 randomised controlled trials (from 76 reports), recruiting 8506 women, in this review. The evidence is current to August 2015. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand and the United Kingdom. The number of women included in analyses varied greatly between outcomes, with haemoglobin concentration being the outcome with the largest number of participants analysed (6861 women). Only 10 studies were considered at low overall risk of bias, with most studies presenting insufficient details about trial quality. Women receiving iron were less likely to be anaemic at the end of intervention compared to women receiving control (10 studies, 3273 women, moderate quality evidence). Women had a higher haenoglobin concentration (high quality evidence) and a lower risk of iron deficiency (moderate quality evidence), but no studies reported on iron-deficiency anaemia and no deaths. Seven trials recruiting 901 women reported on 'any side effect' and did not identify an overall increased prevalence of side effects from iron supplements. Five studies recruiting 521 women identified an increased risk of gastrointestinal side effects in women taking iron. Six studies recruiting 604 women identified a higher prevalence of loose stools/diarrhoea; eight studies recruiting 1036 women found an increased likelihood of hard stools or constipation. Seven studies recruiting 1190 women identified evidence of abdominal pain among women randomised to iron. Eight studies recruiting 1214 women did not find any evidence of an increased frequency of nausea. Evidence that iron supplementation improves cognitive performance in women is uncertain, as studies could not be combined and individual studies reported conflicting results. Iron supplementation improved maximal and submaximal exercise performance, and appears to reduce symptomatic fatigue. Daily iron supplementation effectively reduces the prevalence of anaemia, iron deficiency and iron stores, and improves exercise performance. These benefits come at the expense of increased gastrointestinal symptomatic side effects.
This review identified five randomised controlled trials with a total of 1,726 patients. The evidence is current to September 2014. The review found that there was no overall survival benefit of the combination treatment with irinotecan and fluoropyrimidine over irinotsurgery alone. However, this result may have been driven by findings from a single first-line treatment setting study. The quality of evidence for overall survival was low and for progression-free survival was moderate, mainly due to study limitation from the lack of information on randomisation methods and allocation concealment. There were higher risks of toxicity outcomes grade 3 or 4 diarrhoea and grade 1 or 2 alopecia, and a lower risk of grade 3/4 neutropenia in controls compared to the invervention group. Evidence for toxicity has been assessed to be low to moderate quality. There was no reduction in all-cause mortality in the combination arm, with a summary hazard ratio (HR) of 0.91 (95% CI: 0.81-1.02). Longer progression-less survival was observed in those treated with the combination chemotherapy, however, this was based on findings from one study.
The review of trials found that a transverse or oblique incision has less impact on pulmonary function particularly in the early post-operative period and is less prone to rupture (wound dehiscence/incisional hernia). The data on pain is less clear and should be interpreted with caution. There was no difference seen in other early or late post-operatively complications and recovery times although the transverse incision may be cosmetically more acceptable. The analgesia use and the pulmonary compromise may be reduced but this does not seem to be significant clinically as pulmonary complication rates and recovery time were the same. The likelihood of wound rupture and rupture appears to be reduced with a transversal incision and may look better. The methodological and clinical diversity and the potential for bias of the trials mean that the results should be treated with caution and that the optimal incision for abdominal surgery still remains the preference of the surgeon.
We included a total of nine randomised controlled trials (981 participants) in this review. Five studies were conducted in Europe and four in North America. The mean age across trials ranged between 32.0 and 43.7 years. In MBR compared to usual care for subacute LBP, individuals receiving MBR had less pain and less disability, as well as increased likelihood of return-to-work and fewer sick leave days, at 12-month follow-up. The effect sizes for pain and disability were low in terms of clinical meaningfulness, whereas effects for work-related outcomes were in the moderate range. However, when comparing MBR to other treatments (i.e. brief intervention with features from a light mobilization program and a graded activity program, functional restoration, brief clinical intervention including education and advice on exercise, and psychological counselling), we found no differences between the groups in pain, functional disability, and time away from work, and no difference in adverse events. The available research provides mainly low to very low-quality evidence, thus additional high-quality trials are needed before we can describe the value of MBP for clinical practice. All included studies were judged as having high risk of bias and high-risk of detection bias due to lack of blinding, and four of the nine studies suffered from at least one additional source of possible bias.
We included 18 trials reporting on 4843 participants comparing the effect of bisphosphonate administration to control regimens in men with bone metastases from prostate cancer. The evidence is current to August 2018. Bisphosphoate administration probably decreases the number of skeletal-related events and disease progression. We found no clear difference in the proportion of participants with pain response between bisphophosphonates and controls. We were unable to extract any quantitative data for meta-analysis because the outcome measures used in the trials varied greatly across trials and we were not able to combine the results of the individual trials. We probably increased the risk of nausea and renal side effects in men receiving bisphosporinates compared to control groups. We did not find any clear difference between the two groups in terms of the number with osteonecrosis of the jaw between groups. The quality of the evidence was low to very low for pain response, mortality and progression of the disease. There may be no difference in quality of life and pain between men with prostate cancer treated with or without radiotherapy or radiotherapy alone. We judged the quality of evidence to be moderate for the outcome of pain response and low for the outcomes of mortality, progression of disease and kidney side effects.
We found five randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared HDT + ASCT with chemotherapy or immuno-chemotherapy in 1093 patients with FL. Four trials were in previously untreated patients and one trial in relapsed patients. All trials were randomised and judged to be open-label studies, because usually trials evaluating stem cell transplantation are not blinded. Due to the small number of studies in each analysis (four or less), the quantification of heterogeneity was not reliable and was not evaluated in further detail. A potential source of bias is uncertainties in the HR calculation. For OS, the HR had to be calculated for three trials from survival curves, for PFS for two trials. We found a statistically significant increased PFS in patients with previously untreated FL patients in the treatment arm (HR = 0.42 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.33 to 0.54; P < 0.00001). However, this effect is not transferred into an OS advantage. The subgroup of trials adding rituximab to both intervention arms (one trial) confirms these results and the trial has to be stopped early after an interim analysis due to a significant PFS advantage in the HDT plus ASCT arm (PFS: 0.36; 95% CI 0.23 to 0). For patients with relapsed FL, there is some evidence (N = 70) that HDT+ ASCT is advantageous in terms of progression-free survival and OS. No statistically significant differences were detected between the two treatment arms for TRM, secondary acute myeloid leukaemia/myelodysplastic syndromes or solid cancers. Adverse events were rarely reported and were observed more frequently (mostly infections and haematological toxicity). In summary, the currently available evidence suggests a strong PFS benefit for HDT and ASCT compared with chemotherapy and immun
We included 15 randomised trials (1437 participants) of WDD for schizophrenia. There was a high risk of bias within the trials but overall, risk for selection, attrition and reporting bias was low or unclear. Data showed WDD improved the short-term global state of participants compared with placebo or no treatment. However, WDD was associated with fewer people experiencing extrapyramidal effects (EPS) compared with other treatments (2 RCTs n = 140, RR 1.18 95% CI 0.98 to 1.43, moderate-quality evidence) and mental state (total endpoint Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS): 2 RCTS, n =140, RR 0.84, RR -4.17 to -5.84). However, there was no difference between WDD and other antipsychotic drugs, such as chlorpromazine or risperidone, and WDD did not improve global or mental state when compared with antipsychotics alone. WDD also showed benefits for global and mental health, and the combination caused fewer side effects. When WDD + antipsychoid was compared to antipsychiotic alone, the combination group had better global state (short-term results, 6 RCT: 684 participants; RR -13.33 to - 9.94), fewer people with EPS, and reduction of the mean use of risaridone (1 RCT n = 107, MD -0.70, 0.87 to - 0.53). There was no effect on weight gain. There were no data directly reporting quality of life, hospital service use and economics. The available evidence is not high quality. Better designed large studies are needed to fully and fairly test the effects of W DD for people with schizophrenia.
We included 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 799 participants in this review. The evidence is current to September 2015. The review assessed six comparisons. 1. Multistrand stainless steel versus superelastic nickel-titanium (NiTi) arch wires. There were five studies in this group and it was appropriate to undertake a meta-analysis of two of them. There is insufficient evidence from these studies to determine whether there is a difference in rate of alignment between multistrand and supererelastic NiTi arch wires (low-quality evidence). The findings for pain at day 1 as measured on a 100 mm visual analogue scale suggested that there was no meaningful difference between the interventions (moderate-quality results). 2. Multistingrand stainless Steel versus thermoelastic Ni Ti arch wires. There were two studies in the group, but it was not appropriate to analyse the data. There was insufficient evidence to determine if there is any difference in pain between the two types of wire. 3. Conventional NiTi versus conventional NiTi arches. There was three studies in these groups, but there was not enough evidence to be able to draw any conclusions about whether there was any difference between these types of wires with regard to either alignment or pain. 4. Single-strand versus coaxial (single strand) supelerelastic (single strand) NiTi (single wire) arch wire. There is only one study (24 participants) in this comparison. There are moderate-quality findings showing that single-stranded (single or single strand) single strand NiTi can produce greater tooth movement over 12 weeks than arch wires made of single- strand superespecified NiTi. Pain was not measured. 5. Superelastics versus thermolyelastic (two studies). There were three studies, but we could not combine the results of these two groups. There may be no
This review includes just one study of 306 older people with dementia and an average age of 86 years, conducted across 16 nursing homes in France. The study did not measure any of our primary or secondary outcomes but did measure behavioural change using three measurement scales: the Cohen-Mansfield Agitation Inventory (CMAI), the Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI), and the Observation Scale (OS). For the CMAI, the study reports a Global score (29 items rated on a seven-point scale (1 = never occurs to 7 = occurs several times an hour) and summed to give a total score ranging from 29 to 203) for the following four domains: Physically Non-Aggressive Behaviour, such as pacing (13 items), Verbally Aggressive Beh behaviour, (nine items), and swearing (three items). Four of the five scales improved in the intervention group (Global: change mean difference (MD) 5.69 points, 95% confidence interval (CI) −9.59 to −1.79; Physically non-aggressive Behaviour: change MD 0.32 points; and Verbally Non-aggression Behaviour; change MD −0.44 points). There was no difference in change scores (MD 0.08 points) between the intervention and control groups for Physically Aggressive behaviour. There were no differences in NPI or OS change scores between groups by the end of the study. Using GRADE guidelines, we rated the quality of this evidence as very low due to high risk of bias and indirectness of the outcome measures. We also identified one ongoing study. The limited evidence means that uncertainty remains around the effectiveness of de-escalation and the relative efficacy of different techniques. High-quality research is urgently needed.
We included 13 trials with 1316 participants in a qualitative synthesis. Eleven trials had a small sample size and short follow-up periods. Nine trials compared different topical skin care products, including a combination of products. Two trials tested a structured skin care procedure. One trial compared different frequencies of application. The evidence in this review is current up to 28 September 2016. We found evidence in two trials, being of low and moderate quality, that soap and water performed poorly in the prevention and treatment of IAD (primary outcomes of this review). The first trial indicated that the use of a skin cleanser might be more effective than using soap. The second trial suggested that a washcloth with cleansing, moisturising, and protecting properties might be better than soap. Findings from the other trials suggest that applying leave-on products (moisturisers, skin protectants, or a combination) and avoiding soap seems to be effective than withholding these products. No trial reported on the third primary outcome 'number of participants not satisfied with treatment' or on adverse effects. Little evidence exists on the effects of interventions for preventing and treating IAD in adults. High quality confirmatory trials using standardised, and comparable prevent and treatment regimens in different settings/regions are required. Furthermore, to increase the comparability of trial results, we recommend the development of a core outcome set, including validated measurement tools. The overall risk of bias in the included studies was high.
We included seven randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 333 participants in our review. Three trials studied hospitalised patients, two trials were conducted in an outpatient setting, while the trial setting was unclear in two studies. Participants' ages ranged from two years to young adults. Follow-up varied from 20 days to six months. The antivirals in the included studies were acyclovir, valomaciclovir and valacycloviral. The diagnosis of IM was based on clinical symptoms and laboratory parameters. The quality of the evidence was graded as very low for all outcomes and so the results should be interpreted with caution. There were statistically significant improvements in two of the 12 outcomes. These improvements may be of limited clinical significance. There was a mean reduction in 'time to clinical recovery as assessed by physician' of five days in the treatment group but with wide confidence intervals (CIs) (95% CI -8.04 to -1.08; two studies, 87 participants). Prospective studies indicate that clinical signs and symptoms may take one month or more to resolve and that fatigue may be persistent in approximately 10% of patients at six-month follow-up, so this may not be a clinically meaningful result. Trial results for the outcome 'adverse events and side effects of medication' were reported narratively in only five studies. In some reports authors were unsure whether an adverse event was related to medication or complication of disease. These results could not be pooled due to the potential for double counting results but overall, the majority of trials reporting this outcome did not find any significant difference between treatment and control groups. In terms of viral shedding, the overall effect from six studies was that viral shedding was suppressed while on antiviral treatment, but this effect was not sustained when treatment stopped. For all other outcomes there was no statistically significant difference in antiviral therapy and control treatment
This review examined four trials lasting 24 to 52 weeks involving 2250 people randomised to either insulin detemir or glargine. Insulin glucargine was dosed once-daily in the evening with the option of an additional dose in the morning in three studies and initiated twice daily in one study. The results showed no significant differences in overall, nocturnal and severe hypoglycaemia between treatment groups. Glycaemic control, measured by glycosylated haemoglobin A1c and HbA1c equal to or less than 7% with or without low blood sugar, did not differ statistically significantly between the treatment groups, but insulin glargines resulted in lower daily basal insulin dose and a lower number of injection site reactions. There was no significant difference in the variability of FPG or glucose values in 24-hour profiles between the intervention groups. Only one trial reported results on health-related quality of life and showed no clear differences between the groups. Our analyses suggest that there is no clinically relevant difference in efficacy or safety between insulin detenir and insulin gl argine for targeting hyperglycaemia. However, to achieve the same blood sugar control, insulin detamir was often injected twice-daily, in a higher dose but with less weight gain, with somewhat fewer injections site reactions, and was associated with fewer weight gain. It was not possible to draw conclusions on quality oflife, costs or mortality. Overall, risk of bias of the evaluated studies was high.
The review of trials found that SNS can improve continence in a proportion of patients with faecal incontinence. However, SNS did not improve symptoms in patients with constipation. In addition, adverse events occurred in some patients where these were reported. Side effects were reported in a percentage of participants: pain at implant site (6%), seroma (2%) and excessive tingling in the vaginal region (9%). In the parallel group trial carried out by Thin, 15 participants with FI in the SNS group experienced fewer episodes of abdominal pain compared with the percutaneous tibial nerve stimulation (PTNS) group (MD −3.20, 95% confidence interval (CI) −9.15 to −1.25 at 3 months; MD −6.30 and 95% CI −10.34 to −2.26 at 12 months). Adverse events were reported by three participants: mild ipsilateral leg pain during temporary testing (n = 1); and stimulator-site pain following insertion of a neurostimulator (2). In the crossover trial by Leroi 7 of 34 recruited participants were excluded from the crossover due mainly to complications or immediate device failure. Twenty-four of the remaining 27 participants while still blinded chose the period of stimulation they had preferred. Outcomes were reported separately for 19 participants who preferred the 'on' and five who preferred 'off' period. For the group of 19 participants, the median (range) episodes of faeca-infraction per week fell from 1.7 (0 to 9) to be reported during the off' period to 0 to 5 (0.7) during the on' period; however, the range of episodes of frequency rose from 1 to 11. No side effects occurred. In the trial by Vaizey, participants reported an average of six, and one, episodes of urine leakage per week during the one-week ‘on’ or �
The review of trials found that molar tubes bonded with either a chemically-cured or a light-coloured adhesive were more likely to fail than molar bands cemented with glass ionomer cement. There was no evidence that there was any difference between the two groups in terms of first time failure at the patient level. However, there was some evidence to suggest that there may be less decay of the molar teeth with molar tubs bonded with a glass-ionomer cement than with a molar band bonded with glass-colored adhesive. However there were no other adverse events identified. More research is needed to confirm these findings.
We identified 66 articles (published between 1988 and 2012) that were eligible according to the inclusion criteria. We collected the data on 7747 patients with gastric cancer who were staged with EUS. Overall the quality of the included studies was good: in particular, only five studies presented a high risk of bias in the way that the results were interpreted. For primary tumor (T) stage, results were stratified according to depth of invasion of the gastric wall. The meta-analysis of 50 studies (n = 4397) showed that the summary sensitivity and specificity of EUS in discriminating T1 to T2 (superficial) versus T3 to T4 (advanced) gastric carcinomas were 0.86 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.81 to 0.90) and 0.87 (CI 0.9 to 1.0) respectively. For the diagnostic capacity of EU to distinguish T1 (early gastric cancers) versus the T2 stage (muscle-infiltrating) tumors, the meta-analyses of 46 studies (2742) showed 0.85 (CI 95% CI 0.78 to 091) and 1.90 (CI 90% CI 95%CI 95%) respectively. Finally, for the metastatic involvement of lymph nodes (N-stage), the meta analysis of 44 studies (3573) showed 1.83 (CI 83% CI 3573 to 3573) and 2.67 (CI 65% CI 67% CI 68% CI 73% CI 61% CI 64% CI 62% CI 59% CI 55% CI 54% CI 52% CI 51% CI 50% CI 46% CI 44% CI 43% CI 42% CI 41% CI 45% CI 40% CI 36% CI 33% CI 34% CI 37% CI 31% CI 32% CI 28% CI 30% CI 25% CI 26% CI 24% CI 27%
We identified six randomised clinical trials involving 492 participants undergoing day-surgery laparoscopic cholecystectomy (n = 239) versus overnight stay laparoscopically operated on the gallbladder. The number of participants in each trial ranged from 28 to 150. The proportion of women in the trials varied between 74% and 84%. The average or median age of the participants varied between 40 and 47 years. With regards to primary outcomes, only one trial reported short-term deaths. However, the trial stated that there were no deaths in either of the groups. We inferred from the other outcomes that there was no short term mortality in the remaining trials. Long-term mortality was not reported in any of the trials. There was no significant difference in the rate of serious adverse events between the two groups (4 trials; 391 participants; 7/191 (1.6%) versus 1/200 (0.5%) in the overnight stay surgery group; rate ratio 3.24; 95% CI 0.74 to 14.09). Quality of life was not significantly different between the group of participants who underwent day surgery and the group that underwent overnight surgery. There were no significant differences between the groups regarding pain, time to return to normal activity or earlier return to work. No significant difference was seen in hospital readmission rate (5 trials; 464 participants; 6/225 (weighted rate 0.5%), 5/239 (2.1%) or 5/154 (3.2%) in terms of the proportion of people requiring hospital readmissions or in the percentage of failed discharge (failure to be discharged as planned). No significant differences were seen in the number of people who were readmitted to the hospital or failed discharge from the hospital. For all outcomes except pain, the accrued information was far less than the diversity-adjusted required information size to exclude random errors (play of chance). The quality of the evidence for the safety of day
We included eight studies, involving 2488 participants, two more studies and 415 more participants than the previous version of this review. High-concentration topical capsaicin used to treat postherpetic neuralgia, HIV-neuropathy, and painful diabetic neuropathy generated more participants with moderate or substantial levels of pain relief than control treatment, using a much lower concentration of Capsaicin. These results should be interpreted with caution as the quality of the evidence was moderate or very low. The additional proportion who benefited over control was not large, but for those who did obtain high levels pain relief, there were usually additional improvements in sleep, fatigue, depression, and quality of life. No deaths were judged to be related to study medication. Local adverse events were common, but not consistently reported. Serious side effects were no more common with active treatment (3.5%) than with control (3). Adverse event withdrawals did not differ between groups, but lack of efficacy withdrawals were somewhat more common in control than active treatment, based on small numbers of events (six to eight studies; 21 to 67 events; moderate quality evidence, downgraded due to few events). The quality of evidence for efficacy outcomes ranged from low to very low, due to sparse data, imprecision, possible effects of imputation methods, and susceptibility to publication bias.
We included three trials involving 6343 participants. The trials differed in the methods of measurement of carotid stenosis and in the definition of stroke. We did a pooled analysis of individual patient data on 6092 participants (35,000 patient years of follow-up), after reassessing the carotids angiograms and outcomes from all three trials using the primary electronic data files, and redefined outcome events where necessary, to achieve comparability. On re-analysis, there were no significant differences between the trials in the risks of any of the main outcomes in either of the treatment groups, or in the effects of surgery. Surgery increased the five-year risk of ipsilateral ischaemic stroke in participants with less than 30% stenosis (N = 1746, risk ratio (RR) 1.27, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.80 to 2.01), had no significant effect in participants (1429, RR 0.93, CI 0.62 to 1.38) with 30% to 49% narrowing, was of benefit in participants 50% to 69% narrowing and was highly beneficial in participants 70% to 99% narrowing without near-occlusion. However, there was no evidence of benefit (n = 271, RR 1.05, CI 1.03, RR 2.04) in participants who were close to the narrowing. Endarterectomy was of some benefit for participants with 50% or 69% symptomatic stenosis, and highly beneficial for those with 70% or 99% narrowed arteries. We found no benefit in people with near-OCclusion (high-quality evidence).
We included 10 retrospective cohort studies, with a total of 864 participants. The participants underwent enterostomy placement in the frame of an operation for: rectal cancer, ulcerative colitis, familial adenomatous polyposis, and other (2/60). The results between the lateral pararectal and the transrectal approach groups were inconclusive for the incidence of parastomal herniation, development of ileus or stenosis, or skin irritation. The results were also inconclusive in the subgroup analysis in which we compared the effect of the ileostomy versus colostomy approach on the occurrence of hernia. The available moderate-, low-, and very low-quality evidence, does not support or refute the superiority of one of the studied stoma formation techniques over the other. None of the included studies measured other stoma-related morbidity, or death from any cause. The present systematic review of randomized and non-randomized studies found inconsistent results between interventions regarding their potential to prevent parastatal hernation. In conclusion, there is still a lack of high quality evidence to support the ideal surgical technique of stoma forming.
We found 24 relevant studies, with 2126 participants. We found no significant differences between supportive therapy and standard care. There were, however, significant differences favouring other psychological or psychosocial treatments over supportive therapy. These included hospitalisation rates, clinical improvement in mental state and satisfaction of treatment for the recipient of care. For this comparison, we found no evidence of significant differences for rate of relapse, leaving the study early and quality of life. When we compared supportive therapy to cognitive behavioural therapy CBT, we again found no differences in primary outcomes. There was very limited data to compare supportive therapy with family therapy and psychoeducation, and no studies provided data regarding clinically important change in general functioning, one of our primary outcomes of interest. Overall, the evidence was of very low quality. There are several outcomes, including hospitalisation and general mental state, indicating advantages for other psychological therapies over supportive therapies but these findings are based on a few small studies where we graded the evidence as very low. Future research would benefit from larger trials that use supportive therapy as the main treatment arm rather than the comparator.
We found 11 studies, lasting one week or longer, involving 949 participants with cancer pain of moderate or severe severity. Most studies were at high risk of bias for blinding, incomplete outcome data, or small size; none was unequivocally at low risk. None had a placebo only control; eight studies compared different NSAIDs, three an NSAID with opioid or opioid combination, and one both. None compared NSAIDs plus opioid with the same dose of opioid alone. It was not possible to compare NSAIDs as a group with another treatment, or one NSAID compared with another NSAID. Results for all NSAIDs are reported as a randomised cohort. We judged results for all outcomes as very low-quality evidence. None of the studies reported our primary outcomes of participants with pain reduction of at least 50%, and at least 30%, from baseline; participants with Patient Global Impression of Change (PGIC) of much improved or very much improved (or equivalent wording). With NSAID, the pain was reduced to no worse than mild pain after one or two weeks in four studies (415 participants in total), with a range of estimates between 26% and 51% in individual studies. Adverse event and withdrawal reporting was inconsistent. Common adverse events were thirst/dry mouth (15%), loss of appetite (14%), somnolence (11%), and dyspepsia (11%). Withdrawals were common, mostly because of lack of efficacy (24%) or adverse events (5%). There is no high-quality information to support or refute the use of NSAIDs alone or in combination with opioids for the three steps of the three-step WHO cancer pain ladder.
This review included two studies comprising 287 participants. One study (with an overall unclear to high risk of bias) involved 253 participants and the quality of the evidence for most outcomes was very low. This study reported that pain severity at day two and day three was lower in the tinzaparin group than in the placebo group, and additionally at day 4 (P < 0.01, analysis of variance (ANOVA)). Thus, the results of this single study suggest that tinzAParin resulted in more rapid resolution of pain, as measured with a numerical pain scale. The mean difference in duration of painful crises was statistically significant at -1.78 days in favour of the tizanparin group (95% confidence interval -5.48 to -4.48). Participants treated with tizaniaparin had statistically significantly fewer hospitalisation days than participants in the group treated with placebo, with a mean difference of 4.98 days. Two minor bleeding events were reported as adverse events in the dalteparin group and none were reported in the dummy group. The second study (unclear risk of biased) including 34 participants and was a conference abstract with limited data and only addressed one of the predefined outcomes of the review; i.e. pain intensity. After one day pain intensity reduced more, as reported on a visual analogue scale (a chart that rates the intensity of pain using a visual field, such as a chart of light or sound), in the tizzaparin-treated group than the placebo-controlled group, with the mean difference being 1.30. The quality of evidence was rated as very low for all outcomes. The most important reasons for downgrading the evidence were serious risk of systematic errors and imprecision (due to low sample size or low occurrence of events). Based on these results, evidence is incomplete to support or refute the effectiveness of low-molecular-weight heparins in people with sickle cell disease.
We did not find any randomised trials comparing either anticoagulants or antiplatelet drugs with control, thus there is no evidence to support their routine use for the treatment of extracranial internal carotid artery dissection. There were also no randomised controlled trials directly comparing antiplatelets with anticoactive drugs and the reported non-randomised studies did not show any evidence of a significant difference between the two treatment modalities.
We identified 26 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared silver-containing dressings or topical agents with non-silver dressings. We grouped results according to wound type, and silver preparation. Thirteen trials compared topical silver (in a variety of formulations - including silver sulphadiazine (SSD) cream) with other dressings; one trial showed fewer infections with silver nitrate when compared with a non-standard dressing, but three trials showed significantly more infection with SSD than with the non-specific dressing. Six trials compared SSD cream with silver-based dressings (nine dressings in total). Most comparisons (seven) found no significant differences in infection rates, but one trial in a number of wounds found significantly fewer infections in the silver-coated dressing (Hydron AgSD) compared with SSD, but the remaining five found no evidence of a difference. One trial compared two silver- containing dressings, and showed a significantly lower infection rate with silver coated gauze (Acticoat®) than with silver oxide gauze. Other wounds Six trials (in total) compared SSD/silver-containing wound dressings with other types of dressings and found no differences in wound infection rates. Most of the trials found no difference between the two types of dressing. Only one comparison showed a significant reduction in healing time associated with a silver--containing hydrofibre dressing in diabetic foot ulcers. There is not enough evidence to establish whether silver or other silver products promote wound healing or prevent wound infection; some poor quality evidence for SSD suggests the opposite.
We included 12 studies with 3571 participants. All included studies examined the empiric use of one antimicrobial regimen versus another for the treatment of adults with VAP, but the particular drug regimens examined by each study varied. All but one study reported sources of funding or author affiliations with pharmaceutical companies. There was potential for bias because some studies did not report outcomes for all participants. We found no statistical difference in all-cause mortality between monotherapy and combination therapy (N = 4; odds ratio (OR) monotherapy versus combination 0.97, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.73 to 1.30), clinical cure, length of stay in the intensive care unit (ICU) or adverse events, but we found that carbapenems are associated with a statistically significant increase in the clinical cure. We did not find a difference between monotherapies and combination therapies for the use of VAP. For our second comparison of combination therapy with optional adjunctives only one meta-analysis could be performed due to a lack of trials comparing the same antibiotic regimens. Two studies compared tigecycline versus imipenem-cilastatin for clinical cure in the clinically evaluable population and there was an increase in clinical cure for tigECYCLine-imipenema-cilastsatin. Of importance, this effect was due to the single study. Since the studies identified patients with increased risk for multidrug-resistant bacteria, these data may not be generalisable to all patient groups. However, this is the largest analysis comparing monotherapy to multiple antibiotic therapies for VAP and contributes further evidence to the safety of using effective monotherapy for the empirically treated empiric treatment of Vap. Due to lack of studies, we could not evaluate the best antibiotic choice for the best treatment for people who have VAP but carbapeneems as a class may result in better clinical cure than other tested antibiotics. We down
We included 29 ITS analyses (12 were controlled) investigating policies targeting 11 drug classes for restriction. Participants were most often senior citizens or low income adult populations, or both, in publically subsidized or administered pharmaceutical benefit plans. Impact of policies varied by drug class and whether restrictions were implemented or relaxed. When policies targeted gastric-acid suppressant and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug classes, decreased drug use and substantial savings on drugs occurred immediately and for up to two years afterwards, with no increase in the use of other health services (6 studies). Targeting second generation antipsychotic drugs increased treatment discontinuity and other health service use without reducing overall drug costs (2 studies). Relaxing restrictions for reimbursement of antihypertensives and statins increased appropriate use and decreased overall drug expenditures. Two studies which measured health outcomes directly were inconclusive. Implementing restrictions to coverage and reimbursement of selected medications can decrease third-party drug spending without increasing the use for other services. Relaxing reimbursement rules for drugs used for secondary prevention can also remove barriers to access. Policy design, however, needs to be based on research quantifying the harm and benefit profiles of target and alternative drugs to avoid unwanted health system and health effects. Health impact evaluation should be conducted where drugs are not interchangeable. Impacts on health equity, relating to the fair and just distribution of health benefits in society (sustainable access to publically financed drug benefits for seniors and low income populations, for example), also require explicit measurement.
This review aimed to assess the effectiveness of one-to-one OHA for oral health maintenance and improvement. Nineteen studies met the criteria for inclusion in the review with data available for a total of 4232 participants. The included studies reported a wide variety of interventions, study populations, clinical outcomes and outcome measures. There was substantial clinical heterogeneity amongst the studies and it was not deemed appropriate to pool data in a meta-analysis. We summarised data by categorising similar interventions into comparison groups. Four studies compared any form of OHA versus no OHA. Two studies reported the outcome of gingivitis. Although one small study had contradictory results at 3 months and 6 months, the other study showed very low-quality evidence of a benefit for OHA at all time points. The same two studies reported on plaque reduction. The quality of evidence was low or very low for the outcomes of plaque reduction at all points of time. Two other studies reported dental caries at 6 months and 12 months respectively. One study reported the outcomes at 12 months. None of the studies measured dental decay. Five studies compared some form of self-management versus professional OHA and found little evidence that any of these interventions demonstrated a difference on the outcomes. There were no differences in the outcomes between the interventions. Seven studies compared enhanced OHA with routine OHA in seven studies and found that there was little evidence of any difference between the two groups. There is insufficient evidence to recommend any specific OHA method as being effective in improving oral health or being more effective than any other method. Further high-quality randomised controlled trials are required to determine the most effective, efficient method of one to-to one OHA to improve oral health. The design of such trials should be cognisant of the limitations of the available evidence presented in this Cochrane Review.
Five small trials were included in this review: two trials (30 and 49 participants) of oral steroids or placebo; one trial (40 participants) that compared oral steroids with no treatment, one trial of oral or intra-articular steroids; and one trial with 32 participants that compared manipulation under anaesthesia and steroid injection with or without oral steroids. Trials were of variable quality (only one of high quality) and some were poorly reported. No meta-analyses could be performed as no raw data could be extracted from one placebo-controlled trial and three trials used different comparators. One trial reported significant short-term benefits in pain, range of movement of the shoulder and function in adhesive capsulitis, but the effect may not be maintained beyond six weeks. A second trial reported no significant differences between oral steroid and placebo in pain or range of muscle strength but it suggested improvement occurred earlier in the steroid treated group. A third trial reported that oral steroids provided a more rapid initial improvement in pain compared to no treatment but negligible differences by five months. There were minimal adverse effects reported. Available data from two placebo- controlled trials and one no-treatment controlled trial provides "Silver" level evidence (www.cochranemsk.org) that provides significant short term benefits in the short term (six weeks or less) for oral steroids compared to placebo. However, these benefits are not maintained beyond 6 weeks.
This review identified three randomised controlled trials with a total of 50 participants. All three trials compared rTMS with sham TMS. All the trials were of poor methodological quality and were insufficiently homogeneous to allow the pooling of results. Moreover, the high rate of attrition from the trials further increased the risk of bias. None of the trials provided detailed data on the ALS Functional Rating Scale-Revised (ALSFRS-R) scores at six months follow-up which was pre-assigned as our primary outcome. One trial contained data in a suitable form for quantitative analysis of our secondary outcomes. No difference was seen between rTsM and sham tMS using the ALSFRS-r scores and manual muscle testing (MMT) scores in this trial. Additionally, no adverse events were reported. There is currently insufficient evidence to draw any conclusions about the efficacy and safety of r tMS in the treatment of ALS. Further studies may be helpful if their potential benefit is weighed against the impact of participation in a randomised clinical trial on people with ALS. However, in view of the small sample size, the methodological limitations and incomplete outcome data, treatment with tMS cannot be judged as completely safe.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (with a total of 1049 participants) of moderate to high risk of bias. All studies involved different comparisons, none had a placebo group. In one trial plasma exchange plus prednisone gave significantly better disease control at 1 month (0.3 mg/kg: RR 18.78, 95% CI 1.20 to 293.70), while another trial showed no difference in disease control in people with extensive and moderate disease at 6 months. No significant differences were seen for different doses or formulations of prednisolone (one trial each), for azathioprine (an anti-inflammatory drug) and mycophenolate mofetil (an anticonvulsant), for tetracycline and nicotinamide (anticoagulants) compared with prednisolate, and for Chinese traditional medicine (traditional Chinese medicine) plus a combination of a corticosteroid (prednisone) and a steroid (clobetasol). There were no significant differences in healing in a comparison of a standard regimen of topical steroids with a milder regimen in one trial. Another trial showed significantly more disease control than oral prednisosolone, with significantly reduced mortality and adverse events (RR 1.06, 95%). Very potent topical steroids are effective and safe treatments for BP, but their use in extensive disease may be limited by side-effects and practical factors. Milder regimens (using lower doses of steroids) are safe and effective in moderate BP, and starting doses greater than 0.75 mg per day do not give additional benefit, lower doses may be adequate to control disease and reduce the incidence and severity of adverse reactions.
The review of trials found that some herbal medicines may improve the symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome. However, the quality of the trials was generally low, and the trials were small and of poor methodological quality. Herbal medicines were also combined with conventional therapy and compared to conventional therapy alone. No serious adverse events from the herbal medicines were reported. Some herbal medicines deserve further examination in high-quality trials.
We found 22 randomised controlled trials that evaluated the effectiveness and acceptability of LNG and other hormonal drugs in preventing pregnancy among women with infrequent intercourse. The studies included a total of 12,400 participants, and were conducted in Europe, Asia, and the Americas. The drugs and doses evaluated included levonorgestrel (LNG) 0.75 mg (11 studies), LNG in doses other than 0. 75 mg (4 studies), and hormones other than LNG (7 studies). Outcomes included pregnancy rates, discontinuation rates, side effects, acceptability, and acceptanceability. Most women liked the pericoital method in spite of frequent menstrual irregularities. Menstrual irregularities were the most common side effects reported. However, the studies provided no consistent evidence of a relationship between bleeding abnormalities and either frequency of pill intake or total dose of the drug. Non-menstrual side effects were reportedly mild and not tabulated in most studies. Rigorous research is still needed to confirm the efficacy and safety of the LNG as a primary method of contraception among women who have infrequent sex. If the method is shown to be efficacious, safe and acceptable, the results may warrant revision of the current World Health Organization recommendations and marketing strategies.
We included 15 studies with a total of 561 randomised patients. The studies were conducted in Europe, India, China, South Korea and the USA. The age range of patients was commonly restricted to adolescents or young adults, however the participants of two studies were from a much wider age range (12 to 54 years). The distribution of males and females was similar in eight of the studies, with a predominance of female patients in seven studies. Ten studies with 407 randomised and 390 analysed patients compared surgical anchorage with conventional anchorage for the primary outcome of mesiodistal movement of upper first molars. We carried out a random-effects model meta-analysis for the seven studies that fully reported this outcome. There was strong evidence of an effect of surgery on this outcome (moderate quality evidence). There was also moderate quality evidence that reinforcement of anchorage was more effective with surgical anchors than with conventional anchors, and that results from mini-screw implants are particularly promising. This result should be interpreted with some caution, however, as there was a substantial degree of heterogeneity for this comparison. Eight studies were assessed to be at high overall risk of bias; six studies were at unclear risk; and one study was at low risk.
We included 50 studies (45,285 participants): 47 studies (39,820 participants) compared statins with placebo or no treatment and three studies (5547 participants) that compared two different statin regimens in adults with CKD who were not yet on dialysis. We were able to combine the results of 38 studies (37,274 participants). The risk of bias in the included studies was high. Seven studies (36,033 participants) were conducted according to published protocols, outcomes were adjudicated by a committee, specified outcomes were reported, and analyses were conducted using intention-to-treat methods. Compared with placebo, statin therapy consistently reduced the risk of death, major cardiovascular events, and death due to any cause by 20% in people not requiring dialysis (primary prevention). Statin-related effects on stroke and kidney function were found to be uncertain and adverse effects of treatment are incompletely understood. Data for relative effects of intensive cholesterol lowering in people with early stages of kidney disease were sparse.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 379 participants. Nine trials evaluated the use of medicines to treat pain in children with cystic fibrosis. Five trials evaluated intrathecal baclofen (ITB) and two trials evaluated botulinum toxin A (BoNT-A). All of the OI trials evaluated bisphosphonates (two alendronate and one pamidronate). No trials evaluated a commonly used analgesic in this patient group. Pain was a secondary outcome in five of the eight identified studies. Only one study involved over 100 participants. For the two ITB studies for pain in CP, in the same study population but assessed at different time points in their disease, both found an effect on pain favouring the intervention compared to the control group (standard care or placebo) (mean difference (MD) 4.20, 95% confidence interval (CI) 2.15 to 6.25, respectively). In these studies most of the adverse events related to the procedure or device for administration rather than the drug, such as swelling at the pump site. In one trial there were also eight serious adverse effects; these included difficulty swallowing and an epileptic seizure. No adverse events were reported in this trial. At follow-up in both BoNT and ITB trials there was no evidence of a difference in pain between the trial arms among CP participants. Gastrointestinal problems were the most frequent adverse event in those who received alendroneate. In the trial investigating the same drug as the ITB in CP found no evidence that there was a difference between the intervention and control groups. The adverse events in the BoNT trials mostly involved people who received the intervention drug and involved seizures. Based on current data this systematic review is unable to determine the effects of pharmacological interventions for pain for CYP with LLCs.
We included seven trials involving a total of 1697 participants in this review. Three trials involving 1243 patients were included in analyses of efficacy outcomes, and four trials involving 1034 patients were identified. No data were available from the seventh trial. There was low quality evidence favouring latrepirdine on the Clinician’s Interview - Based Impression of Change plus Caregiver Input after 26 weeks (CIBIC-Plus) and the Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) due to imprecision in the results, it was not possible to determine whether there was any effect on cognition or on function measured with the ADAS-Cog. However, there was some high quality evidence showing a very small benefit of the drug on the Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI) at study endpoint (26 or 52 weeks). Additionally, moderate quality evidence suggested that there was no difference between the drug and placebo in adverse events, serious adverse events and dropouts due to adverse events. The evidence to date suggests that while not associated with an increased risk of adverse events compared with placebo, there is no effect of this drug on cognition and function in mild-to-moderate AD patients, though there appears to be a modest benefit for behaviour. We considered the evidence provided on these outcomes to be of overall low quality. We judged five trials to be at high risk of bias due to selective outcome reporting and three trials to have a high rate of attrition bias.
We included seven trials, involving 735 participants, in this review. We analysed the effects of RIC on preventing and treating ischaemic stroke respectively. We found low-quality evidence that RIC may reduce the risk of recurrent stroke in participants with intracerebral artery stenosis and reduce stroke severity in participants undergoing carotid stenting. However, there is considerable uncertainty about these conclusions because of the small number of studies and low quality of the evidence. No participants experienced death or cardiovascular events during the period of the studies; and no trial reported haemorrhagic stroke or improvement in neurological, phycological or cognitive impairment. We included three trials (involving 371 participants) in the analysis of the effects on preventing or treating stroke. In people with symptomatic arterial stenosis, recurrent stroke was significantly reduced by RIC (low quality evidence), however there was no significant difference in the incidence of stroke between participants treated with RIC and non-RIC treatment. However the stroke severity (assessed by infarct volume) was significantly lower in people treated with the RIC. There was no difference between the two groups for improving the psychological impairment and the cognitive impairment in people with acute stroke and cerebral small vessel disease. No trial reported the occurrence of stroke, recurrence of stroke or adverse events. In acute stroke, for people receiving intravenous thrombolysis, the rate of death or dependency was significantly increased in participants receiving RIC treatment compared with participants receiving non-IC treatment. No severe adverse events were reported. We assessed the quality of evidence as low or very low for all outcomes. The evidence is up-to-date as of August 2018.
We included six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 204 preterm infants. We found low-quality evidence that protein supplementation of human milk increased short-term growth in weight, length, and head circumference. There was no evidence of a clear difference in rate of growth of skin fold thickness between the supplemented and unsupplemented groups (triceps MD 0.06 mm/wk, one RCT, 20 infants; or subscapularMD 0.01 to 0.12; four RCTs, 68 infants; I² = 89%). There were no data on outcomes after hospital discharge. No data were available about the effects of protein supplementation on body mass index, body composition, neurodevelopmental, or cardio-metabolic outcomes. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for the following outcomes: duration of hospital stay, feeding intolerance, and necrotising enterocolitis. The evidence did not show any evidence of an increase in the risk of feeding intolerance. The available evidence was too limited to draw any conclusions about the long-term effects of this intervention. Since protein supplementation is now usually done as a component of multi-nutrient fortifiers, future studies should compare different amounts of protein in multi-component fortifiers and be designed to determine the effects on duration of stay in hospital stay and safety, as well as on long term growth, body weight, body fat, and other metabolic outcomes. Our findings may not be generalisable to low-resource settings, as none of the included studies were conducted in these settings.
We included 45 studies: 14 RCTs and 31 ITS studies. Almost all the included studies (44/45) compared the effectiveness of PEMs to no intervention. One single study compared paper-based PEM to the same document delivered on CD-ROM. The results of this review suggest that when used alone or as part of a multifaceted intervention, PEM may have a small beneficial effect on professional practice outcomes. However, the clinical significance of the observed effect sizes is not known. We could not comment on which PEM characteristic influenced their effectiveness.
This review of 23 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) found that behavioural interventions for young women which aim to promote sexual behaviours protective of STI transmission can be effective, primarily at encouraging condom use. There were no statistically significant effects of abstaining from or reducing sexual activity. A variety of STIs were addressed including HIV and chlamydia. None of the trials explicitly mentioned HPV or cervical cancer prevention. The majority of interventions provided information about STIs and taught safer sex skills (e.g. communication), occasionally supplemented with provision of resources (eg. free sexual health services). They were heterogeneous in duration, contact time, provider, behavioural aims and outcomes. There was little information about HPV and its link to cervical cancer. The results of this review suggest that behavioural interventions aimed at promoting sexual behaviour can be an effective way to reduce the transmission of sexually transmitted infections. However, there is considerable uncertainty in the results due to incomplete or ambiguous reporting.
We included twenty studies with a total number of 2337 participants in this review. Nineteen studies compared brief psychoeducation with routine care or conventional delivery of information. The evidence is current to September 2014. Participants receiving brief psycho education were less likely to be non-compliant with medication than those receiving routine care in the short term and medium term. Participants were also more likely to comply with medication in the medium term, and were more likely than those who received routine care to be able to take their medication. Relapse rates were significantly lower amongst participants receiving short-term psychoeducation than in those who were given routine care, but not in the long term. Social function such as rehabilitation status and social disability were also improved in those receiving brief intervention. There was no difference found in quality of life as measured by GQOLI-74 in either group. There were no differences in the number of deaths between the two groups in either the short or medium-term. Based on mainly low to very low quality evidence from a limited number of studies, we found that brief intervention appears to reduce relapse rates in people with schizophrenia, and to promote medication compliance in people who received brief intervention, but the evidence is limited. A brief psychoeducational approach could potentially be effective, but further large, high-quality studies are needed to either confirm or refute the use of this approach. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to moderate.
We included 11 studies comprising 9839 participants in our quantitative analysis. Most studies included people with moderate to severe COPD, without recent exacerbations. One pharmaceutical sponsored trial that included only people with recent flare-ups was the largest study and accounted for 37% of participants. Follow-up ranged from 6 to 52 weeks. All but one study were sponsored by pharmaceutical companies, thus we rated them as having a high risk of 'other bias'. The unsponsored study was at high-risk of performance and detection bias, and possible selective reporting. Five studies recruited GOLD Category B participants, one study recruited Category D participants, two studies recruited Category A/B participants, and three studies recruited participants regardless of category. The evidence is current to September 2014. Compared to the LABA+LABA arm, the results for the primary outcomes for the LAMA+LAB arm were as follows: exacerbations, serious adverse events (SAE), St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) total score change from the baseline, and trough forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) change from baseline. Compared with the LAPA+LABC arm, we found that LAMA has fewer exacerbations and a larger improvement in FEV1, a lower risk of pneumonia, and more frequent improvement in quality of life as measured by an increase over 4 units or more of the SGRQ. The quality of the evidence was low or moderate for all outcomes. The main limitation of the included studies was the small number of studies and participants.
We included three studies with 91 children aged between 6 months and 4 years. All studies were conducted in emergency departments in the USA (two studies) and Spain (one study). All studies compared heliox with 30% humidified oxygen for 20 minutes. There may be no difference in croup score changes between groups at 20 minutes postintervention, but there may be little or no difference at 90 minutes. The effect may be similar to 100% oxygen given one or two doses of adrenaline. We assessed the evidence for all outcomes in this comparison as of low quality, downgraded due to imprecision and high risk of bias related to inadequate reporting. Information on hospitalisation or re-presenting to the emergency department was not reported. The included studies did not report on adverse events, intensive care admissions, or parental anxiety. Due to very limited evidence, uncertainty remains about the effectiveness and safety of heliox.
The review of trials found that there is not enough evidence to support the use of many red flags to specifically screen for vertebral fracture in patients presenting for LBP. Based on evidence from single studies, few individual red flags appear informative as most have poor diagnostic accuracy as indicated by imprecise estimates of likelihood ratios. When combinations of red flags were used the performance appeared to improve. It should also be noted that many of the red flags have high false positive rates; and if acted upon uncritically there would be consequences for the cost of management and outcomes of patients with low blood pressure. Further research should focus on appropriate red flags and adequate reporting of both index and reference tests. Overall, the risk of bias of studies was moderate with high risk of selection and verification bias the predominant flaws.
The review of trials found that there were insufficient data to determine which treatment is best for urethral stricture disease in terms of balancing efficacy, adverse effects and costs. Well designed, adequately powered multi-centre trials are needed to answer relevant clinical questions regarding treatment of men with urinary strictures.
This review of trials found that daily inhaled corticosteroids (budesonide and beclomethasone) were superior to intermittent ICS in lung function, airway inflammation, asthma control and reliever use in children and adults with persistent asthma. Both treatments appeared safe, but a modest growth suppression was associated with daily ICS compared to intermittent, inhaled budesonide (a drug used to treat asthma), and daily use of inhaled beta-agonists (beta-agonists) compared to daily treatment. There was no statistically significant group difference in the risk of patients experiencing one or more exacerbations requiring oral steroids (1204 patients; RR 1.07; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.87 to 1.32; the large confidence interval translates into a risk of exacerbations in the intermittent IC group varying between 17% and 25%, assuming a 19% risk with daily treatment). Age, severity of airway obstruction, step-up protocol used during exacerbations and trial duration did not significantly influence the primary efficacy outcome. No group difference was observed in the number of patients with serious adverse health events (1055 patients, RR 0.82; 95%, CI 0.33 to 2.03). Compared to the daily treatment, the intermittent treatment group showed a smaller improvement in change from baseline peak expiratory flow rate (PEFR) by 2.56% (95% CI -4.49% to -0.63%), fewer symptom-free days, fewer asthma control days, more use of rescue β2-agonists by 0.12 puffs/day and a greater increase from baseline in exhaled nitric oxide of 16.80 parts per billion. In paediatric trials, intermittent treatment showed a greater growth (by 0.41 cm change) than daily treatment (532 children, CI 0 to 0.69) in terms of lung growth. There were no significant differences between the two treatment groups in forced expir
We included 17 studies involving 1639 people with CKD. Three studies enrolled 341 people treated with dialysis, four studies enrolled 168 kidney transplant recipients, and 10 studies enrolled 1130 people with chronic kidney disease stages 1 to 5. Eleven studies (900 people) evaluated dietary counselling with or without lifestyle advice and six evaluated dietary patterns (739 people), including one study (191 people) of a carbohydrate-restricted low-iron, polyphenol enriched diet, two studies (181 participants) of increased fruit and vegetable intake, and two studies of a Mediterranean diet. Participants were followed up for a median of 12 months (range 1 to 46.8 months). Studies were not designed to examine all-cause mortality or cardiovascular events. In absolute terms, dietary interventions may prevent one person in every 3000 treated for one year avoiding ESKD, although the certainty in this effect was very low. Across all 17 studies, outcome data for cardiovascular events were sparse. Dietary interventions in low quality evidence were associated with a higher health-related quality of life, eGFR, and serum albumin, and lower blood pressure and serum cholesterol levels. Adverse events were generally not reported. A Mediterranean diet lowered serum LDL cholesterol levels, and dietary interventions lowered systolic and diastolic blood pressure. Based on stakeholder prioritisation of dietary research in the setting of CKD and preliminary evidence of beneficial effects on risks factors for clinical outcomes, large-scale pragmatic RCTs to test the effects of dietary interventions on patient outcomes are required.
We found only one study (156 children aged between seven weeks and 24 months with signs and symptoms of bronchiolitis) that met the inclusion criteria for this review. Participants were randomised into three groups (nebulised salbutamol, nebulised saline and mist in a tent). The results showed a significant decrease in respiratory distress symptom (RDS) score in the group of children who received nebulisation of the bronchial tubes, but no significant reduction in the RDS score in those who received mist in the tent. The study did not report on adverse effects of the interventions. We conclude that there is insufficient evidence to inform practice regarding using steam inhalation or mist therapy for acute bronchioitis in children up to three years old.
We identified four studies (1154 participants, age range 50 to 90 years). All participants had a diagnosis of probable or possible Alzheimer's disease according to standard criteria and most participants were established on a cholinesterase inhibitor. The primary outcome in all studies was change in Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale - cognitive subscale (ADAS-Cog) from baseline. When we pooled data, there was no significant benefit from statin (mean difference -0.26, 95% confidence interval (CI) -1.05 to 0.52, P value = 0.51). All studies provided change in Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE) from the start of the study. There were no significant benefits from statins in MMSE when we pooled the data. Three studies reported treatment-related adverse effects. There was no statistically significant difference between statins and placebo (odds ratio 1.09; 95% CI 0.58 to 2.06). There was also no significant difference in behaviour, global function or activities of daily living in the statin and placebo groups. We assessed risk of bias as low for all studies. We found no studies assessing role of statin in treatment of VaD. Analyses from the studies available, including two large randomised controlled trials, indicate that statins have no benefit on the primary outcome measures of ADAS-cog or MMSE.
Four studies involving 149 participants met inclusion criteria for this review. Two studies assessed the effect of night splinting in a total of 26 children and adults with Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A. There were no statistically or clinically significant differences between wearing a night splander and not wearing a day splint. One study assessed the efficacy of prednisone treatment in 103 boys with Duchenne muscular dystrophy. While a daily dose of 0.75 mg/kg/day resulted in significant improvements in some strength and function parameters compared with placebo, there was no significant difference in ankle range of motion between groups. Increasing the daily dose to 1.5 mg or more had no significant effect on ankle movement. There was no evidence of significant benefit from any intervention for increasing ankle movement in children and young adults with Charcot-Marie tooth disease. There is a need for further research in this area.
The review of trials found that walking and upright positions in the first stage of labour reduce the duration of labour, the risk of caesarean section, the need for epidural, and does not seem to be associated with increased intervention or negative effects on mothers' and babies' well being. Babies of mothers who were upright were less likely to be admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit, however this was based on one trial. There were no significant differences between groups for other outcomes related to the well being of mothers and babies. There is clear and important evidence that upright and mobile positions are better than recumbent positions for women in low-risk labour, and women should be informed of the benefits of upright positions, and encouraged and assisted to assume whatever positions they choose.
We found three randomized controlled trials (RCTs), but only two of them had a follow-up of six months or more, which was the minimum required for inclusion in the review. The first trial that met our requirements involved 55 participants with the 'disputed type' of TOS and compared transaxillary first rib resection (TFRR) with supraclavicular neuroplasty of the brachial plexus (SNBP). The trial had a high risk of bias. TFRR decreased pain more than SNBP. There were no adverse effects in either group. The second trial analyzed 37 people with TOS of any type, comparing treatment with a botulinum toxin (BTX) injection into the scalene muscles with a saline placebo injection. This trial was of moderate quality. There was no significant effect of treatment with the BTX injection over placebo in terms of pain relief or improvements in disability, but it did significantly improve paresthesias at six months' follow up. This review was complicated by a lack of generally accepted diagnostic criteria for TOS. We identified one study comparing natural progression with an active intervention. There is no evidence from RCTs for the use of other currently used treatments. The quality of the evidence was very low for all outcomes. There are too few trials to be sure that any of the treatments are better than no treatment.
Twenty-one trials involving 884 people were included in this review. A hand brace significantly improved symptoms after four weeks (weighted mean difference (WMD) -1.07; 95% confidence interval (CI) -2.29 to -0.85) and function) and one trial showed significant symptom improvement after seven weeks of ultrasound treatment which was maintained at six months. Four trials involving 193 people examined various oral medications (steroids, diuretics, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs) versus placebo. Compared to placebo, pooled data for two-week oral steroid treatment demonstrated a significant improvement in symptoms. One trial also showed improvement in function. In two trials involving 50 people, vitamin B6 did not significantly improve overall symptoms. In one trial involving 51 people yoga significantly reduced pain after eight weeks compared with wrist splinting. In another trial involving 21 people carpal bone mobilisation significantly improved symptom after three weeks compared to no treatment. Two trials involving 105 people compared ergonomic keyboards versus control and demonstrated equivocal results for pain and function. Trials of magnet therapy, laser acupuncture, exercise or chiropractic care did not demonstrate symptom benefit when compared to placebo or control. Other non-surgical treatments do not produce significant benefit. More trials are needed to compare treatments and ascertain the duration of benefit.
We included two randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that enrolled a total of 708 participants with CRVO-ME. One trial compared triamcinolone acetonide intravitreal injections (n = 165) with observation, and the other trial compared dexamethasone intravitatereal implants (N = 290) with sham injections. The two trials enrolled participants with both branch and central retinal vein occlusion, but did not present subgroup data for the population of participants with this condition. Loss to follow-up was high with 10% in the steroid groups and almost twice as much (17%) in the observation group. A qualitative assessment of the results from the GENEVA trial indicated that the corticosteroid implant was not associated with improvement in visual acuity after six months. Although the SCORE investigators reported that participants treated with 1 mg or 4 mg intravenous injections were five times more likely to have gained 15 letters or more in vision at 8 months compared with participants who did not receive treatment, by the eighth-month examination, the average vision acuity decreased in all three groups. However, eyes treated with triamcusolone lost fewer letters than participants who received treatment alone. A higher incidence of adverse events was noted with IVS therapy when compared with observation alone. The most commonly encountered adverse events were elevated intraocular pressure, progression of cataracts, and retinal neovascularization. We graded the quality of evidence as low due to study limitations, imprecision of treatment estimates, and selective outcome reporting.
We identified six randomised trials involving a total of 394 patients. Five of the six trials demonstrated a significant efficacy of intranasal corticosteroids in improving nasal obstruction symptoms and in reducing adenoid size. The first eight-week cross-over study showed that treatment with beclomethasone (336 mcg/day) yielded a greater improvement in mean symptom scores than placebo, and a larger reduction in mean adenoids/choana ratio than placebo. The second four-week trial showed that the Nasal Obstruction Index decreased by at least 50% from baseline in 38% of patients treated with a single dose (400 mcg a day) between week 0 and week 2, whereas none of the other patients had such improvement (P < 0.01). The third parallel-group trial demonstrated that 77.7% of children treated with mometasone (100 mcg per day) for 40 days demonstrated an improvement in nasal obstruction symptom scores and a decrease in the size of the nasal obstruction, such as a reduction in the nasal cavity, compared with 20% of those treated with isotonic saline solution. The fourth parallel-study showed that eight weeks of treatment with flunisolide (500 mcg) was associated with a significantly smaller nasal obstruction size than normal saline solution, and this improvement was avoided in 76% of these patients compared with just 20% in the placebo group. In contrast, one trial did not find a significant improvement in the symptoms of nasal obstruction nor in the number of children with nasal obstructions after eight weeks treatment with placebo (200 mcg daily). The long-term efficacy of these drugs in children with moderate to severe adenoidal hypertrophy remains to be defined.
We included one small randomised controlled trial (involving 24 women). The study was conducted in Mexico. This study compared a control group who received antihypertensive therapy, anticonvulsant therapy, plasma expanders, corticosteroids and dypyridamole with an intervention group that received epidural block instead of the other four drugs, as well as all the other drugs. Lumbar epidural blocks were given using 0.25% bupivacaine, 10 mg bolus and 5 mg each hour on continuous epidural infusion for six hours. The included study did not report on any of this review's important outcomes. For the mother, these were: maternal death (death during pregnancy or up to 42 days after the end of the pregnancy, or death more than 42 days of pregnancy); development of eclampsia or recurrence of seizures; stroke; any serious complications (defined as at least one of stroke, kidney failure, liver failure, HELLP syndrome (haemolysis, elevated liver enzymes and low platelets), disseminated intravascular coagulation, pulmonary oedema). For the baby, these outcomes were: death: stillbirths (death in utero at or after 20 weeks' gestation), perinatal deaths (baby deaths plus deaths in the first week of life), death before discharge from the hospital, neonatal deaths, deaths after the first 28 days; preterm birth (birth before 37 completed weeks’ gestation); and side effects of the intervention. The study only reported on a single outcome of interest to this review: the Apgar score of the baby at birth and after five minutes and there was no clear difference between the intervention and control groups. Reported outcomes The included in this review showed a reduction in maternal diastolic arterial pressure. However, the change in maternal mean blood pressure and systolic pressure, which were the other reported outcomes of this trial, were
We found 16 randomised clinical trials that compared glucocorticosteroids with placebo or no intervention. Fifteen trials (one of which was an abstract) provided data for analysis. The participants were between 25 and 70 years old, had different stages of alcoholic liver disease, and 65% were men. Follow-up, when reported, was up to the moment of discharge from the hospital, until they died (median of 63 days), or for at least one year. The trials were at overall high risk of bias, which means that their results may not be reliable. There was no evidence of any difference in the risk of death from any cause up to three months following randomisation, or on health-related quality of life (low-certainty evidence). The certainty of evidence was very low for all-cause mortality, serious adverse events, liver-related mortality, number of participants with any complications, and non-serious adverse events. We are very uncertain about the effect estimate of no difference in risk of mortality and serious side effects during treatment because of the very low certainty of the evidence. Due to inadequate reporting, we cannot exclude increases in side effects. Based on the information that we collected from the published trial reports, only one of the trials seems not to be industry-funded, and the remaining 15 trials did not report clearly whether they were partly or completely funded by the industry. As the CIs were wide, we could not rule out significant benefits or harms of glucocorts. Therefore, we need placebo-controlled randomised trials, designed according to the SPIRIT guidelines, and reported according to CONSORT guidelines. Future trials ought to report depersonalised individual participant data, so that proper individual person data meta-analyses of the effects in subgroups can be conducted. This plain language summary was adapted by the review authors from a summary originally written by Ben Gray, Senior Peer Researcher, McPin Foundation (mcpin.org/).
We included four trials involving 245 participants in the review. The studies were conducted with people who were relatively young and the timing after stroke was varied. Study sample sizes were generally small, and interventions, controls and outcome measures varied, and thus it was inappropriate to pool studies. Included studies were at a low risk of bias for the majority of domains, with a high/unclear risk- bias identified in the areas of: performance (participants not blinded to allocation), and attrition (incomplete outcome data due to withdrawal) bias. Intervention approaches included the contextual approach of driving simulation and underlying skill development approach, including the retraining of speed of visual processing and visual motor skills. Key results: there was no clear evidence of improved on-road scores immediately after training in any of the four studies, or at six months (mean difference 15 points on the Test Ride for Investigating Practical Fitness to Drive - Belgian version, 95% confidence intervals (CI) 4.56 to 34.56, P value = 0.15, one study, 83 participants). Secondary outcomes: road sign recognition was better in people who underwent training compared with control. Significant findings were in favour of a simulator-based driving rehabilitation programme (based on one study with 73 participants) but these results should be interpreted with caution as they were based on a single study. Adverse effects were not reported. There was insufficient evidence to draw conclusions on the effects on vision, other measures of cognition, motor and functional activities, and driving behaviour with the intervention. At present, it is unclear which impairments that influence driving ability after stroke are amenable to rehabilitation, and whether the contextual or remedial approaches, or a combination of both, are more efficacious.
We included eight studies with 582 participants in this review. Five studies were conducted in hospitals with 519 participants (range 28 to 296). The average age of study participants was 65 to 73 years, the proportion of male participants varied (58% to 84%) and COPD was classified as severe or very severe. Corticosteroid treatment was given at equivalent daily doses for three to seven days for short-duration treatment and for 10 to 15 days for longer-duration therapy. Five of the studies used oral corticosteroids (30 mg in four studies, tapered in one), and two studies used intravenous corticostoids (where the drug is given through a vein). Studies contributing to the meta-analysis were at low risk of selection, performance, detection and attrition bias. In four studies we did not find a difference in risk of treatment failure (failure to complete the course of treatment) between people who received short- duration (three to seven day) and those who received longer (10 to 15 day) treatment. No difference in the risk of relapse (a new event) was observed between the two groups. Time to the next COPD exacerbation did not differ in one large study that was designed to detect non-inferiority and compared five days versus 14 days of treatment. In five studies no difference was found in the likelihood of an adverse event (side effects) between the groups. Length of hospital stay, lung function and lung function at the end of treatment at the start of the study did not change between the different treatment groups. We graded most available evidence as moderate in quality because of imprecision; further research may have an important impact on our confidence in the estimates of effect or may change the estimates. Information from a new large study has increased our confidence that five days of oral steroid treatment is likely to be sufficient for treatment of adults with acute exacerbations of COPD, and this review suggests that the likelihood is low that shorter
We included one randomised controlled trial (13 participants) and identified three ongoing trials that assess RBC transfusion strategies in people with MDS. The one trial included in this review was only published as an abstract and contained only 13 participants. The quality of the evidence was very low across different outcomes according to GRADE methodology. There was insufficient evidence to determine a difference in all-cause mortality (1 RCT; 13 participants; RR 0.13, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.01 to 2.32; very low quality evidence). The study did not report on: mortality due to bleeding/infection/transfusion reactions or iron overload, quality of life, frequency and length of hospital admissions, serious infections (requiring admission to hospital), or serious bleeding. There were no anaemia-related complications reported (cardiac failure) and no reported effect on activity levels (no statistics provided). The one included study reported no adverse events. The evidence is up to date as of September 2014. This review indicates that there is currently a lack of evidence for the recommendation of a particular transfusion strategy for bone marrow failure patients undergoing supportive treatment only. Further randomised trials with robust methodology are required to develop the optimal transfusion approach for such patients, particularly as the incidence of the main group of bone marrow disease, MDS, rises with an ageing population.
We found two randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that evaluated the effectiveness of games as a teaching strategy for health professionals. Out of 84 potentially eligible citations, we included two RCTs. The first study evaluated a game based on the television game show "Family Feud" and focused on infection control. The study did not assess any patient or process of care outcomes. The group that was randomized to the game had statistically higher scores on the knowledge test (P = 0.02). The second study compared game-based learning ("Snakes and Ladders" board game) with traditional case-based learnings of stroke prevention and management. The effect on knowledge was not statistically different between the two groups immediately and 3 months after the intervention. The level of reported enjoyment was higher in the group that played the game. There is a need for high-quality research to explore the impact of educational games on patient and performance outcomes.
This review identified eight randomised controlled trials involving 475 people with unipolar affective disorder. Two of the studies included a mixed group of participants with either bipolar or unipolar disorder. Relapse was defined as admission to hospital and when all kinds of relapses were considered (both depressive and manic), there was a statistically significant difference in favour of lithium (relative risk (RR) fixed effect 0.34, 95% CI 0.14 to 0.82). The results did not exclude the point of no effect, when the random-effects model was used. There were no other statistically significant differences between lithium and antidepressants according to all other outcomes considered. There was adequate efficacy evidence for lithium or antidepressants preventing relapse in unipolar depression, however their relative efficacy was unknown. When considering lithium or antidepressant long-term therapy, patients and clinicians should take into account the patient's clinical history, the side-effects and the individual's likely adherence to the recommended treatment regime.
The review of trials found that the amifostine has no significant effects on salivary glands in high-dose radioactive iodine treated differentiated thyroid cancer patients. Moreover, no health-related quality of life and other patient-oriented outcomes were evaluated in the two included trials. None of the included trials investigated death from any cause, morbidity, health- related quality-of-life or costs.
We included three studies involving 45 children aged between 29 months and six years with Down syndrome. Two studies compared parent-mediated interventions versus TAU; the third compared a parent-medication plus clinician-mediated intervention versus a clinician’s intervention alone. Treatment duration varied from 12 weeks to six months. One study provided nine group sessions and four individualised home-based sessions over a 13-week period. Another study provided weekly, individual clinic-based or home visits lasting 1.5 to 2 hours, over a six-month period. The third study provided one 2- to 3-hour group session followed by bi-weekly, individual clinics and once-weekly home visits for 12 weeks. Because of the different study designs and outcome measures used, we were unable to combine the results from the different studies. The findings from the three included studies were inconsistent. Two of the three studies found no differences in expressive or receptive language abilities between the groups, whether measured by direct assessment or parent reports. However, they did find that children in the intervention group could use more targeted vocabulary items or utterances with language targets in certain contexts postintervention, compared to those in the control group; this was not maintained 12 months later. In one study, most strategies were maintained at 12 months after the intervention. No study reported evidence of language attrition following the intervention in either group, while one study found positive outcomes on children's socialisation skills, including improvements in behaviour and social interaction. One of the studies looked at adherence to the treatment through attendance data, and found that mothers attended seven out of nine group and were present for four home visits. None of the included studies measured parental use of the strategies outside of the intervention sessions. In light of the serious limitations in methodology, and the small number of studies included, we considered the overall quality of the evidence, as assessed by GRADE, to be very low. This means that we have very little confidence in the results,
We included two trials from 1987 and 2004 with a total of 148 participants who have had heart valve surgery. Both trials had a high risk of bias. There was insufficient evidence at 3 to 6 months follow-up to judge the effect of exercise-based cardiac rehabilitation compared to no exercise on mortality and on serious adverse events. Included trials did not report on health-related quality of life (HRQoL), and the secondary outcomes of New York Heart Association class, left ventricular ejection fraction and cost. We did find that, compared with control (no exercise), people who received exercise training may have increased their exercise capacity compared with people who did not receive exercise training. Due to a lack of evidence, we cannot evaluate the impact on other outcomes. We were unable to assess the impact of exercise training on patient-relevant outcomes, including mortality and quality-of-life, due to limited information. We rated the quality of the evidence as very low for all outcomes.
We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 1130 participants. Two studies evaluated meditation, the others evaluated multi-disciplinary palliative care interventions that involved a chaplain or spiritual counsellor as a member of the intervention team. The studies evaluating meditation found no overall significant difference between those receiving meditation or usual care on quality of life or well-being. However, when meditation was combined with massage in the medium term it buffered against a reduction in quality oflife. The paucity of quality research indicates a need for more rigorous studies.
We included six trials with a total of 137 participants. We found two studies with 45 participants examining the effects of tDCS compared to control (sham tDCS) on our primary outcome measure, impairment, as measured by the Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (UPDRS). There was very low quality evidence that tDCS had no effect on change in global UPDRS score (mean difference (MD) -7.10 %, 95% confidence interval (CI -19.18 to 4.97; P = 0.25, I² = 21%, random-effects model). However, there was evidence of an effect on part III motor subsection score at the end of the intervention phase. One study with 25 participants measured the reduction in off and on time with dyskinesia, but there was no evidence of any effect (MD 0.10 hours; 95% CI -0.14 to 0.34; P < 0.05 m/s). Two trials with 41 participants measured gait speed using measures of timed gait, but found no effect. There was insufficient evidence that dropouts, adverse effects, or deaths were higher with tDCS than with control groups. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether tDCS have any effect on reducing off time ( when the symptoms are not controlled by the medication) and time that symptoms are controlled but the person still experiences involuntary muscle movements in patients with IPD. Another secondary outcome was health-related quality of life and we found one study reporting on the physical health and mental health aspects of health- related quality of Life (MD 1.00 SF-12 score, 95%, 95%CI -5.20 to 7.20; P ≤ 0.20), and MD 1.60 SF- 12 score (95% CI 5.08 to 8.28; P= 0.40). We found one trial with 16 participants examining tDCS plus movement therapy compared to sham tDCS on our secondary outcome
We included 12 studies, all of which we judged to be at high or unclear risk of bias. Overall, the quality of the evidence was low to very low, downgraded due to limitations, inconsistency, imprecision, indirectness, or a combination of these. Two small studies compared LASB to placebo/sham (N = 32). They did not demonstrate significant short-term benefit for LAsB for pain intensity (moderate quality evidence). One small study (36 participants) compared thoracic sympathetic block with corticosteroid and local anaesthetic versus injection of the same agents into the subcutaneous space, reporting statistically significant and clinically important differences in pain intensity at one-year follow-up but not at short term follow up (very low quality evidence) of two studies (32 participants) that reported pain outcomes. Of two studies that investigated the addition of sympathetic block as an addition to rehabilitation treatment, the only study that reported the pain outcomes demonstrated no additional benefit from sympathetic blockade. Eight small randomised studies compared sympathetic blockade to various other active treatments. Most studies found no difference in pain outcomes between sympathetic block versus other active treatment (low quality evidence), and one small study compared ultrasound-guided local anaesthetics with non-guided LASBs. Six studies reported adverse events, all with minor effects reported. This update's results are similar to the previous versions of this systematic review, and the main conclusions are unchanged. There remains a scarcity of published evidence and a lack of high quality evidence to support or refute the use of local anaesthesia sympathetic blockade for CRPS.
We searched scientific databases for randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly allocated to one of several treatment groups) that compared the use of antivirals and corticosteroids in people with Bell's palsy. The evidence is current to September 2016. We found 14 trials, including 2488 participants. Most were small, and most were at high or unclear risk of bias in multiple domains. We included four new studies at this update. Incomplete recovery A combination of antiviral drugs and steroids may have little or no effect on rates of incomplete recovery compared to steroids alone (low-certainty evidence). We excluded 10 trials that were at risk of being biased in several domains from this analysis and limited all analyses to studies at lower risk of systematic error (risk of arriving at wrong conclusions because of the way the trials were conducted). Recovery rates were better in participants receiving steroids alone than those receiving antiviral treatment (2 trials, 667 participants), but the evidence is too uncertain for us to be able to draw any conclusions. For people with severe Bell’s palsy (House-Brackmann score of 5 and 6, or equivalent on other scales), we found no clear effect on incomplete recovery at month six compared to steroid treatment alone, but the results were imprecise. The combination of steroids plus antiviral treatments probably reduced the late sequelae of Bell's prematurity compared with steroids alone. Studies also showed fewer episodes of long-term sequelae in steroid-treated participants than in participants who were given antiviral therapy alone. Adverse events Adverse event data were available in four studies providing data on 1592 participants. None of the four comparisons showed clear differences in adverse events between treatment and comparison arms (very low certainty evidence). Antivirals plus steroids reduced the number of participants who experienced long term sequelae compared to placebo but there was no clear difference in this outcome with antiviral-treated people compared to those who were treated with cort
We found two randomised controlled trials (RCTs), including 97 women, comparing LHRH agonists (leuprorelin and treosulfan) versus placebo (a pretend drug) in women with platinum-resistant and platinum-refractory EOC. The evidence is current to August 2014. One study (Du Bois 2002) showed that treatment with leuprorerelin may not have any effect on overall survival (OS) or progression-free survival (PFS) at six and 12 months, respectively (very low-quality evidence). The duration of follow-up was 2.5 years and quality of life (QoL) was not reported in this study. The other study (Currie 1994) showed no difference between treatment with decapeptyl and placebo in PFS at 16 weeks and 11.2 weeks, respectively. No relative effects measures or P value at a particular time point were reported. Quality of life and adverse events were not reported. There may be little or no difference in other Grade 3/4 side effects: nausea and vomiting, neurotoxicity and neutropenia. The quality of evidence for all outcomes (including OS, PFS, QoL and side effects) is very low.
We found 17 randomised controlled studies that included term and near-term infants with hypoxaemic respiratory failure. Ten trials compared inhaled nitric oxide versus control (placebo or standard care without iNO) in infants with moderate or severe severity of illness scores (Ninos 1996; Roberts 1996; Wessel 1996; Davidson 1997; Ninos 1997; Mercier 1998; Christou 2000; Clark 2000; INNOVO 2007; Liu 2008). Six trials enrolled infants with mild to moderate symptoms of illness but allowed back-up treatment with iNO for infants who continued to satisfy the same criteria for severity after two hours. This trial enrolled both preterm and term infants but reported most results separately for the two groups. One trial compared iNO versus high-frequency ventilation (Kinsella 1997). Infants who received iNO at less severe criteria did not have better clinical outcomes than those who were enrolled but received treatment only if their condition deteriorated. Whether infants had clear echocardiographic evidence of persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn (PPHN) did not appear to affect response to iNO. Outcomes of infants with diaphragmatic hernia were not improved; outcomes were slightly, but not significantly, worse with oxygen (moderate-quality evidence). Fewer of the babies receiving iNO early satisfied late treatment criteria, showing that earlier iNO reduced progression of the disease but did not further decrease mortality nor the need for ECMO. Incidence of disability, incidence of deafness and infant development scores were all similar between tested survivors who received oxygen and those who did not. In summary: We found evidence that iNO is effective at an initial concentration of 20 ppm for infants with low blood oxygen levels who do not have a hernia.
The aim of this review was to assess the effectiveness of lumbar supports for the treatment of low-back pain in adults. The review includes fifteen studies with a total of 14,437 people. Seven preventive studies (14,437 participants) and eight treatment studies (1361 participants) were included in this updated review. Overall, the methodological quality of the studies was rather low. Only five of the fifteen studies met 50% or more of the internal validity items. There was moderate evidence that lumba-support is not more effective than no intervention or training in preventing low back pain, and conflicting evidence whether they are effective supplements to other preventive interventions. It is still unclear if lumbarb supports are more effective in treating low- back pain than no or other interventions. There is still a need for high quality randomised controlled trials on the effectiveness and safety of these interventions. One of the most essential issues to tackle in these future trials seems to be the realization of an adequate compliance. Special attention should be paid to different outcome measures, types of patients and types of support.
We included 57 studies with 16,784 catheters and 11 types of impregnations in this review. The total number of participants enrolled was unclear, as some studies did not provide this information. Most studies enrolled participants from the age of 18, including patients in intensive care units (ICU), oncology units and patients receiving long-term total parenteral nutrition. There were low or unclear risks of bias in the included studies, except for blinding, which was impossible in most studies due to the catheter that was being assessed having different appearances. Overall, catheter impregnation significantly reduced catheter-related blood stream infection (CRBSI), with an ARR of 2% (95% CI 3% to 1%), RR of 0.62 and NNTB of 50 (high-quality evidence). There were no significant differences between the impregnated and non-impregnated groups in the rates of adverse effects, including thrombosis/thrombophlebitis, bleeding, erythema and/or tenderness at the insertion site. However, there was no such difference for the outcome of CRBSI. The magnitude of benefits regarding catheter colonization varied according to setting, with significant benefits only in studies conducted in ICUs. In our subgroup analyses, we found that the magnitudes of benefits differed between studies that enrolled different types of participants. For the outcomes of catheter colonization and sepsis, antimicrobial CVCs conferred significant benefit in ICU and oncological units, but not in haematological and cancer units or studies that assessed predominantly patients who required CVC-for-long-term nutrition (RR 0.99; 95% CI 0.74 to 1.34). However, the magnitude of the benefits was also not affected by the participants' baseline risks. Our findings call for caution in routinely recommending the use of antimicrobial-immunocomponent C
The review included 15 studies, of which 14 were randomised controlled trials (RCTs). The interventions took place in recognised slums or poor urban or periurban areas. The study locations were mainly Bangladesh, India, and Peru. The participants included 9261 infants and children and 3664 pregnant women. The interventions included zinc supplementation in pregnant women (three studies), micronutrient or macronutrients supplementation in children (eight studies), nutrition education for pregnant women, and nutrition systems strengthening interventions targeting children (two studies). Six interventions were adapted to the urban context and seven targeted household, community, or'service delivery' via systems strengthening. There were no dietary intervention studies. None of the studies reported differential impacts of interventions relevant to equity issues. Overall, the evidence was complex to report, with a wide range of outcome measures reported. Consequently, only eight study findings were reported in meta-analyses and seven in a narrative form. The certainty of evidence was very low to moderate overall. All the studies identified were nutrient supplementation and educational interventions. There was no evidence of an effect on LBW, with moderate-certainty evidence, or no effect or unclear effect on length with low- to moderate-quality evidence. The studies had overall high risk of bias for 11 studies and only four RCTs had moderate risk of biased results. The evidence was inconclusive on the effects of nutrient supplementation of children on HFA for studies in the meta-analysis, and inconclusive for studies that reported on length at 18 months, with very low-to-moderate-quality of evidence. Nutrition education for women (versus standard care or no intervention) There was a positive impact on the LBW of education interventions in women, but there was no effect on the interventions in children. The quality of the evidence ranged from low to very low. The main limitations of this review were the small number of studies and participants, and the wide variety of outcomes reported.
This review identified 12 randomised controlled trials (1023 participants) that compared foam dressings with other wound dressing treatments for venous leg ulcers. There was no difference in healing outcomes between foam dressers and hydrocolloid dressings (three RCTs), and there was no significant difference in the proportion of ulcers that healed at 12 to 16 weeks in the group of participants who received polyurethane foam dressing (three trials). Pooled data across five RCTS (418 participants) showed no statistically significant difference between foam and hydricolloids (five RCT) in the percentage of ulcer-free participants. No statistically significant between-group differences were detected in the number of participants experiencing adverse events in the foam dressing group (one RCT for each comparison). No included RCT had an overall low risk of bias. The evidence in this area is of low quality. Further evidence is required from well-designed and rigorously-conducted trials, that employ methods to minimise bias and report them clearly, before any definitive conclusions can be made regarding the efficacy of foam dressing in the management of venous-leg ulcers in adults.
We found two randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) comparing celecoxib and etoricoxib to placebo in patients with rheumatological manifestations of inflammatory bowel disease. One study (n = 159) compared celecoxb (200 mg twice daily) to placebo and the other study (a total of 222 patients) compared a placebo (a fake drug) to celecoxi (a COX-2 inhibitor). Both studies were judged to be at low risk of bias. The two included studies were not pooled for meta-analysis due to differences in patient populations and treatment duration. There was no statistically significant difference in exacerbation of IBD between celecoxbi and placebo. After 12 weeks of treatment the IBD exacerbation rate was 17% (14/82) in the celecoxIB group compared to 19% (15/77) of the placebo group. A GRADE analysis indicated that the overall quality of the evidence supporting this outcome was low due to very sparse data (29 events). The results for disease exacerbation and side effects between the two COX inhibitor drugs were uncertain. The proportion of patients who experienced side effects was similar in the two groups (21% and 17%, respectively, P > 0.20). No patients in either group died or experienced serious side effects. Side effects included increased stool frequency, rectal bleeding, and inflamed mucosa. No patients experienced any cardiovascular adverse events. Renal toxicity or thrombotic AEs were not reported. GI AEs led to early withdrawal from the study in 3% of patients in celecoxid and placebo groups respectively. No major side effects were reported. The results of this review are uncertain due to the small number of patients and short duration of the studies. Clinicians need to continue to weigh the risks and benefits of these drugs when treating patients IBD patients with IBD symptoms in order to avoid IBD disease
We included 22 studies with a total of over 2310 participants (one study did not report number of participants). The included studies mostly had small numbers of participants (from 4 to 317) and relatively short follow-up periods (4 to 24 weeks). At baseline, six trials included only people with ulcers that were clinically infected; one trial included people with both infected ulcers and uninfected ulcers; two trials included people who had not been infected; and the remaining 13 studies did not provide information on infection status. Included studies employed various topical antimicrobial treatments, including antimicrobial dressings (e.g. silver, iodides), super-oxidised aqueous solutions, zinc hyaluronate, silver sulphadiazine, tretinoin, pexiganan cream, and chloramine), and growth factor. We performed the following five comparisons based on the included studies: Antimicrobial dressing compared with non-antimicrobial treatment: Pooled data from five trials with 945 participants suggest (based on the average treatment effect from a random-effects model) that more wounds may heal when treated with an antimicrobial dressing than with a dressing without antimicrobial treatment. These results correspond to an additional 119 healing events in the antimicrobial-dressing arm per 1000 participants (95% confidence interval (CI) 51 to 191 more). We consider this low-certainty evidence (downgraded twice due to risk of bias). The evidence on adverse events or other outcomes was uncertain. Topical antimicrobials compared with systemic antibiotics: We included four studies with 937 participants. These studies reported no wound-healing data, and the evidence was uncertain for the relative effects on resolution of infection and surgical resection (very low certainty). On average, there is probably little difference in the risk of adverse events between the compared topical and systemic antibiotics treatments: RR 0.91, 95% CI 0.78 to 1.06; moderate-
We included six studies that involved 5193 participants. We did not identify any new studies for inclusion in this update. Analysis showed that zinc supplementation reduced the incidence of pneumonia by 13% and the number of children who developed pneumonia by 41% in the six studies included in this review. On subgroup analysis, we found that zinc reduced the occurrence of pneumonia defined by specific clinical criteria by 21% (i.e. confirmation by chest examination or chest radiograph) but had no effect on lower specificity pneumonia case definition. The quality of the evidence was low.
The review of trials found that, despite its benefits in preventing diarrhoeal illnesses, vitamin A supplementation has only a limited effect in preventing acute LRTIs. This unexpected result is outside our current understanding of the use of vitamin A for prevention of acute respiratory tract infections. Vitamin A should not be given to all children to prevent acute lung infections. Positive effects appear limited to populations with acute and chronic under nutrition. Low-dose vitamin A appears to have fewer side effects and at least equal benefit to a high dose. This plain language summary was adapted by the review authors from a summary originally written by Ben Gray, Senior Peer Researcher, McPin Foundation (mcpin.org/).
The review of trials found that theophylline has a modest effect on lung function and lung function tests in people with moderate to severe COPD. These benefits were seen in participants receiving a variety of different bronchodilators (oral and inhaled) and in addition to corticosteroids. Improvement in exercise performance depended on the method of testing. There was a very low dropout rate in the studies that could be included in this review, which suggests that recruited participants may have been known by the investigators to be theophyLLine tolerant. This may limit the generalisability of these studies.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that involved a total of 439 children (oral immunotherapy 249; control intervention 190), aged 1 year to 18 years. Each study used a different oral immunotherapy protocol; none used sublingual immunotherapy. Three studies used placebo and seven used an egg avoidance diet as the control. Key results We found that children who received oral immune therapy were more likely to be able to eat a full serving of egg (1 g to 7.5 g) compared to 10% of children who did not receive treatment. However, fewer than half (45%) of children were able to tolerate full consumption of egg, compared with 10% in the control group. Mild-to-severe adverse events were frequent, with 75% of the children in the treatment group having mild-to severe adverse events compared to 6.8% of those not receiving treatment. Adverse events occurred in 4.2% of participants, which may relate to accidental ingestion of egg-containing food. We also found that 1 in 12 children had serious allergic reactions requiring adrenaline (adrenaline) and some people gave up oral immuneotherapy. Overall, the quality of the evidence was judged to be low due to small numbers of participants and events, and possible biases in the trials. There was a small number of trials with few participants, and methodological problems with some trials. Eight included studies were judged to have high risk of bias in at least one domain.
We included four randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) involving a total of 579 participants in this review. The evidence is current to August 2015. The review found that there is no evidence that an ILR-based diagnostic strategy reduces long-term mortality as compared to a standard diagnostic assessment. No data were available for short-term deaths. Data from two trials seemed to show no difference in quality of life, although this finding was not supported by a formal analysis due to differences in both the scores used and the way the data were reported. Cost analyses from two studies showed higher overall mean costs in the ILR group, if the costs incurred by the implant were counted. The average cost per diagnosis and the mean cost per arrhythmic diagnosis were lower for participants randomised to ILR implantation. Moderate quality evidence shows that aetiologic diagnosis is more likely to be made with an ILr implant than with a standard assessment. The quality of the evidence was very low due to the small number of participants in the studies and the limited number of data available. Further trials evaluating the effect of ILR in the diagnostic strategy of people with recurrent unexplained syncope are warranted. Future research should focus on the assessment of the ability of ILRs to change clinically relevant outcomes, such as quality oflife, syncope relapse and costs.
We found four small randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that enrolled 275 patients with 282 hydroceles. Participants were randomised to either surgery or aspiration and sclerotherapy. All studies were assessed as having low or unclear risk of bias for selection bias, detection bias, attrition bias and selective reporting bias. Blinding was not possible for participants and investigators based on the type of interventions. There were no significant differences in clinical cure between the two groups (3 studies, 215 participants) however there was significant heterogeneity (I² = 95%). On further investigation one study contributed all of the heterogeneity. This could be due to the agent used or the fact that this is a much older study than the other two studies included in this analysis. When this study was removed from the analysis the heterogeneity was 0% and the result was significant (in favour of surgery) (2 studies, 136 participants). There was a significant increase in recurrence of the disease in those who received surgery compared with those who were treated with aspiration. One study reported a non-significant decrease in fever in the surgical group. There was an increased number of infections in the surgery group however this increase was not statistically significant (4 studies, 275 participants). Three studies reported the frequency of pain in the sclerosant group was higher than in the aspiration group but because of different measurement tools used in these studies, we could not combine the results. Radiological cure was not reported in any of the included studies. There is no significant difference in haematoma formation between the groups. Only one study reported patient satisfaction at three and six months; there was no difference between the treatment groups. Radiologic cure rate in short-term follow-up was similar between groups, however there is significant uncertainty in this result (i² = 0%). There is a great need for further rigorous RCTs that assess the effectiveness of different type of scleroant agents, sclerosing solution concentration and injection volume
We included one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared nebulised recombinant human deoxyribonuclease (rhDNase) with placebo in 40 children with airway malacia and a respiratory tract infection. We assessed it to be a RCT with overall low risk of bias. Data analysed in this review showed that there was no significant difference between groups for the primary outcome of proportion cough-free at two weeks (odds ratio (OR) 1.38; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.37 to 5.14). However, the mean change in night time cough diary scores significantly favoured the placebo group (mean difference (MD 1.00: 95% CI 0.17 to 1.83, P = 0.02). The average change in daytime cough diary score from baseline was also better in the control group compared to those on nebulized rhDNase, but the difference between the two groups was not statistically significant. Other outcomes (dyspnoea, and difficulty in expectorating sputum scores, and lung function tests) also favoured placebo over nebulaised rh DNase but did not reach levels of significance. There is currently an absence of evidence to support any of the therapies currently utilised for management of intrinsic tracheomalacia. It remains inconclusive whether the use of nebulisation of the bronchus in children with bronchiolitis and respiratory tract infections worsens recovery. It is unlikely that any RCT on surgically based management will ever be available for children with severe life-threatening illness associated with the condition. For those with less severe disease, RCTs on interventions such as antibiotics and chest physiotherapy are clearly needed. Outcomes of these trials should include measurements of the trachea and physiological outcomes in addition to clinical outcomes.
We included 21 studies with 2658 participants in this review. All studies assessed the effectiveness of some form of psychological therapy. Fourteen studies evaluated forms of cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT); the remainder evaluated behaviour therapies, third-wave CBT (mindfulness), psychodynamic therapies, and integrative therapy. Fifteen included studies compared the studied psychological therapy with usual care or a waiting list. Five studies compared psychological therapy to enhanced or structured care. Only one study compared CBT with behaviour therapy. Across the 21 studies, the average number of sessions ranged from one to 13, over a period of one day to nine months. Duration of follow-up varied between two weeks and 24 months. The duration of symptoms, reported by nine studies, was at least several years, suggesting most participants had chronic symptoms at baseline. Eleven studies (52% of studies) reported a loss to follow up of more than 20%. For other items, most studies were at low risk of bias. Adverse events were seldom reported. For all studies, CBT resulted in less severe symptoms at end of treatment (10 studies, 1081 analysed participants). This effect was considered small to medium; heterogeneity was moderate and overall quality of the evidence was low. When all psychological therapies included this review were combined they were superior to usual care and waiting list in terms of reduction of symptom severity, but effect sizes were small. As a single treatment, only CBT has been adequately studied to allow tentative conclusions for practice to be drawn. In daily practice, there is also a substantial proportion of participants not willing to accept psychological treatments for somatoform disorders or MUPS. It is unclear how large this group is and how this influences the relevance of CBT in clinical practice. The number of studies investigating various treatment modalities (other than CBT) needs to be increased; this is especially relevant for studies concerning physical therapies. Future studies should include participants from a variety of age groups; they should also make efforts to blind
We included 63 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) in this updated review. In total, we included 63 RCTs in the review, but we were only able to synthesize data on regional anaesthesia for the prevention of PPP beyond three months after surgery from 39 studies, enrolling a total of 3027 participants in our inclusive analysis. Evidence synthesis of seven studies suggested that epidural anaesthesia may reduce the risk of developing PPP after thoracotomy, suggesting the odds of having PPP three to 18 months following an epidural was 0.52 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.32 to 0.84, 499 participants, moderate-quality evidence). Simlarly, evidence synthesis of 18 studies showed that regional anaesthetic may reduce persistent pain three to 12 months after breast cancer surgery, and pooled data at three to 8 months after caesarean section (551 participants) favoured regional anaesthesiologists for preventing PPP. We did not synthesize evidence for the surgical subgroups of limb amputation, hernia repair, cardiac surgery and laparotomy. We could not pool evidence for adverse effects because the included studies did not examine them systematically, and reported them sparsely. High risk of bias from missing data and lack of blinding across a number of included studies reduced our confidence in the findings. Thus results must be interpreted with caution. Our conclusions are considerably weakened by the small size and number of studies, by performance bias, null bias, attrition and missing data. Larger, high-quality studies, including children, are needed. We caution that except for breast surgery, our evidence synthesis is based on only a few small studies. There are seven ongoing studies and 12 studies awaiting classification that may change the conclusions of the current review once they are published and incorporated.
Twenty-eight randomised controlled trials involving a total of 1742 participants were included in this review. Twenty-eight trials compared different types of second-generation antipsychotics (flupenthixol decanoate, haloperidol, thiothixene), first-generation first- generation antipsychotic (aripirazole, olanzapine, ziprasidone), mood stabilisers (carbamazepine, valproate semisodium, lamotrigine, topiramate), antidepressants (amitriptyline, fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, phenelzine sulfate, mianserin), and dietary supplementation (omega-3 fatty acid) were tested. The findings were suggestive in supporting the use of these drugs, but these findings are based on single studies and need to be replicated. The long-term use of the drugs has not been assessed. There was a possible increase in self-harming behaviour, significant weight gain, sedation, and changes in haemogram parameters with the second-gen antipsychotrials. No promising results are available for the core BPD symptoms of chronic feelings of emptiness, identity disturbance and abandonment. Conclusions have to be drawn carefully in the light of several limitations of the RCT evidence that constrain applicability to everyday clinical settings (among others, patients' characteristics and duration of interventions and observation periods). Antidepressants are not widely supported for BPD treatment, but may be helpful in the presence of comorbid conditions. Total BPD severity was not significantly influenced by any drug. All drugs were well tolerated in terms of attrition.
We included seven trials involving a total of 349 participants, 217 of whom completed the studies. Three trials were cross-over and four were parallel-group randomised controlled trials (RCTs). Of these, two trials were added for this update. One trial was free of significant methodological limitations, but there were difficulties with recruitment and maintaining participants in this study. The included studies reported data on six of the nine primary and secondary outcome measures. None of the trials addressed: number of catheters used, washout acceptability measures (including patient satisfaction, patient discomfort, pain and ease of use), or health status/measures of psychological health; very limited data were collected for health economic outcomes. Four trials compared washout (either saline or acidic solution) with no washout. We are uncertain if washout solutions (saline or acidic) have an important effect on the rate of symptomatic urinary tract infection or the length of time each catheter was in situ because the results are imprecise. Two trials compared different types of washout solution; saline versus acidic solutions (2 trials); saline versus acid solution (1 trial); and saline versus antimicrobial solution (one trial). The evidence was not adequate to conclude if washouts were beneficial or harmful. The high risk of bias of the included studies resulted in the evidence being graded as low or very low quality.
We included 30 studies (18,682 participants in total). Eighteen studies contributed to the main objective of this review and 22 studies to the secondary objectives. We found substantial differences between studies in cancer diagnosis, cancer treatment, age of participants, questionnaires used to assess fatigue, and sample size. All included studies scored at least one 'Risk of bias' item as unclear or high risk. We identified both clinical and statistical heterogeneity and therefore could not pool results, so we present them descriptively. Eighteen of the 18 studies (describing 14,573 survivors) reported the prevalence of severe fatigue, which ranged from 0% to 61.7%. In a subgroup of three studies including children aged up to 18 years at fatigue assessment (268 survivors), the prevalence rates ranged from 6.7% to 12.5%. In comparison, in 12 studies including participants aged 16 and over (13,952 survivors), prevalence ranged from 4.4% to 65.7%, and in seven studies (1907 survivors) the prevalence was 1.8% to 35.9%. In two studies (252 survivors) we found that severe fatigue in brain cancer survivors was 14.6% and 21.1% respectively. One study presented a prevalence for bone cancer survivors of 0.0% (17 survivors). Four studies provided prevalence rates of moderate fatigue in control groups of siblings or population-based controls. In these four studies, survivors were more often fatigued than controls, but this difference was statistically significant in only two studies. We were unable to calculate any overall risk estimate for any of the reported risks and associated factors, because we could not conduct a meta-analysis. We could not combine the results from any of these studies because of differences in the reporting of possible risk and associated risk factors. Studies assessing risk and related factors for fatigue were heterogeneous, and definitions of the factors under study were often inconsistent. They found that depression might be associated with fatigue. In contrast
We included 36 trials involving 6914 people. There was variation in the antibiotics used, patient characteristics and risk of RTIs and mortality in the control groups. In trials comparing a combination of topical and systemic antibiotics, there was a significant reduction in both RTIs (16 studies = 16, odds ratio (OR) 0.28, 95% CI 0.20 to 0.38) and total mortality (number of studies = 17, OR 0.75, CI 0). There was no reduction in RTIs in trials comparing topical antimicrobials alone (or comparing topical plus systemic versus systemic antibiotics) but not in total mortality. A combination of systemic and topical prophylactic antibiotics reduces respiratory infections and overall mortality in adult patients receiving intensive care. The risk of resistance occurring as a negative consequence of antibiotic use was appropriately explored only in one trial which did not show any such effect.
This review identified five randomised controlled studies that investigated the effectiveness of educational interventions targeting nursing staff for preventing or reducing the use of physical restraints in geriatric long-term care. Four studies examined nursing home residents and one study residents in group dwelling units. No studies in community settings were included. Three studies included only one or two nursing homes per study condition. All of them investigated educational approaches. Two studies offered consultation in addition and two other studies offered guidance for nursing staff in addition. Overall, methodological quality of studies was low. The studies revealed inconsistent results. One study in the nursing home setting documented an increase of PR use in both groups after eight months, while the other three studies found reduced use of PR in the intervention groups after seven and 12 months of follow up respectively. The single study examining residents in a group dwelling unit found no change in PR use after six months whereas PR use increased significantly in the control group. There is not enough evidence to support or refute educational interventions aimed at nursing staff to prevent or reduce the use or reduce physical restraints.
The review included four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 416 women. The trials compared glucocorticoid supplementation during IVF stimulation versus placebo. Two of the studies had data in a form that we could not enter into analysis, so results include data from only two trials (310) women. For the outcome of live birth, data were available for only 212 women, as the larger study had data available from only one study centre. The evidence was rated as low or very low quality for all outcomes, mainly due to imprecision, with low sample sizes and few events. There was insufficient evidence to determine whether there was any difference between the groups in live birth rate (2 RCTs, 212 women). Our findings suggest that if the chance of a live birth with placebo is assumed to be 15%, the chance following supplementation would be between 7% and 31%. There was no conclusive evidence of a difference in the clinical pregnancy rate between the two groups (2 trials, 310 women). There was also insufficient evidence from one trial (20 women) to determine if there was a difference between groups in multiple-pregnancy rate or miscarriage rate (1 RCT, 20 women). Neither of the trials reported OHSS or side-effects. The safety and effectiveness of glucocorts administration in women undergoing controlled ovarian hyperstimulation for IVF/ICSI cycles (until the day of oocyte retrieval) is unclear due to the small number of studies and low event rates. More research is needed.
We included eight trials (291 participants, aged between five and 23 years) in this review. Seven trials compared standard-dose rhGH (approximately 0.3 mg/kg/week) to no treatment and one three-arm trial (63 participants) compared placebo (a pretend treatment) to standard dose rhGH. Six trials lasted for one year and two trials for six months. When compared with no treatment, rhGH therapy is effective in improving the intermediate outcomes in height, weight and lean body mass. Some measures of pulmonary function showed moderate improvement, but no consistent benefit was seen across all trials. We found that rhGH treatment may improve some of the pulmonary function outcomes but there was no difference between standard and high-dose levels (low-quality evidence, limited by inconsistency across the trials, small number of participants and short duration of therapy). The trials show evidence of improvement in the anthropometric parameters (height, weight, and lean bodies mass) with rhGH, but again no differences between dose levels. There is some evidence indicating a change in the level of fasting blood glucose, but it did not cross the clinical threshold for diagnosis of diabetes in the trials of short duration. There was no significant change in quality of life, clinical status or side-effects. One small trial provided inconsistent evidence on improvement in pulmonary function. There were no significant changes in quality-of-life, quality of the patient's clinical status and side-effect rates. None of the trials have systematically compared the expense of therapy on overall healthcare costs. No significant changes were observed in the quality of evidence for improvement of pulmonary exacerbations with no further significant adverse effects, but this is limited by the short duration and the small numbers of participants. Long-term, well-designed randomised controlled trials of rhGH in individuals with CF are required prior to routine clinical use of RhGH in CF.
We included 26 studies with 1,695 participants in this review. The studies compared the effects of reducing exposure to low molecular weight agents in the workplace to either continuing exposure or reducing exposure. The evidence is current to September 2015. The review found that reducing exposure may improve symptoms and lung function compared to continued exposure. It also found that reduction of exposure may increase the likelihood of reporting absence of symptoms, and it may improve asthma symptoms compared to continuing exposure. Reduction of exposure was achieved by limiting use of the agent, improving ventilation, or using protective equipment in the same job; by changing to another job with intermittent exposure; or by implementing education programs. The quality of the evidence is very low for all outcomes. Removal from exposure may also increase the risk of unemployment. Care providers should balance the potential clinical benefits of removal from exposure or reduced exposure with the potential detrimental effects of unemployment, and additional high-quality studies are needed to evaluate the effectiveness of workplace interventions for occupational asthma.
The review included six trials with a total of 1758 participants. Participants were aged 48 to 57 years, except for one trial that had a mean age of 73 years. All participants were from the outpatient setting and had either nonerosive reflux disease or milder grades of esophagitis (LA grade A or B). Five trials investigated on-demand deprescribing and one trial examined abrupt discontinuation. There was low quality evidence that people taking PPI on a 'demand basis' were at increased risk of 'lack of symptom control' compared with continuous PPI use (five trials, 1653 participants). There was a clinically significant reduction in 'drug burden', measured as PPI pill use per week (mean difference (MD) -3.79, 95% confidence interval (CI) -4.73 to -2.84), based on moderate quality evidence (four trials, 1152 participants). On-demand use of PPI may be associated with reduced participant satisfaction (low quality evidence). There were insufficient data to make a conclusion regarding long-term benefits and harms of stopping PPI, although two trials reported endoscopic findings in their intervention groups at study end. None of the included studies reported cost/resource use or positive drug withdrawal effects.
We included 13 randomised trials (975 participants). These evaluated social skills programmes versus standard care, or discussion group. We found evidence that social skills training may improve the social skills of people with schizophrenia and reduce relapse rates, but at present, the evidence is very limited with data rated as very low quality. We also found that rates of relapse and rehospitalisation were lower for social skills compared to standard care and participants’ mental state results were better in the group receiving social skill programmes. Global state was measured in one trial by numbers not experiencing a clinical improvement, results favoured social skills (1 RCT, n = 67, RR 0.29 CI 0.12 to 0.68). Quality of life was also improved in the participants receiving social skills programme compared to the control group. However, when social skills was compared to a discussion group control, we found no significant differences in social functioning, relapse rates or mental state or quality of life, again the quality of evidence for these outcomes was very low. When social skills were compared to discussion there was no difference on patients outcomes. Cultural differences might limit the applicability of the current results, as most reported studies were conducted in China. Whether social skills programs can improve social functioning in different settings remains unclear and should be investigated.
We found one randomised controlled trial (225 participants, 145 with tophi at baseline) randomised to one of three arms; pegloticase infusion every two weeks (biweekly, monthly or alternating with placebo infusion) and placebo. This was the pooled results from two RCTs with 225 participants. The evidence is current to August 2015. We found that biweekly (two times a week) and monthly (one twice a week, alternating with a placebo) infusion resulted in a reduction in tophi in the subset of participants who had tophi, but increased withdrawals due to adverse events in all participants, and monthly infusion appeared to result in less benefit. Pegloticase administered biweekly resulted in more participants withdrawing from the study due to side effects than placebo (15/85 participants withdrew from the trial because of side effects compared with 1/43 participants with placebo; number needed to treat for an additional harmful outcome (NNTB) 7; NNTH 6, 95% confidence interval (CI) 4 to 17). Peglopicase administered monthly resulted in fewer participants withdrawing due to a side effect compared with placebo (16/84 participants withdrew due to an adverse event, NNTB 8; RR 8.19, CI 1.12 to 59.71). Most withdrawals were due to infusion reactions. As 80% of the side effects in the placebo group were probably due to flares of gout, probably unrelated to the drug treatment per se, this may explain the high rate of adverse events for those who were treated with placebo - who were essentially untreated. This study showed that, compared to placebo, biweekly and monthly treatment resulted in better resolution of tophi. However, there is a need for more RCT data considering other interventions, including surgery to remove tophi from people with gout. The quality of the evidence was moderate, meaning that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the results.
This review identified five studies on oral immunoglobulin for the prevention of NEC of which three met the inclusion criteria. In this review of the three eligible trials (including 2095 neonates), the oral administration of IgG or an IgG/IgA combination did not result in a significant reduction in the incidence of NEC (typical risk ratio (RR) 0.84, 95% confidence interval (CI) -0.57 to 1.25, three studies, 1840 infants), suspected NEC or death from NEC. Based on the available trials, the evidence does not support the administration of oral IgA alone or in combination with IgG for preventing NEC. There are no randomized controlled trials of IgA combined with oral IgG alone.
The review of trials found that postoperative platinum based chemotherapy is associated with a small benefit in progression-free survival and overall survival irrespective of radiotherapy treatment. It reduces the risk of developing a metastasis, could be an alternative to radiotherapy and has added value when used with radiotherapy.
We included 35 studies, from a wide range of countries on six continents. Nineteen studies were conducted in low- and middle-income settings and sixteen in high-income countries. The studies covered a range of digital targeted client communication, for example medication or appointment reminders, prenatal health information, support for smoking cessation while pregnant, or general sexual health information. Some of the studies explored the views of people who had experienced the interventions, whereas others were hypothetical in nature, asking what people felt they would like from a digital health intervention. Our synthesis showed that clients' experiences of these types of programmes were mixed. Some felt that these programmes provided them with feelings of support and connectedness, as they felt that someone was taking the time to send them messages. They also described sharing the messages with their friends and family. However, clients also pointed to problems when using these programmes. Some had poor access to cell networks and to the internet. Others had no phone, had lost or broken their phone, could not afford airtime, or had changed their phone number. Some clients, particularly women and teenagers, had their access to phones controlled by others (moderate confidence). The cost of messages could also be a problem, and many thought that messages should be free of charge (high confidence). Language issues as well as skills in reading, writing, and using mobile phones could be problems. Clients dealing with stigmatised or personal health conditions such as HIV, family planning, or abortion care were also concerned about privacy and confidentiality, and some clients suggested strategies to deal with these issues, such as using neutral language and tailoring the content, timing, and frequency of messages (high confident). Clients wanted messages at a time and frequency that was convenient for them. They had preferences for different delivery channels (e.g. short message service (SMS) or interactive voice response) and they also had preferences about message content, including new knowledge, reminders, solutions, and suggestions about health issues (moderate confident
We searched for studies that compared methadone with any other opioid agonists, placebo (a pretend medication), other opioid medications, or other medications used to treat opioid dependence. We found 24 randomised controlled trials involving 2467 people. The results indicate that the medications used in the included studies are similar in terms of overall effectiveness, although symptoms experienced by participants differed according to the medication used and the program adopted. Data from literature are hardly comparable; programs vary widely with regard to the assessment of outcome measures, impairing the application of meta-analysis. The studies included in this review confirm that slow tapering with temporary substitution of long-acting opioids, can reduce withdrawal severity. Nevertheless, the majority of patients relapsed to heroin use.
The review of trials found that heavy sedation is more intense but less prolonged than withdrawal managed with reducing doses of methadone, and doses of naltrexone sufficient for blockade of opioid effects can be established significantly more quickly with antagonist-induced withdrawal than withdrawal with clonidine and symptomatic medications. The level of sedation does not affect the intensity and duration of withdrawal, although the duration of anaesthesia may influence withdrawal severity. There is a significantly greater risk of adverse events with heavy, compared to light, sedation, and probably with this approach compared to other forms of detoxification. The review found that this form of treatment does not confer any additional benefits in terms of less severe withdrawal or increased rates of commencement on maintenance treatment.
We included fourteen studies in this review. The studies lasted from very short (10 days) studies of the intramuscular preparation, to trials lasting over three months. For measures of global assessment, available data do not justify any conclusions on the comparative efficacy of molindone and placebo. When compared to other typical antipsychotics, we found no evidence of a difference in effectiveness (doctors' 4 RCTs n=150, nurses' 4RCTS n=146, RR 1.23, CI 0.82 to 1.86). Molindone is no more or less likely than typical drugs to cause movement disorders, but it does cause significantly more weight loss. The strength of the evidence relating to this compound is limited, owing to small sample size, poor study design, limited outcomes and incomplete reporting. Data from this review suggest, at present, there is no evidence to suggest that it may have an atypical profile.
We included 20 studies with a total of 2125 participants covering 23 different treatments. Each study involved a different set of treatments. They can be grouped into those including a bleaching agent such as hydroquinone, triple-combination creams, tretinoin, and fluocinolone acetonide, and combination therapies (hydroquinone cream and glycolic acid peels), as well as less conventional therapies including rucinol, vitamin C iontophoresis, and skin-lightening complexes like Thiospot and Gigawhite. The quality of studies evaluating melasma treatments was generally poor and available treatments inadequate. High-quality randomised controlled trials on well-defined participants with long-term outcomes to determine the duration of response are needed. The adverse events most commonly reported were mild and transient such as skin irritation, itching, burning, and stinging.
Twelve trials, which randomised 1319 participants, were included in the review. All studies were a minimum of one year long. A significant reduction in surgical failure in the first year after trabeculectomy was detected in eyes at high risk of failure and those undergoing surgery for the first time receiving regular-dose 5-FU postoperative injections (RR 0.67, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.51 to 0.88). This translates to a number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome of 4.1 for the high-risk of failure patients, and 5.0 for the primary-trabeculothoracic patients. No surgical failures were detected in studies assessing combined surgery. No evidence was found of an increased risk of serious sight-threatening complications. Intraocular pressure was also reduced in the primary group receiving intraoperative 5.FU and the low-dose group receiving 5.5FU postoperatively. No significant change occurred in the combined surgery group receiving either regular- or intraoperative-5-FU. The quality of evidence varied between subgroups and outcomes, most notably the evidence for combined surgery and low-dosage postoperative 5 toFU was found to be very low using GRADE. The combined surgery postoperative subgroup because no surgical failures have been reported and the sample size is small (n = 118), and the lower-dose postoperative group because of the small number of participants and the risk of bias of the only contributing study. This means that the results of this review may not be reliable. The small but statistically significant reduction of surgical failures and intraocular pressure at one year in the patients undergoing primary-tuberculous surgery and high- risk group must be weighed against the increased risks of complications and patient preference. Postoperative injections of 5 to 5FU are now rarely used as part of routine packages of postoperative care but are increasingly used on an ad hoc basis. This presumably reflects
The review of trials found that long-term use of inhaled steroids (more than six months) did not consistently reduce the rate of decline in forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) in COPD patients, although one major trial demonstrated a statistically significant difference. There was no statistically significant effect on mortality. Longer use of ICS reduced the mean rate of exacerbations in those studies where pooling of data was possible (generic inverse variance analysis: MD -0.26 exacerbations per patient per year, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.37 to 0.14, 2586 participants). There was a 0.19 exacerbation rate per year reduction in quality of life, as measured by the St George's Respiratory Questionnaire (MD -1.22 units/year, 2507 participants). The rate of response to ICS was not predicted by oral steroid response, bronchodilator reversibility or bronchial hyper-responsiveness. There is an increased risk of oropharyngeal candidiasis and hoarseness. In the long term studies, pneumonia was increased in the ICS group compared to placebo, in studies that reported pneumonia as an adverse event (OR 1.56). There were no major effects on fractures and bone mineral density over three years.
We included 80 randomised controlled trials (5820 women). They compared 20 different NSAIDs (18 non-selective and two COX-2-specific) versus placebo, paracetamol or each other. Most of the studies were commercially funded (59%); a further 31% failed to state their source of funding. NSAIDs versus placebo Among women with primary dysmenorrhoea, NSAIDs appeared to be more effective for pain relief than placebo (35 trials, 53 women). This suggests that if 18% of women taking placebo achieve moderate or excellent pain relief, between 45% and 53% taking NSAIDs will do so. There was no evidence of a difference between NSAIDs and placebo with regard to side effects, though data were very scanty. The quality of the evidence was low for most comparisons, mainly due to poor reporting of study methods. The available evidence had little power to detect such differences, as most individual comparisons were based on very few small trials. There is insufficient evidence to determine which (if any) individual NSAID is the safest and most effective for the treatment of dysmen orrhoeA.
We included seven studies that compared high versus low levels of PEEP (2565 participants). In five of the studies (2417 participants), a comparison was made between high and low PEEP with the same tidal volume in both groups, but in the remaining two studies (148 participants), the tidal volume was different between high- and low-level groups. In the main analysis, we assessed mortality occurring before hospital discharge only in those studies (involving 2417 participants) that compared the high-PEEP group versus the same-volume group. With the three studies that were included, the meta-analysis revealed no statistically significant differences between the two groups (relative risk (RR) 0.90, 95% CI 0.81 to 1.01), nor was any statistically significant difference seen in the risk of barotrauma. Oxygenation was improved in participants receiving high-level PEEP, although data derived from the studies showed a considerable degree of statistical heterogeneity. Available data were insufficient to allow pooling of length of stay in the intensive care unit (ICU). The subgroup of participants with ARDS showed decreased mortality in the ICU, although it must be noted that in two of the three included studies, the authors used a protective ventilatory strategy involving a low tidal volume and high levels of ventilation. This review indicates that the included studies were characterized by clinical heterogeneity.
This review included 42 studies (11,399 patients) including 19 studies from the original review (2010), as well as 23 new studies. Fifteen studies were excluded from this review (nine retracted from publication due to concerns about integrity of data and six lacking individual patient creatinine data for the calculation of RIFLE criteria). Overall, there was a significant increase in the need for renal replacement therapy (RRT) in the HES treated individuals compared to individuals treated with other fluid therapies and the number with author-defined kidney failure (15 studies, 1361 patients). The risk of AKI based on renal failure-related criteria also showed an increased risk in HES patients compared to those treated with RRT. However, when kidney function tests were excluded as per study protocol, AKI risk favoured the other fluid type, with a non-significant increase in risk in kidney failure in individuals receiving HES. A more robust effect was seen for the kidney injury-related outcome (RIFLE-I (injury) outcome, with an increase of 1.22 (95% CI 1.08 to 1.37). No differences were seen between subgroups for sepsis versus non-sepsis patients, high molecular weight (MW) and degree of substitution (DS) versus low MW and DS, or high versus low dose treatments (i.e. ≥ 2 L versus < 2 L). The current evidence suggests that all HES products increase the risk in AKI and RRT in all patient populations and a safe volume of any HES solution has yet to be determined. In most clinical situations it is likely that these risks outweigh any benefits, and alternate volume replacement therapies should be used in place of HES product. Overall, methodological quality of the studies was good.
We identified nine studies that enrolled 682 participants. Seven studies compared Rheum officinale with no treatment and two made comparisons with captopril, an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor (ACEi). The evidence is current to August 2015. The review found no evidence that the use of the drug improves SCr and BUN levels in patients with CKD. Only minor adverse events were reported in association with R hematopoietic stem cell transplantation. No data were available on all-cause mortality or cost of treatment. The quality of the evidence was low or very low.
We included 13 papers, representing data from 2745 individuals (n = 1413 (51%) with dementia). The IQCODE can be used to identify older adults in the general hospital setting who are at risk of dementia and require specialist assessment; it is useful specifically for ruling out those without evidence of cognitive decline. There was significant heterogeneity in the included studies, including a highly varied prevalence of dementia (10.5% to 87.4%). Across the included papers there was substantial potential for bias, particularly around sampling of included participants and selection criteria, which may limit generalisability. The language of administration did not affect test accuracy, which supports the cross-cultural use of the tool. These findings are qualified by the significant heterogeneity, the potential for systematic errors and suboptimal reporting found in the studies.
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 91 participants in this review. All three studies investigated various types and intensities of outpatient rehabilitation programmes following BoNT for upper limb spasticity in adults with chronic stroke. Rehabilitation programmes included: modified constraint-induced movement therapy (mCIMT) compared with a neurodevelopmental therapy programme; task practice therapy with cyclic functional electrical stimulation (FES), and occupational, manual therapy with dynamic elbow extension splinting compared with occupational therapy only. All three studies scored 'low quality' on the methodological quality assessment, implying high risk of bias. There was low quality evidence for mCIMTs improving upper limb motor function and spasticities in chronic stroke survivors with residual voluntary upper limb activity, up to six months, and'very low quality' evidence for dynamic elbow splintings and occupational therapy reducing elbow range of movement at 14 weeks. There is no evidence for the effectiveness of outpatient MD rehabilitation in improving active function and impairments in adults after BoNT. No trials explored the effect of MD rehabilitation on 'passive function' (caring for the affected limb), caregiver burden, or the individual's priority goals for treatment. The optimal types (modalities, therapy approaches, settings) of therapy for improving activity (active and passive function) in adults and children with post-stroke spasticia, in the short and longer term, are unclear. Further research is required to build evidence in this area.
This review identified four randomised clinical trials, recruiting 136 participants. Two trials compared lamivudine alone versus HBIg alone. A third trial compared combination treatment with lamivudiudine and HBIG versus lamividine alone after one month of combination treatment, and a fourth trial compared the combination of lamivuda and hibigabutil (HBIg) versus a combination of laminosorbide and adefovir dipivoxil after at least 12-month of combined treatment. Statistically significant differences were not detected in any of the comparisons and outcomes. All trials were open-labelled, and none of the trials were adequately powered to show a difference in HBV recurrence. No meta-analyses were performed since the identified trials assessed different comparisons. This review could not derive clear evidence from randomised trials for the treatment of patients with chronic HBV following liver transplantation for preventing recurrence of HBV infection. Large, well-designed clinical trials comparing long-term combination treatment to each of the monotherapy alone, including the newer antiviral drugs, are needed.
The review of trials found that sulphonylurea with insulin did not improve metabolic control significantly more than insulin alone at three months (one study, n = 15) and at 12 months of treatment and follow-up. In addition, there was evidence that SU caused earlier insulin dependence (proportion requiring insulin at two years was 30% in the SU group compared to 5% in conventional care group). Patients classified as insulin dependent was 64% (SU group) and 12.5% (insulin group). No intervention influenced fasting C-peptide levels, but insulin maintained stimulated levels better than SU. One study showed that vitamin D with insulin may protect pancreatic beta cells in LADA. However, there is no information regarding health-related quality of life, complications of diabetes, cost or health service utilisation, mortality and limited evidence on adverse events (studies on oral agents or insulin reported no adverse events in terms of severe hypoglycaemic episodes). Two studies show SU leading to early insulin dependence and a meta-analysis of four studies with considerable heterogeneity showed poorer metabolic control if SU is prescribed for patients with LADA compared to insulin alone. There is no significant evidence for or against other lines of treatment.
We included 70 studies (44,958 participants) in the review, and 63 studies (42,784 participants) were included in the meta-analyses. Overall, the risk of bias assessment showed that these studies provided moderate or low quality evidence. Outcomes at four or more months post-intervention were of particular interest to assess when effects were sustained beyond the immediate short term. The results of this review indicate that no substantive meaningful benefits are associated with social norms interventions for prevention of alcohol misuse among college/university students. Although some significant effects were found, we interpret the effect sizes as too small, given the measurement scales used in the studies included in this review, to be of relevance for policy or practice. Moreover, the significant effects are not consistent for all misuse measures, heterogeneity was a problem in some analyses and bias cannot be discounted as a potential cause of these findings.
We included three trials with a total of 492 participants who had received 530 THA. The evidence presented was of very low quality. One study (81 participants) compared outcomes for participants randomised to the provision of hip precautions, equipment and functional restrictions versus no provision. There were no incidences of hip dislocation or adverse events in either group during the initial 12 postoperative months. The study did not measure pain score, global assessment of treatment success or total adverse events. Due to the quality of evidence being very low, we are uncertain if hip precautions with or without the addition of equipment and restrictions to functional activities improve function or health-related quality of life (HRQOL) measured at four week follow-up, compared to not providing this. There is also insufficient evidence to support or refute the adoption of a postoperative community rehabilitation programme consisting of functional reintegration and education compared to conventional rehabilitation strategies based on functional outcomes. The quality of the evidence was very low due to the risk of bias in the included studies. We are uncertain whether hip precautions are effective in preventing dislocation and improving outcomes after THA, and we are also uncertain if there is any difference in the rate of recovery between participants who were not prescribed postoperative equipment or restrictions compared to those who were. We were uncertain if enhanced postoperative education and rehabilitation improved function when assessed using the Objective and Subjective Functional Capability Index (one trial; no numerical results provided) compared to a conventional rehabilitation intervention in the community. There was no difference in pain, function, HRQOL, re-operations rates or total side effects between participants provided with hip precautions and those provided with equipment or restriction post-THA. One of the studies (146 participants) investigated the providing of an enhanced rehabilitation service on hospital discharge to promote functional ADL and to promote ADL in those who had undergone THA compared to the conventional rehabilitation programme. This study was of low quality evidence. The results of this study
This review of three randomised controlled trials found that LNG-IUD use reduces the recurrence of painful periods in women with endometriosis. There is limited but consistent evidence showing that postoperative use of an intrauterine device (IUD) reduces the risk of painful period recurrence. Further well-designed RCTs are needed to confirm these findings.
We included 24 studies, with the majority (20/24) giving concerns about risk of bias. All of the included studies investigated food products; none investigated alcohol or tobacco. The majority were conducted in laboratory settings, with adult participants (17/24), and used between-participants designs (19/24). All studies were from high-income countries, predominantly in the USA. Six studies investigated availability interventions, of which two changed the absolute number of different options available, and four altered the relative proportion of less-healthy (to healthier) options. Most studies (4/6) manipulated snack foods or drinks. For selection outcomes, meta-analysis of three comparisons from three studies (n = 154) found that exposure to fewer options resulted in a large reduction in selection of the targeted food(s): SMD 1.13 (95% confidence interval (CI) −1.90 to −0.37) (low certainty evidence). For consumption outcomes, the evidence was of moderate quality, but the certainty of this evidence was low or very low. Most (14/18) changed the distance at which a snack food or drink was placed from the participants, whilst four studies changed the order of meal components encountered along a line. For the other outcomes, only one study with one comparison was identified, which found that food placed farther away resulted in moderate reduction in its selection: SMD 0.65 (95%) (CI −2.29 to 0.01) (very low certainty evidence) (moderate reduction in consumption). Meta-regression analyses indicated that this effect was greater: the farther away the product was placed; when only the targeted product(s) was available; and when participants were of low deprivation status. The current evidence suggests that changing the number of available food options or altering the positioning of foods could contribute to meaningful changes in behaviour, justifying policy actions to promote such changes within food environments. The certainty of the evidence as assessed by GRADE is low
We found no randomized controlled trials that evaluated the effect of two or more antiretroviral drugs for occupational PEP. Only one case-control study was included in this review. This study showed that PEP is not 100% effective in preventing HIV seroconversion. HIV transmission was significantly associated with deep injury, visible blood on the device, procedures involving a needle placed in the blood vessel, and terminal illness in the source patient. After controlling for these risk factors, no differences were detected in the rates at which cases and controls were offered post-exposure prophylaxis with zidovudine. However, cases had significantly lower odds of having taken zidodudine after exposure compared to controls. Adherence to and complications with PEP were higher with a three-drug regimen, especially one containing indinavir, but discontinuation rates were not significantly different. There is no direct evidence to support the use of multi-drug regimens following occupational exposure to HIV, but, due to the success of combination therapies in treating HIV-infected individuals, a combination of antirerhabdomyosorbent drugs should be used for PEP, depending on the risk of seroconverting. More rigorous evaluation of adverse events, especially in the developing world, are required.
The review of trials found that CBT has small to moderate effects on pain, disability, mood and catastrophising immediately post-treatment, but all except a small effect on mood had disappeared at follow-up. CBT but not behaviour therapy has small effects on disability associated with chronic pain, with some maintenance at six months. Behaviour therapy has no effects on mood, but showed a small improvement in mood immediately following treatment when compared with treatment as usual/waiting list. There is no evidence to support the use of CBT for the management of chronic pain. The quality of the trial design has improved over time but the quality of treatments has not.
We included 15 national initiatives, including more than 260,000 people, in this review. None of the initiatives were provided in lower-middle-income or low-income countries. Ten of the 15 initiatives provided sufficient data for quantitative analysis of impact (64,798 participants). We graded the quality of the evidence as very low due to the risk of bias of the included studies, as well as variation in the direction and size of effect across the studies. Five of these showed average daily salt intake per person from pre-intervention to post intervention, ranging from 1.15 grams/day less (Finland) to 0.35 grams or day more per person (Ireland). Two showed mean increase in salt intake (1.66) and Switzerland (0.80 grams per day more). The remaining initiatives did not show a statistically significant mean change. Seven of the 10 initiatives were multi-component and incorporated intervention activities of a structural nature (e.g. food product reformulation, food procurement policy in specific settings). Of those seven initiatives, four showed a reduction in average salt intake from pre to post (see above), and one showed an increase in average sodium intake (Switzerland; see above). Nine initiatives provided information on differential impact by sex (men and women separately). For women, three initiatives (Austria, China, Finland, France, United Kingdom) showed a decrease, three (Netherlands, Switzerland, United States) showed no significant change and one (Canada) showed an average increase in sodium intake. Information was insufficient to indicate whether a differential change in mean salt intake occurred by other axes of equity included in the PROGRESS framework. We identified no adverse effects of these initiatives. The number of initiatives was not large enough to permit other subgroup analyses, including stratification by intervention type, economic status of country and duration (or start year) of the intervention. Many studies had methodological strengths, including large, nationally representative samples of the population and rigorous
We found seven randomised controlled trials on treatments for sleep bruxism. All studies had a small number of participants, ranging from seven to 16 people per study and had a cross-over design. Three studies were of low risk of bias, while four were of uncertain risk. Amitriptyline, bromocriptine, clonidine, propranolol and levodopa were compared with placebo. These drugs were compared to placebo in a total of seven studies. The results were imprecise and consistent with benefit, no difference or harm. These were the specific findings for each of the drugs according to specific outcomes: 1. amitriptylines versus placebo for masseteric electromyography (EMG) activity per minute: standardized mean difference (SMD) -0.28 (95% confidence interval (CI) -1.91 to 0.34; P value = 0.37), 2. bromOCriptine versus placebo (MD) -2.60 (95%) (MD -293 to 4.13), bruxisms episodes per hour: mean difference -2% (CI -3.47 to 49.47) or number of episodes with a grinding noise: MD 2.40 (95%, CI -24.00 to 28.80), 3. clonsidine versus placebo: MD 1.41 (94% CI -4.84 to 1.02), 4. levodoprone versus placebo; MD -6.47 (95 % confidence interval -3% to 3.64) (MD 1.89 to 4), 5. L-tryptophan versus placebo and MD 0.08 (95/CI -0,90 to 1). We combined several secondary outcomes (sleep duration and pain intensity per minute) in a meta-analysis for comparison of amitripyline with placebo, but the results for most comparisons were uncertain because of statistical imprecision.
We identified 10 randomized controlled trials with 1015 participants. All studies compared an enteral formula or additional supplements of omega-3 fatty acids and/or antioxidants (i.e. eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoside (DHA), gamma-linolenic acid, and antioxidants) with placebo or no intervention. The studies were heterogenous in nature and varied in several ways, including type and duration of interventions given, calorific targets, and reported outcomes. We assessed some of the included studies as having high risk of bias due to methodological shortcomings. For the primary outcome, study authors reported no differences in all-cause mortality (longest period reported) with the use of an immunonutrition (a formula containing fatty acids or antioxidants) versus placebo. For secondary outcomes, we are uncertain whether immunonutraction with omega-based fatty acids reduces ICU length of stay and ventilator days. We are also uncertain whether omega-derived fatty acids improve oxygenation, defined as ratio of partial pressure of arterial oxygen (PaO₂) to fraction of inspired oxygen (FiO), at day 4, or whether they increase adverse events such as cardiac events, gastrointestinal events, or total adverse events. The quality of the evidence was very low due to the very low number of studies and participants, and the small number of participants in each study. The evidence is up to date as of August 2018.
We found 33 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared different methods of eliciting AEs. The studies were conducted in a variety of countries, with different designs, populations, and methods of questioning. We found that more specific questioning of participants led to more AEs being detected compared to a more general enquiry. However, two studies showed that quite severe or debilitating AEs were only detected by an interview, while other studies did not find a difference in the nature of AEs between elicitation methods. No conclusions could be made regarding the impact of question method on the ability to detect a statistically significant difference between study groups. There was no common statistical rubric, but we were able to represent some effect measures as a risk ratio of the proportion of participants with at least one AE. This showed a lower level of reporting for open questions (O) compared to checklists (CL), with a range for the risk ratios of 0.12 to 0.64. This review supports concerns that methods to elicit participant-reported AEs influence the detection of these data. There may be a risk for under-detection of these AEs in studies using a general elicitation method compared to those using a comprehensive method. These AEs may be important from a clinical perspective or for patients, but the impact on the type of AE detected by different methods is unclear. The wide variety and low quality of methods to compare elicitation strategies limited this review. Future studies would be improved by using and reporting clear definitions and terminology for AEs (and other important variables), frequency and time period over which they were ascertained, how they were graded, assessed for a relationship to the study drug, coded, and tabulated/reported. While the many potential AE endpoints in a trial may preclude the development of general AE patient-reported outcome measurement instruments, much could also be learnt from how these employ both quantitative and qualitative
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly allocated to one of two or more treatment groups) that investigated the effects of nocturnal supervision for people with epilepsy. We found 15 studies. Eight studies did not assess interventions to prevent SUDEP; five studies measured sensitivity of devices to detect GTCS but did not directly measure SUDEP. Two studies assessed risk factors for SUDEP but not interventions for preventing SUDEP, and one study is awaiting classification. We included one case-control study at serious risk of bias within a qualitative analysis in this review. This study of 154 cases of SUDEP and 616 controls ascertained a protective effect for the presence of a supervising person in the bedroom and when special precautions, for example a listening device, were used. This effect was independent of seizure control. Non-SUDEP deaths; changes to anxiety, depression, and quality of life; and number of hospital attendances were not reported. The quality of the evidence was very low. Further research is required to identify the effectiveness of other current interventions, such as seizure detection devices, safety pillows, SSRIs, early surgical evaluation, educational programmes, and opiate and adenosine antagonists, in preventingSUDEP in people who have epilepsy.
This review included seven studies with a total of 208 people with cystic fibrosis aged between seven and 63 years with a wide range of disease severity. Six studies enrolled participants who were clinically stable, whilst participants in one study had been hospitalised with an infective exacerbation. All studies compared autogenic drainage to one (or more) other recognised airway clearance technique. One study was of parallel design with the remaining six being cross-over in design; participant numbers ranged from 17 to 75. The total study duration varied between four days and two years. The quality of the evidence was generally low or very low. The main reasons for downgrading the level of evidence were the frequent use of a cross over design, outcome reporting bias and the inability to blind participants. The review's primary outcome, forced expiratory volume in one second, was the most common outcome measured and was reported by all seven studies; only three studies reported on quality of life (also a primary outcome of the review). One study reported on adverse events and described a decrease in oxygen saturation levels whilst performing active cycle of breathing techniques, but not with autogenic ventilation. Six of the seven included studies measured forced vital capacity and three of the studies used mid peak flow (per cent predicted). Six studies reported sputum weight. Less commonly used outcomes included oxygen saturation, personal preference, hospital admissions or intravenous antibiotics. There were no statistically significant differences found between any of the techniques used with respect to the outcomes measured except when autogenic drain was described as being the preferred technique of the participants in a study over postural drainage and percussion. The studies recruited a range of participants and were not powered to assess non-inferiority. The varied length and design of studies made the analysis of pooled data challenging. Larger studies are needed to better evaluate the effectiveness of this treatment.
This review found that psychological therapies based on CBT principles are effective in reducing anxiety, worry and depression symptoms for short-term treatment of GAD. The body of evidence comparing CBT with other psychological therapies is small and heterogeneous, which precludes drawing conclusions about which psychological therapy is more effective. Further studies examining non-CBT models are required to inform health care policy on the most appropriate forms of psychological therapy in treating GAD, and to inform GAD care.
The review of trials found that giving progestogen to women with unexplained recurrent miscarriages may reduce the number of miscarriages in subsequent pregnancies. However, the quality of the evidence was moderate to very low because of the small number of trials and small sample sizes. There may be little or no difference in the rate of low birthweight and trials did not report on the secondary child outcomes of teratogenic effects or admission to a special care unit. No clear differences were seen for women receiving progestogens for the other secondary outcomes including neonatal death, fetal genital abnormalities or stillbirth. None of the trials reported on any secondary maternal outcomes, including severity of morning sickness, thromboembolic events, depression, admission to special care units, or subsequent fertility. The majority of trials were at low risk of bias for most domains.
We included 14 studies with a total of 1298 participants. Nine studies (704 participants) compared CM versus control, and five studies (594 participants) examined MIB versus control. We did not find any studies that assessed other types of psychosocial interventions. For the most part, it was unclear if included studies adequately controlled for biases within their studies as such information was not often reported. We assessed risk of bias in the included studies relating to participant selection, allocation concealment, personnel and outcome assessor blinding, and attrition. The included trials rarely captured maternal and neonatal outcomes. For studies that did measure such outcomes, no difference was observed in pre-term birth rates, maternal toxicity at delivery, or low birth weight. However, the results did show that neonates remained in hospital for fewer days after delivery in CM intervention groups compared to control groups. There were no differences observed at the end of studies in retention or abstinence (as assessed by positive drug test at the start of treatment) in any group compared to the control. Overall, the quality of the evidence was low to moderate. The present evidence suggests that there is no difference in treatment outcomes to address drug use in pregnant women with use of psychological interventions, when taken in the presence of other comprehensive care options. The results held for both CM and MIB combined. It is important to develop a better evidence base to evaluate psychological interventions in this important population.
We identified 31 studies (44 reports) including 27,071 participants and two ongoing studies. The risk of bias in the studies was low or unclear for several domains. Compared to the transfemoral approach, the transradial approach reduced short-term net adverse clinical events (NACE) (i.e. assessed during hospitalisation and up to 30 days of follow-up) (4 studies; moderate quality evidence), cardiac death (11 studies, 11,170 participants), and myocardial infarction (high quality evidence). Short-term heart attack (19,430 participants) was similar between the two groups (12 studies; high quality evidence) but was associated with a lower risk of all-cause mortality (10 studies, 18,955 participants), bleeding, and access site complications (24 studies, 16,112 participants). Transradial approaches for diagnostic CA or PCI (or both) in CAD may reduce the short term NACE, cardiac death, all cause mortality, bleeding, or access site complication. However, there is insufficient evidence regarding the long-term clinical outcomes.
We found two studies of palliative care interventions for people with advanced dementia. We did not pool data due to the heterogeneity between the two trials in terms of the interventions and the settings. The two studies measured 31 different outcomes, yet they did not measure the same outcome. Both studies were at high risk of bias, in part because participants were aware of the intervention they were receiving. This and small sample sizes meant that the overall certainty of all the evidence was very low. One individually randomised trial (99 participants) evaluated the effect of a team of carers (carers who represent the decision-makers of a family or surrogate decision-maker) for people who had been hospitalised for an acute illness. While this trial reported that a palliate care plan was more likely to be developed for participants in the intervention group, the plan was only adopted for two participants, both in the group and the control group, while in hospital. The palliation plan was available on discharge from hospital. We found no evidence that the intervention affected mortality in hospital, decisions to forgo cardiopulmonary resuscitation in hospital or the clinical care provided during hospital admission, but for the latter, event rates were low and the results were associated with a lot of uncertainty. One cluster trial (256 participants, each enrolled with a family carer) evaluated a decision aid on end-of-life feeding options for nursing home residents with dementia. Data for 90 participants (35% of the original study) met the definition of advanced dementia for this review and were re-analysed for the purposes of the review. In this subset, intervention surrogates had lower scores for decisional conflict measured on the Decisional Conflict Scale and were more likely than participants in a control group to discuss feeding options with a clinician, but imprecision meant that there was significant uncertainty about both results. There were only two included studies in this review, with variation in interventions and in the settings that made
This review of three well-conducted randomised trials suggests that different methods of sequencing CT and RT do not appear to have a major effect on recurrence or survival for women with breast cancer if RT is commenced within seven months after surgery. On the basis of one trial (244 women), RT before CT was associated with an increased risk of neutropenic sepsis compared with CT before RT, but other measures of toxicity did not differ.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving a total of 622 participants. The RCTs were conducted in the community setting, with interventions mainly delivered by health professionals, and had a short- to medium-term follow up (up to 24 weeks). Three trials compared CrP plus resistance or weight training with placebo (a pretend treatment), and the other three trials compared crP alone versus placebo. We focused this review on investigating which dose of CrP would prove most effective versus placebo and therefore assessed the results according to CrP dose. However, in order to find out if CrP works in general, we also analysed the effect of all pooled CrP doses versus placebo on body weight only. We found no firm evidence and no dose gradient could be established when comparing different doses with placebo for various weight loss measures (body weight, body mass index, percentage body fat composition, change in waist circumference). Only three studies provided information on adverse events (low-quality evidence). There were two serious adverse events and study dropouts in participants taking 1000 µg CrP, and one serious adverse event in an individual taking 400 µg. Two participants receiving placebo discontinued due to adverse events; one event was reported as serious. No study reported on all-cause mortality, morbidity, health-related quality of life or socioeconomic effects. The overall quality of the evidence was low or very low. The evidence is up-to-date as of February 2016.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials (RCTs) on the effectiveness of any antiseptic/antibiotic/anti-bacterial treatment for wound healing in people with SWHSI. Eleven studies with a total of 886 participants were included in the review. These evaluated a range of comparisons in a variety of surgical wounds healing by secondary intention. In general studies were small and some did not present data or analyses that could be easily interpreted or related to clinical outcomes. These factors reduced the quality of the evidence. One study compared a zinc oxide mesh dressing with a plain mesh dressing and found no clear evidence of a difference in time to wound healing between groups. There was some evidence that there was a reduction in the time to healing of open wounds following haemorrhoidectomy when treated with Triclosan post-operatively compared with a standard sodium hypochlorite solution (mean difference -1.70 days, 95% confidence interval (CI) -3.41 to 0.01). There was moderate quality evidence that more open wounds resulting from excision of pyomyositis abscesses healed with a honey-soaked gauze over three weeks' follow-up (RR: 1.58; 95% CI 1.03 to 2.42). Evidence was taken from one small study that only had 43 participants. More Dermacym®-treated post-operative foot wounds healed compared to those treated with iodine. Again, this evidence came from a small study with 40 participants. There is no robust evidence on the relative effectiveness of the different antiseptics evaluated to date for use on wound healing. Where some evidence for possible treatment effects was reported, it stemmed from single studies with small participant numbers and was classed as moderate or low quality evidence. This means it is likely or very likely that further research will have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect, and may change this estimate.
We included five randomised studies with total of 1049 women evaluating five different technique modifications during either amniocentesis (three studies) or CVS (two studies). There was no conclusive evidence of benefit for any of them. The same applies for terbutaline tocolysis and use of continuous vacuum aspiration during CVS. Overall, the quality of evidence summarised in this review is not of sufficient quality to change current clinical practice. In the absence of clear evidence, the operators should continue to use methods and technique modifications with which they are most familiar with. Any randomised trials of technique modifications that are performed to high standard with adequate safety outcomes and power to detect important clinical differences would be clearly welcome.
We included 10 studies: four provided data for quantitative analyses (437 participants); five studies were randomised controlled trials (1182 participants); three studies were non-randomised studies (1181 participants, 8037 live births); and two studies were interrupted time series (ITS) studies (1 study population of 2,242,438, 1 study unreported). Six studies were conducted in upper-middle-income countries (China, Mexico, South Africa), one study was conducted in a lower-income country (Bangladesh), and three studies in Canada. Seven studies examined wheat flour fortified with folic acid alone or with other micronutrients. Three studies included maize flour fortified alone or in combination with other nutrients. The duration of interventions ranged from two weeks to 36 months, and the ITS studies included postfortification periods of up to seven years. Most studies had unclear risk of bias for randomisation, blinding, and reporting, and low/unclear risk for attrition and contamination. The certainty of the evidence ranged from very low to low, depending on the type of study. The evidence is up to date as of April 2015. In one non-RCT, wheat flour fortified with foli-acid and other nutrients was associated with significantly lower occurrence of total neural tube defects, spina bifida, and encephalocoele, but not anencephaly, compared to unfortified flour. In two non-rCTs, serum foliate concentrations were significantly higher among women who consumed flourfortified maize porridge and plasma folate. Haemoglobin or anaemia were no significant effects of fortified wheat flour flatbread on haemoglobin concentrations compared to no intervention. Women of reproductive age consuming maize flour fortification did not have higher erythrocyte folate or plasma folicate concentrations or higher plasma folate concentrations. The overall certainty of evidence was very low for the following outcomes: 1. Neural tube defects:
We identified six trials. Two trials involving 1,124,483 neonates (210 with CF) with a maximum follow up of 17 years were eligible for inclusion. Two randomised controlled trials assessing neonatal screening in CF were identified; data from one study were included. Severe malnutrition was less common among screened participants. At age seven, 88% of screened participants and 75% of controls had lung function parameters within normal limits of at least 89% predicted. At diagnosis chest radiograph scores were better in screened participants, but over time, chest X-ray scores were worse in the screened group. Results were no longer significant after adjustment for genotype, pancreatic status, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa-culture results. In screened participants colonisation occurred earlier. Screening seems less expensive than traditional diagnosis. Estimates suggest diagnosis through screening is less expensive. Nutritional benefits are apparent.
We found five randomized controlled trials, recruiting a total of 7314 participants and with a mean follow-up of 4.5 years. Only one trial (ACCORD) compared outcomes associated with 'lower' (< 120 mmHg) or'standard' (< 140 mmHG) systolic blood pressure targets in 4734 participants. Despite achieving a significantly lower blood pressure target, and using more antihypertensive medications, the only significant benefit was a reduction in the incidence of stroke. There was no difference in stroke, myocardial infarction or congestive heart failure in the group assigned to the lower target, mainly due to a trend to lower non-cardiovascular mortality. There was a trend towards reduction in total mortality in the people assigned to lower DBP target (RR 0.73, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.53 to 1.01), mainly because there was a lower risk of death from any cause. Trying to achieve the 'lower target was associated with a significant increase in the number of other serious adverse events. End-stage renal failure and total serious side effects were not reported in any of the trials. A sensitivity analysis of trials comparing DBP targets < 80 mmHGs (as suggested in clinical guidelines) versus < 90 mmHgs showed similar results. The overall quality of the evidence was low, mainly because of the small number of participants in the trials and the high risk of selection bias.
This review found that non-removable, pressure-relieving casts are more effective in healing plantar foot ulcers than removable casts, or dressings alone. Other comparisons included surgical debridement of ulcers; felt fitted to the foot; felted foam dressings and none of these showed a statistically significant treatment effect in favour of the intervention.
We found five randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that met the inclusion criteria for the review. Two trials of computer-assisted cognitive training interventions (n = 100) and two trials of compensatory strategy training interventions, one of meditation interventions and one of physical activity intervention were identified. Each study focused on breast cancer survivors. All five studies were rated as having a high risk of bias. Data for our primary outcome of interest, cognitive function, were not amenable to being pooled statistically. Cognitive training demonstrated beneficial effects on objectively assessed cognitive function (including processing speed, executive functions, cognitive flexibility, language, delayed- and immediate- memory, self-reported cognitive function and spiritual quality of life), subjectively reported cognitive function or mental well-being, and on cognitive function two months after the intervention. The meta-analyses of two RCTs (95 participants) did not show a beneficial effect from cognitive training immediately or two months post-intervention. Compensatory strategy-based cognitive training demonstrated improvements on delayed-, immediate- and verbal-memory and self-report cognitive function. However, the evidence was of low quality and, therefore, findings should be interpreted with caution. Evidence for physical activity and meditation interventions on cognitive outcomes is unclear. Overall, the, albeit low-quality evidence may be interpreted to suggest that non-pharmacological interventions may have the potential to reduce the risk of, or ameliorate, cognitive impairment following systemic cancer treatment. Larger, multi-site studies including an appropriate, active attentional control group, as well as consideration of functional outcomes (e.g. activities of daily living) are required in order to come to firmer conclusions about the benefits or otherwise of this intervention approach. There is also a need to conduct research into cognitive impairment among cancer patient groups other than women with breast cancer.
We found five trials, all from the 1970s, randomising 343 participants. We excluded one trial. The results of this review show chlorpromazine and piperacetazine may have similar clinical efficacy, but data are based on very small numbers of participants and the evidence is of very low quality. The overall methodology and data reporting by the trials was poor. Only short-term data were available. Results from the included trials found that, in terms of global state improvement, when rated by a psychiatrist, there was no clear difference between chlorpromamide and p Piperacetazine. One trial reported change scores on the mental state scale Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS). No clear difference was observed (MD -0.40, 95% CI -1.41 to 0.61; participants = 182; studies = 1; very low-quality evidence). Chlorpromazine appears no worse or better than piper acetazine regarding adverse effects. In both treatment groups, around 60% of participants experienced some sort of adverse effect, with approximately 40% of these participants experiencing some parkinsonism-type movement disorder (a movement disorder in which movement disorders occur in people with Parkinson's disease, such as tardive dyskinesia). No difference in numbers of people leaving the study early for any reason was observed. No trial reported data for change in negative symptoms or economic costs. We can not make firm conclusions based on such data. Currently, should clinicians and people with schizophrenia need to choose between piperazine and a similar medication (chlorpromazine) they should be aware there is no good quality evidence to base decisions. More high quality research is needed.
This review found five randomised trials with a total of 207 participants, 102 to colorectal stent and 105 to emergency surgery. There was no statistically significant difference in the 30-day mortality between the two groups. The average time of clinical relief of obstruction was 0.66 day in the colonic stent group and was 3.55 days in the emergency surgery group. The stent insertion was successful in 86.02% of attempted stent placements. The 30 day mortality rate was similar, 2.3% in both groups and the stent related perforation rate was 5.88%. There were no significant differences in the complication rate between the groups. However, there was a higher clinical success rate in the group of emergency surgery patients. The mean time of hospital stay was 11.53 days and the mean procedure/operating time was 17.15 days in both the emergency and colonic surgery groups. Both groups had similar rates of stent-related perforations, migration and obstruction. The complication rate was 39.22% in the colic group and 45.71% of the emergency group. There is no difference in overall complication rate. The median blood loss was 50 ml in the stool-inserted group and 350 ml in each group.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) (1867 women) comparing human albumin, HES or mannitol versus placebo or no treatment for the prevention of OHSS. The evidence was of very low to moderate quality for all comparisons. The main limitations were imprecision, poor reporting of study methods, and failure to blind outcome assessment. There was evidence of a beneficial effect of intravenous albumin on OHSS, though heterogeneity was substantial. This suggests that if the rate of moderate or severe OHSS with no treatment is 12%, it will be about 9% (6% to12%) with the use of albumin. However, there was some evidence that there was a detrimental effect on pregnancy rates (seven studies 1069 high risk women, moderate quality evidence). If the chance of pregnancy is 40% without treatment, it would be about 32% (27% to 38%) without treatment. There were no data on live birth rates in any of the studies. Adverse events appeared to be uncommon, but were too poorly reported to reach any firm conclusions. Evidence suggests that the plasma expanders assessed in this review (human albumin or HES) reduce rates of moderate and severe OHS in women at high risk. However the evidence of effectiveness was based on very few trials which need to be confirmed in additional, larger trials before they should be considered for routine use in clinical practice.
This review identified 10 studies involving 484 patients. There was no evidence suggesting superior efficacy of any one sclerosant over another, but there was some evidence of superiority of sclerotherapy to placebo. The evidence did not suggest an increase in patient satisfaction with any one agent versus another. However, the amount of available evidence in this field is small and the overall methodological quality of the research was poor, as was the quality of reporting. More research is needed to determine the optimal agent(s) and the ideal dosing to achieve the best results and maximize patient satisfaction. Future research efforts should incorporate more demographic data and symptom measures to allow for comparison with findings from observational studies, thereby aiding assessment of how various risk groups respond to treatment.
We included seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 241 participants in this review. The evidence is current to August 2015. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, South Korea, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. Most of the studies were of poor methodological quality. No study evaluated the efficacy of pharmacological interventions for preventing clinically relevant outcomes such as mortality and cardiac arrhythmias; however there is evidence that several commonly used therapies effectively reduce serum potassium levels. Salbutamol administered via either nebulizer or metered-dose inhaler (MDI) significantly reduced serum potassium compared with placebo. The peak effect of 10 mg nebulised salbutamic acid was seen at 120 minutes and at 90 minutes. One study reported 1.2 mg salbutamyol via MDI 1.5 mg produced a significant decrease in serum potassium beginning at 10 minutes and a maximal decrease at 60 minutes. Intravenous (IV) and nebulized salbutamole produced comparable effects (2 studies). When compared to other interventions, insulin-dextrose had similar effect to bicarbonate but was more effective than bicaarbonate (1 study) and aminophylline (one study). The effectiveness of potassium binding resins and IV calcium salts has not been tested in RCTs and requires further study before firm recommendations for clinical practice can be made. None of the included studies evaluated the effect of IV calcium or potassium-binding resins in the treatment of hyperkalaemia. Evidence for the acute pharmacological management of high blood potassium levels is limited, with no clinical studies demonstrating a reduction in adverse patient outcomes.
We included 39 studies, enrolling 4216 participants, in this review. Thirty-nine studies, involving 3392 participants, contained enough data to be included in the review. Studies compared antimicrobial lock solutions (antibiotics and non-antibiotic) to standard sealing solutions (usually heparin) of the CVC for HD. Fifteen studies used antibiotic lock solutions, 21 used non- antimicrobial antimicrobial locked solutions, and 4 used both types of lock solutions. Studies reported the incidence of CRI, catheter thrombosis, or both. Antibiotic lock solutions probably reduce CRI per 1000 catheter-days (27 studies: low certainty evidence), however the effect on the risk of developing a blood clot is uncertain (14 studies: high certainty evidence). The combination of antibiotic and the combination of both lock solutions showed that both probably reduced CRI and risk of blood clots per 1000 CVC days compared to the control group (13 studies: 47% certainty evidence, 13 studies: 0.30, 95% confidence interval (range) 0.22 to 0.42; I2 = 47%) and 4 studies: 4% certainty (range 0.26 to 1.81) respectively. The effect on CRI for tunnelled CVC was uncertain (4 studies: 3% certainty, range 0.63 to 1). The combined effect of both the antibiotic (5 studies: 5% certainty) and the combined (5% certainty of evidence) of both antimicrobial and control lock solutions made little or no difference to CRI compared to control (3% certainty). The overall quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. Therefore, better-designed studies are needed to confirm the efficacy and safety of antimicrobial locking solutions.
We identified 15 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly allocated to one or more treatment groups) that compared pre-emptive therapy with placebo or standard care (where no treatment was given) to prevent CMV disease in people receiving solid organ transplants. We found 15 eligible studies (1098 participants). Of these, six investigated pre-eternal treatment versus placebo or treatment of CMV when disease occurred (standard care), eight looked at pre-estimate treatment versus antiviral prophylaxis (where antiviral drugs are given to prevent infection), and one reported on oral versus intravenous pre-start treatment. The evidence is current to September 2015. Pre-eteral therapy is effective compared with placebo (where there is no treatment) or standard treatment in preventing CMV-related disease in solid organ transplant recipients. There were no significant differences in the risks of all-cause mortality, graft loss, acute rejection and infections other than CMV. Leucopenia (inflammation of the mucosa) was significantly less common with pre-etseral therapy compared with antiviral therapy. Other adverse effects did not differ significantly or were not reported. The quality of the included studies was considered to be moderate to high. All studies were considered to have a low risk of bias. Only one study reported adequate blinding of participants and personnel; no study reported blinding of outcome assessment. We assessed the quality of evidence as low or very low for all outcomes. This means that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the results.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that investigated the effects of sweet potato preparations on glycaemic control in people with type 2 diabetes mellitus. All three studies were performed by the same trialist. Overall, the risk of bias of these trials was unclear or high. There was a statistically significant improvement in glycosylated haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) at three to five months with 4 g/day sweet potato preparation compared to placebo (mean difference -0.3%). No serious adverse effects were reported. Diabetic complications and morbidity, death from any cause, health-related quality of life, well-being, functional outcomes and costs were not investigated. There is not enough evidence to recommend the use of sweet potatoes for the treatment of diabetic complications or morbidity. In addition to improvement in trial methodology, issues of standardization and quality control of preparations need to be addressed. Further observational trials and RCTs are needed to guide any recommendations in clinical practice.
We found 19 studies that compared the active cycle of breathing technique with autogenic drainage, airway oscillating devices, high frequency chest compression devices, conventional chest physiotherapy, and positive expiratory pressure. The age of the participants ranged from six to 63 years (mean age 22.33 years). In 13 studies, follow up lasted a single day. However, there were two long-term randomised controlled studies with follow up of one to three years. Most of the studies did not report on key quality items, and therefore, have an unclear risk of bias in terms of random sequence generation, allocation concealment, and outcome assessor blinding. Due to the nature of the intervention, none of the included studies blinded participants or the personnel applying the interventions. Most studies reported on all planned outcomes, had adequate follow up, assessed compliance, and used an intention-to-treat analysis. Five studies, with data from eight different comparators, found that the activity of the breathing technique was comparable with other therapies in outcomes such as participant preference, quality of life, exercise tolerance, lung function, sputum weight, oxygen saturation, and number of pulmonary exacerbations. All other outcomes were either not measured or had insufficient data for analysis. There is insufficient evidence to support or reject the use of the Active Cycle of Breathing technique over any other airway clearance therapy. Longer-term studies are needed to more adequately assess the effects of the activity on outcomes important for people with cystic fibrosis.
This review has provided evidence that brief co-incubation of sperm and oocytes may improve the ongoing pregnancy and clinical pregnancy rates for infertile women undergoing IVF cycles. The evidence is up to date as of September 2014. Eight randomised controlled trials with 733 women in total were included in this review. The low quality evidence showed an increased ongoing pregnancy rate compared to the standard insemination protocol (pooled odds ratio (OR) 2.42, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.55 to 3.77; P < 0.0001, I2 = 0%). Measuring clinical pregnancy rate, there were 93 clinical pregnancies in three trials including 372 women. This evidence suggests a higher clinical pregnancy and ongoing pregnancy rates with the use of brief-co-insemination. There were six miscarriages in one trial including 167 women. The overall quality of the evidence was low. This means that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect.
This review of five studies, recruiting a total of 694 infants, found that a long IT was associated with a significant increase in air leak and death before hospital discharge. There was no significant difference in the incidence of BPD. Caution should be exercised in applying these results to modern neonatal intensive care, because the studies included in this review were conducted prior to the introduction of antenatal steroids, post natal surfactant and the use of synchronised modes of ventilatory support. Most of the participants had single pathology (HMD) and no studies examined the effects of IT on newborns ventilated for other reasons such as meconium aspiration and congenital heart disease (lungs with normal compliance). However, the increased rates of air leaks and deaths using long ITs are clinically important; thus, infants with poorly compliant lungs should be ventilated with a short IT. Long IT is associated with an increased risk of death before discharge from hospital.
We included 33 studies involving 5110 patients in this review. The TFU has been applied in many patient groups. There is a large variety in the ways the TFU was performed (the health professionals who undertook the TFu, the frequency, structure, duration, etc.). Many different outcomes have been measured, but only a few were measured across more than one study. Effects are not constant across studies, nor within patient groups, and quantitative pooling could only be performed for a few outcomes. Overall, there was inconclusive evidence about the effects of TFU. The low methodological quality of the included studies means that results must be considered with caution. No adverse effects were reported. Nevertheless, although some studies find that the intervention had favourable effects for some outcomes, overall the studies show clinically-equivalent results between TFU and control groups. In summary, we cannot conclude that TFU is an effective intervention.
We identified 38 trials that evaluated six broad types of strategies to improve retention. These were incentives, communication strategies, new questionnaire format, participant case management, behavioural and methodological interventions. For 34 of the included trials, retention was response to postal and electronic questionnaires with or without medical test kits. For four trials retention was the number of participants remaining in the trial. Included trials were conducted across a spectrum of disease areas, countries, healthcare and community settings. Strategies that improved trial retention were addition of monetary incentives compared with no incentive for return of trial-related postal questionnaires (RR 1.18; 95% CI 1.09 to 1.28, P value < 0.0001), addition of an offer of monetary incentive compared with a no-monetary incentive, and offer of a GBP20 voucher compared with GBP10 for the return of postal questionnaire and biomedical test kits (RR 0.05; 0.00001). The evidence that shorter questionnaires are better than longer questionnaires was unclear and the evidence for questionnaires relevant to the disease/condition was also unclear. Although each was based on the results of a single trial, recorded delivery of questionnaires seemed to be more effective than telephone reminders, and a 'package' of postal communication strategies with reminder letters appeared to be better than standard procedures. An open trial design also appeared more effective in one fracture prevention trial. There was no evidence that a telephone survey was either more or less effective than a monetary incentive and a questionnaire. As our analyses are based on single trials, the effect on questionnaire response of using offers of charity donations, sending reminders to trial sites and when a questionnaire is sent, may need further evaluation. Most of the retention trials that we identified evaluated questionnaire response. There were few evaluations of ways to improve participants returning to the trial sites for trial follow-up. Some other strategies evaluated in single trials looked promising but need more evaluation. Application of the findings of this review would depend on trial setting
We included eight randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 829 participants (416 and 413 participants in the pLMA and cLMA groups, respectively). We identified six cross-over studies that are awaiting classification; one is completed but has not been published, and data related to the first treatment period for the other five studies were not yet available. Seven included studies provided data related only to the primary outcome, and eight studies provided information related to more than one secondary outcome. We are uncertain about the effects of either of the airway devices in terms of failure of oxygenation or ventilation because there were very few events. Data show no important differences between devices with regard to failure to insert the device, use of an alternate device, mucosal injury, sore throat, bronchospasm, gastric insufflation, regurgitation, coughing, and excessive leak. The quality of evidence for all outcomes, as assessed by GRADE score, is low mainly owing to issues related to blinding and imprecision.
We included 19 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 1453 participants. Fifteen of these studies were not included in the previous review. Fourteen trials recruited children with a diagnosis under the broad umbrella of RAP or functional gastrointestinal disorders; five trials specifically recruited only children with irritable bowel syndrome. Participants were aged between four and 18 years from eight different countries and were recruited largely from paediatric gastroenterology clinics. The mean age at recruitment ranged from 6.3 years to 13.1 years. Girls outnumbered boys in most trials. The evidence is current to September 2016. The studies were divided into four categories: trials of probiotic-based interventions (13 studies), trials of fibre-based treatments (four studies), and trials of fructose-restricted diets (one study). We found that children treated with probiotics reported a greater reduction in pain frequency at zero to three months postintervention than those given placebo. There was also a decrease in pain intensity in the intervention group at the same time point. However, we judged the evidence for these outcomes to be of low quality due to an unclear risk of bias, imprecision, and significant heterogeneity. The estimated number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) was eight, meaning that eight children would need to receive probiotics for one to experience improvement in pain in this timescale. With the exception of one study, all studies reported monitoring children for adverse events; no major adverse events were reported. Overall, we found moderate- to low-quality evidence suggesting that probiotics may be effective in improving pain in children with RAP. Clinicians may therefore consider probiotic interventions as part of a holistic management approach to RAP as well as to explore the longer-term effectiveness of dietary interventions and dosage. Future studies should explore the benefits of probiotics in the management of children with rheumatoid arthritis. Future trials should
We included 22 studies involving 4490 participants. All were randomised trials (3 were cluster RCTs), and 19 of the 22 studies had analysable outcome data. Seventeen of the studies had student populations. Most studies were at unclear or high risk of bias for all forms of bias except detection bias. Findings from the five trials with discrimination outcomes (n = 1196) were mixed, with effects showing a reduction, increase or consistent with no evidence of effect. The median standardised mean difference (SMD) for the three trials with continuous outcomes was 0.25, with SMDs ranging from -0.85 (95% confidence interval (CI) -1.39 to 0.31) to - 0.17 (CI). The median SMD for the two studies with dichotomous discrimination outcomes showed no effect, and the 19 trials with prejudice outcomes had median SMDs favouring the intervention, at the three following time periods (immediate, 1 week to 2 months and 6 to 9 months). SMDs for prejudice outcomes across all studies ranged from 2.94 (CI -3.52 to -2.37) to 2.40 (CI 0.62 to 4.18). The average SMDs indicate that mass media interventions may have a small to medium effect in decreasing prejudice, and are equivalent to reducing the level of prejudice from that associated with schizophrenia to the level associated with major depression. The studies were very heterogeneous, statistically, in their populations, interventions and outcomes, and only two meta-analyses within two subgroups were warranted. Data on secondary outcomes were sparse. Cost data were provided on request for three studies, and did not address cost-effectiveness. Two studies (involving 455 participants) contained statements about adverse effects and neither reported finding any. Very little is known about costs, adverse effects or other outcomes. The findings are limited by the quality of the evidence, which was low for the primary outcomes for discrimination
We included 85 studies in our review. Forty-six studies explored the views and experiences of healthy pregnant or postnatal women, 17 studies explored their views, and 22 studies incorporated the views of both women and healthcare providers. The studies took place in 41 countries, including eight high-income countries, 18 middle- and low-income country, in rural, urban and semi-urban locations. We found 52 findings in total and organised these into three thematic domains: socio-cultural context (11 findings, five moderate- or high-confidence); service design and provision (24 findings, 15 moderate- and high-quality); and what matters to women and staff (17 findings, 11 moderate-or-high-confidence). The third domain was sub-divided into two conceptual areas; personalised supportive care, and information and safety. We also developed two lines of argument, using high- or moderate-confidence findings: for women, initial or continued use of ANC depends on a perception that doing so will be a positive experience. This is a result of the provision of good-quality local services that are not dependent on the payment of informal fees and that include continuity of care that is authentically personalised, kind, caring, supportive, culturally sensitive, flexible, and respectful of women’s need for privacy, and that allow staff to take the time needed to provide relevant support, information and clinical safety for the woman and the baby, as and when they need it. For women, their perceptions of the value of ANC depend on their general beliefs about pregnancy as a healthy or a risky state, and on their reaction to being pregnant, as well as on local social and cultural norms relating to the advantages or otherwise of antenatal care for healthy pregnancies, and for those with complications. Whether they continue to use ANC or not depends on their experience of the way it was designed and provided when they access it for the first time. The capacity of healthcare providers to deliver the
The review of trials found that oral nimodipine reduces the risk of poor outcome and secondary ischaemia after aneurysmal SAH. The results for 'poor outcome' depend largely on a single large trial of oral calcium antagonists; the evidence for other calcium antagonists is inconclusive. Intravenous administration of calcium antagonists cannot be recommended for routine practice on the basis of the present evidence. Magnesium sulphate is a promising agent but more evidence is needed before definite conclusions can be drawn.
We identified three randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) including 739 children with high-risk neuroblastoma. The age of the children ranged from one year to 18 months. They all used an age of one year as the cut-off point for pre-treatment risk stratification. There was a significant statistical difference in event-free survival in favour of myeloablative therapy over conventional chemotherapy or no further treatment (three studies, 739 patients; HR 0.78, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.67 to 0.90). However, when additional follow-up data were included in the analyses, the difference in overall survival was no longer statistically significant (two studies, 360 patients; CI 0.86, 95%, confidence interval 0.73 to 1.01). The meta-analysis of secondary malignant disease and treatment-related death did not show any significant statistical differences between the treatment groups. Survival rates may be overestimated due to the inclusion of patients with intermediate-risk disease. Data from one study (379 patients) showed a significantly higher incidence of renal effects, interstitial pneumonitis and veno-occlusive disease (a type of lung disease) in the myeloablation group compared to conventional chemotherapy, whereas for serious infections and sepsis no significant difference was identified. No information on quality of life was reported. In the individual studies we evaluated different subgroups, but the results were not univocal in all studies. All studies had some methodological limitations. This systematic review only allows a conclusion on the concept of myeloblast therapy; no conclusions can be made regarding the best treatment strategy. It should be kept in mind that recently the age cut-offs for high risk disease have been changed from 18 months to just one year. As a result it is possible that patients with what is now classified as intermediate risk disease (stage of disease) have
We found eight randomised clinical trials (632 participants) comparing TACE followed by 3-DCRT with TACE alone. The mean age of participants ranged from 16 years to 78 years. The proportion of men ranged from 60% to 75% and the proportion of people with stage III primary hepatocellular carcinoma ranged from 22% to 85%. The average follow-up duration was 12 months (2 months to 38 months). The evidence is current to September 2016. We found that TACE plus 3-dCRT may be associated with lower all-cause mortality and increased tumour response, despite the increased toxicity expressed by a higher rise of total bilirubin. Data on serious adverse events and health-related quality of life are lacking. We are also very much uncertain in the results of the reported non-serious adverse events. None of the trials reported serious side effects. The results of this review should be considered with caution because of the methodological weaknesses in the included trials, resulting in low- to very low-certainty evidence. All eight trials were at high risk of bias, and we rated the evidence as low-to-very low certainty. High-quality trials are needed to assess further the role of TACE-based therapy in the treatment of unresectable liver cancer.
No randomised controlled trials were identified. However, two excluded trials provided some insights into the topic. One study showed that infants with CLD/BPD who were fed formula enriched with protein and minerals had improved growth parameters up until the cessation of the intervention at three months of corrected age. The other study compared different energy density of formula but identical energy intake by setting different feed volumes for both groups. It showed that both groups were unable to achieve the pre-designated feed volumes and that there were no differences in growth, respiratory outcomes, oedema and the diuretic requirements. To date, no randomised trials are available that examine the effects of increased versus standard energy intake for preterm infants with (or developing) chronic lung disease.
We included 13 studies enrolling 2341 participants (and involving 2360 procedures). The quality of evidence was very low (subclavian vein N = 3) or low for most outcomes, moderate for one outcome (femoral vein) and high at best for two outcomes. Most of the trials had unclear risk of bias across the six domains, and heterogeneity among the studies was significant. The results for Doppler ultrasound techniques versus anatomical landmark techniques are uncertain. We conclude that two-dimensional ultrasound offers small gains in safety and quality when compared with an anatomical landmark technique (arterial puncture, haematoma formation) or femoral vein (success on the first attempt) cannulation for central vein catheterization. Data on insertion by inexperienced or experienced users, or on patients at high risk for complications, are lacking.
Fifteen studies were included using four different methods of administration of physostigmine. Four studies, 29 people used intravenous infusion; seven, 131 people used a conventional oral form; four, 1456 people, used a controlled-release oral form, and one study of 181 people used verum skin patch. Intravenous infusion  There are no usable results from the intravenous infusions. Oral form  The few results from trials of the conventional oral version showed no benefit of the drug compared with placebo.   Controlled release  The results from two of the four studies of the controlled release form apply only to a group of patients identified as responders in a pre-randomization titration period. The best dose physostagmine was associated with improvement on the Alzheimer's disease activity scale (ADAS-Cog score) compared with a placebo at 6, 12 weeks. There were significantly higher numbers of patients from the physostgmine group withdrawing from the trial due to adverse events and suffering at least one event of nausea, vomiting, diarrhoea, anorexia, dizziness, stomach pain, flatulence or sweating. There was no difference between the higher dose (higher and lower dose) and placebo for numbers improved (CGIC) at 24 weeks. Verum patch  The double dose (delivering mean dose 12 mg/day) resulted in significantly more numbers of people suffering nausea and vomiting, nausea, or abdominal cramps, and the lower dose 5.7mg/day resulted in a significantly higher number suffering gastrointestinal complaints. The evidence of effectiveness of this drug for the symptomatic treatment of Alzheimer’s disease is limited. Even in a controlled release formulation designed to overcome the short half-life, the drug showed no convincing benefit and adverse effects remained common leading to a high rate of withdrawal.
We included 13 trials involving a total of 16,112 participants. Eleven trials recruited participants with a history of coronary heart disease, two trials recruited people with history of stroke, and one trial recruited a mix of people with CVD. We judged overall risk of bias to be moderate. Moderate evidence showed that fibrate drugs can be effective in the secondary prevention of composite outcome of non-fatal stroke, myocardial infarction, and vascular death. However, this beneficial effect relies on the inclusion of clofibrate data, a drug that was discontinued in 2002 due to its unacceptably large adverse effects. Further trials of the use of fibrates in populations with previous stroke and also against a background treatment with statins (standard of care) are required.
The review of trials found that TA (in addition to uterotonic medications) decreases postpartum blood loss and prevents PPH and blood transfusions following vaginal birth and CS in women at low risk of PPH based on studies of mixed quality. There is insufficient evidence to draw conclusions about serious side effects, but there is an increase in the incidence of minor side effects with the use of TA. Effects of TA on thromboembolic events and mortality as well as its use in high-risk women should be investigated further.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials (2494 participants: 1586 children and 908 elderly) comparing amantadine with placebo, paracetamol (one trial: 69 children) or zanamivir (two trials: 545 elderly) to treat influenza A in children and the elderly. The evidence is current to September 2014. The studies were conducted in China, India, Japan, South Korea and the United States of America. We found no studies assessing the effect of rimantadines in children or elderly. We did not find any studies assessing amantadenine in children. The quality of the evidence was low and the safety of the drug was not well established. The results of the studies do not indicate that amantenadine and rimantanadine compared to control (placebo or a pretend medicine) could be useful in preventing, treating and shortening the duration of influenza A. There was no evidence of adverse effects caused by treatment with amantdine or rimantenade.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 1512 women. Most of these studies included women with unexplained infertility. In seven studies the women were undergoing IUI and in two studies they were trying to conceive from sexual intercourse. Eight trials compared intentional endometrial injury with no injury/placebo procedure; of these two trials also compared the timing of the intervention in the cycle prior to IUI with the time of the IUI cycle. One trial compared higher vs. lower degree of endometrium injury. The evidence is current to August 2015. We are uncertain whether endometric injury improves live birth/ongoing pregnancy as the quality of the evidence has been assessed as very low. The quality of evidence was downgraded because of the risk of bias in the included studies and the small number of women included in the studies. When we restricted the analysis to only studies at low risk of biased the effect was imprecise and the evidence remained of very low quality. The average pain experienced by participants undergoing endometral injury was 6/10 on a zero-10 visual analogue scale (VAS). However, only one study reported this outcome. No studies reported bleeding secondary to the procedure. The pooled results should be interpreted with caution. The main reasons for this are that most included studies were at a high risk of systematic error and had an overall low level of precision. Further well-conducted RCTs that recruit large numbers of participants and minimise internal bias are required to confirm or refute these findings.
We found four randomised controlled trials (3905 participants) that compared professional oral care versus usual oral care in nursing homes. The evidence is current to September 2016. The studies all evaluated one comparison: professional oral services versus usual care. We did not pool the results from one study (N = 834 participants), which was stopped at interim analysis due to lack of a clear difference between groups. We were unable to determine whether professional oral service resulted in a lower incidence rate of pneumonia-associated mortality compared with usual oral service over an 18-month period. We also were unable or not to determine if professional oral treatment resulted in fewer first episodes of pneumonia compared with care given by nurses. We found low-quality evidence from two studies that professional oral therapy may reduce the risk of pneumonia due to pneumonia compared to usual oral treatment. We could not determine whether or not professional oral therapies reduce the number of deaths due to any cause compared to care by nurses, and we were uncertain whether or the number or number of first episodes or deaths due or pneumonia due only to pneumonia. Only one study measured adverse effects of the interventions. The study identified no serious events and 64 non-serious events, the most common of which were oral cavity disturbances (not defined) and dental staining. No studies evaluated oral care compared to no oral care. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. We judged the overall quality of evidence to be low or low for most outcomes. The main limitations of the studies were the small number of participants and the small numbers of participants in each study. Further trials are needed to determine which oral care measures are most effective for reducing nursing home-acquired pneumonia.
This review included five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 149 participants. These studies assessed bismuth subsalicylate versus placebo, budesonide versus placebo (fake medicine), mesalazine with or without cholestyramine and beclometasone dipropionate versus mesalamide. Budesonide (9 mg/day for 6 to 8 weeks) was found to be more effective than placebo for induction of clinical and histological response. This benefit needs to be confirmed by a large placebo -controlled trial. The study which compared budesonides versus placebo was judged as low quality due to a very small sample size and limited data. The other 3 studies were judged to be at low risk of bias due to lack of blinding of participants to the treatment they were receiving. There were no differences in clinical or histological responses in patients treated with budesonid compared with placebo (GRADE = very low). Forty-six patients were enrolled in the trial studying beclometrica dipropinate (5 mg daily or 10 mg daily) compared with mesalidine (2.4 g/day) for 8 weeks. There was no difference between the two groups in clinical response at 8 weeks and 12 months of treatment. No adverse events were reported in this study. Adverse events reported in the budesonidine studies include nausea, vomiting, neck pain, abdominal pain, hyperhidrosis and headache. Nausea and skin rash were reported as adverse events in the mesalamine study. No conclusions can be made regarding the use of budesonidis due to the very small number of patients in the study, Further trials studying interventions for lymphocytic colitis are warranted.
We included 12 randomised controlled trials with a total of 3259 participants in this review. Intervention duration ranged from 6 months (26 weeks) to 12 months (52 weeks). Nine trials compared self-monitoring of blood glucose with usual care without monitoring, one study compared self monitoring with standard care, one trial compared SMBG with SMUG, and one study was a three-armed trial comparing SMBG and SMUG versus usual care. One trial was a two-arm trial comparing less intensive self monitoring and more intensive self- monitoring with a control group. There were few data on the effects on well-being and quality of life of participants. There was no evidence that SMBG affects patient satisfaction, general well being or general health-related quality-of-life. None of the studies reported data on morbidity. From this review, we conclude that when diabetes duration is over one year, the overall effect on glycaemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes who are not using insulin is small up to six months after initiation and subsides after 12 months. Furthermore, based on a best-evidence synthesis, there is no evidence to support the use of SMBG for diabetes control in people with diabetes. More research is needed to explore the psychological impact of self monitoring of blood sugar and its impact on diabetes specific quality oflife, as well as the impact on hypoglycaemia and diabetic complications. Seven out of 11 studies had a low risk of bias for most indicators.
Eleven studies involving 471 participants with AsPD met the inclusion criteria, although data were available from only five studies involving 276 participants. Only two studies focused solely on an AsPD sample. Eleven different psychological interventions were examined. Each of these interventions had been originally developed for people with substance misuse problems. There is insufficient trial evidence to justify using any psychological intervention for adults with AsPD. Disappointingly few of the included studies addressed the primary outcomes defined in this review (aggression, reconviction, global functioning, social functioning, adverse effects). Three interventions (contingency management with standard maintenance; cognitive behaviour therapy (CBT), CBT plus standard maintenance, and the ‘Driving Whilst Intoxicated program’, plus incarceration) appeared effective, compared to the control condition, in terms of improvement in at least one outcome in each study. Significant improvements were mainly confined to outcomes related to substance misuse. No study reported significant change in any specific antisocial behaviour. Further research is urgently needed for this prevalent and costly condition.
This updated review included 11 studies. Six studies contributed to one or more analyses related to the common cold, with up to 1047 participants. Five studies contributed data relating to purulent rhinitis, with a total of 791 participants. One study contributed only to data on adverse events and one met the inclusion criteria but reported only summary statistics without providing numerical data that could be included in the meta-analyses. There was a moderate risk of bias because of unreported methods details or because an unknown number of participants were likely to have chest or sinus infections. There is evidence that antibiotics cause significant adverse effects in adults and children when given for common cold and in all ages when given to people with acute purulent rinusitis. Routine use of antibiotics for these conditions is not recommended.
We included five randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with 162 participants. Three trials were conducted in a hospital dermatology department. One study declared funding by a pharmaceutical company. Participants' ages ranged from 12 to 77 years; only two participants were younger than 15 years. We did not perform a meta-analysis due to heterogeneity of participants' characteristics and interventions. None of the trials measured our efficacy primary outcome, time-to-resolution, or the secondary outcome, risk of having at least one relapse at long-term follow-up. We are uncertain of both the efficacy and safety of antibiotic treatment (penicillin, azithromycin, rifampicin) and the proportion of participants achieving PASI 75 or PGA 1 to 2. One trial (N = 20) assessed penicillin (1.6 MU (million units) intramuscularly once a day) versus no treatment (six weeks of treatment). At six-week (short-term) treatment, no adverse events were observed in either group, and there was no statistically significant difference between the two groups in the percentage of participants with clear or almost clear skin (risk ratio (RR) 2.00, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.68 to 5.85). Two comparisons (erythromycin (300 mg twice daily) versus placebo (14-day treatment duration) did not measure any of the review outcomes; none of the outcomes of interest were measured. The quality of the results was very low, due to high risk of bias (absence of blinding of participants and caregivers, and unclear risk of outcome reporting bias) and imprecision (single study data with a low number of events). Hence, we are very uncertain about the results presented.
We identified 12 randomised controlled trials enrolling 933 participants with MS; 464 were randomised to the vitamin D group, and 469 to the comparator group. Eleven trials tested vitamin D₃, and one trial tested vitaminD₂. Vitamin D appears to have no effect on recurrence of relapse, worsening of disability measured by the Expanded Disability Status Scale (EDSS), and MRI lesions. Effects on health-related quality of life (HRQOL) and fatigue are unclear. One study reported that vitamin D improved ratings on the psychological and social components of the HRQOL scale but had no effects on the physical components. The other two studies found no effect of vitamin D on fatigue. The randomised trials included in this review provided no data on time to first treated relapse, number of participants requiring hospitalisation owing to progression of the disease, percentage of participants who remained relapse-free, cognitive function, or psychological symptoms. To date, very low-quality evidence suggests no benefit from vitamin D for patient-important outcomes among people with MS. The quality of the evidence was very low, meaning that further research is very likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the results.
We included 62 randomised controlled trials with 4241 participants in this review. Thirty-six studies used a cross-over design, which means that participants were allocated to one treatment group for one to 15 days, with the greatest number (11) for seven days for each arm of the trial. Fifteen studies compared oral morphine modified release (Mm/r) preparations with morphine immediate release preparations (MIR) in people with cancer. Fourteen studies used different strengths of morphine, and six of these included 24-hour modified release products. Six studies compared morphine with other opioids. Three studies compared MIR with MIR by a different route of administration. Two studies used oral morphine compared with rectal morphine, two studies used MIR at different times, and two studies gave morphine to people at a different time. One study was found comparing each of the following: oral morphine tablet with oral morphine suspension, oral morphine with non-opioids, and oral morphine combined with epidural morphine. In the previous update of this review, a standard of 'no worse than mild pain' was set, equivalent to a score of 30/100 mm or less on a visual analogue pain intensity scale (VAS), or the equivalent in other pain scales. Eighteen studies achieved this level of pain relief on average, and no study reported that good levels of pain pain relief were not attained. Where results were reported for individual participants in 17 studies, no worse pain relief was achieved by 96% of participants (362/377), and an outcome equivalent to treatment success in 63% (400/638). Morphine is an effective analgesic for cancer pain. There is qualitative evidence that oral morphine has much the same efficacy as other available opioids. Daily doses in studies ranged from 25 mg to 2000 mg with an average of between 100 mg and 250 mg. A small number of participants did not achieve adequate analgesia with morphine. Most trials recruited fewer than 100 participants and did not provide
We included 14 trials, with a total of 1260 participants, with 1361 trigger fingers. The age of participants ranged from 16 to 88 years; and the majority of participants were women (approximately 70%). The average duration of symptoms ranged from three to 15 months, and the follow-up after the procedure ranged from eight weeks to 23 months. The studies reported nine types of comparisons: open surgery versus steroid injections (two studies); percutaneous surgery versus open surgery (five studies); open surgery plus steroid injection versus steroid injection (one study); open surgical procedure plus ultrasound-guided hyaluronic acid injection compared with steroid injection alone (one trial); endoscopic surgery compared with open surgery; and three comparisons of types of incision for open surgery. Most studies had significant methodological flaws and were considered at high or unclear risk of selection bias, performance bias, detection bias and reporting bias. Evidence was downgraded due to study design flaws and imprecision. Based on two trials (270 participants) from six up to 12 months, 50/130 (or 385 per 1000) individuals had recurrence of trigger finger in the steroid injection group compared with 8/140 (or 65 per 1000; range 35 to 127) in the open surgery group, for an absolute risk difference that 29% fewer people had a recurrence. At one week, 49% more people had pain on the palm of the hand in the group receiving steroid injection, compared with 38/56 (or 678 per 1000, ranging from 366 to 1000; ranging from 8 to 366 per 1000). We are uncertain whether open surgery is better than steroid injection for resolving trigger finger symptoms in the long-term, because it has the disadvantage of being more painful. We are also uncertain whether steroid injection increases the risk of adverse events (incidence of infection, tendon injury, flare, cutaneous discomfort and fat necrosis) and neurovascular injury. We rated the quality of the evidence as low or very low
This review identified three randomised controlled trials (RCTs), with a total of 931 participants, that tested different neoadjuvant treatments: RT alone; sequential RT and procarbazine, lomustine and vincristine (PCV) chemotherapy; PCV chemotherapy alone; and temozolomide chemotherapy alone. None of the studies blinded participants or personnel, and, therefore, are considered at high risk of bias. The studies were otherwise at low risk of systematic error. One study, the European Organisation for Research and Treatment of Cancer (EORTC) trial, demonstrated a statistically significant overall survival (OS) benefit for RT plus PCV, with a median OS of 3.5 years compared with 2.6 years in the RT alone arm (P value = 0.018). This result was reported 10 years after the conclusion of the enrolment, and was not apparent in the original 2008 Cochrane review. Furthermore, with retrospective evaluation of biomarkers, codeletion of complete chromosome arms 1p and 19q and IDH-1 or -2 mutation were independent prognostic factors for OS in two of the RCTs (Radiation Therapy Oncology Group (RTOG) and EORTC). The third trial (NOA-04) evaluated these biomarkers prospectively and found them prognostic for progression-free survival. Early PCV therapy, either before or after RT, appears to improve OS of participants with AO or AOA. However, PCV was associated with significant grade 3 and 4 toxicities, and whether it can be substituted for this remains unclear.
We included five trials with a total of 240 children aged one to 18 years with mild to moderate OSA (AHI 1 to 30 per hour). All trials were performed in specialised sleep medicine clinics at tertiary care centres. Follow-up time ranged from six weeks to four months. Three RCTs (n = 137) compared intranasal corticosteroids against placebo; two trials compared oral montelukast against placebo. We excluded one trial from the meta-analysis since the patients were not analysed as randomised. We also had concerns about selective reporting in another trial. We are uncertain about the difference in AHI (a measure of oxygenation) between children receiving intranaureate and placebo (low-certainty evidence). We are also uncertain whether the secondary outcomes are different between the two groups (such as desaturation index, respiratory arousal index, and nadir oxygen saturation) due to imprecision of the estimates and heterogeneity between studies. The certainty of the evidence was moderate for the primary outcome AHI, as well as the respiratory arousal and respiratory arousals during sleep (moderate certainty for these two outcomes) and high certainty for the secondary outcome respiratory arousal. We were uncertain, however, about the differences in desaturation and oxygen saturation between the oral montelaukast and placebo groups (low certainty evidence). The quality of evidence was low for the main outcome of AHI due to differences between the included studies. In addition, the certainty of evidence for other outcomes like concentration ability, vigilance, or school performance was moderate. In conclusion, there is insufficient evidence for the efficacy of intran as an intervention for the treatment of OSA in children; they may have short-term beneficial effects on AHI and respiratory arousal in children with mild-to-moderate OSA, but we are uncertain of the benefit on the other outcomes. The clinical relevance of the observed treatment effects remains unclear because minimal clinically important differences are not yet established
We found six randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) and three controlled clinical trials (including 1291 children) that investigated the prevention of VTE (low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) n = 134, antithrombin (AT) supplementation n = 37, low-dose warfarin n = 31, cryoprecipitate and/or fresh frozen plasma (FFP) supplementationn = 240, AT supplementation and LMWH n = 41). All studies had methodological limitations, and clinical heterogeneity between studies was noted. We found no significant effects of systemic treatments compared with no intervention in preventing (a)symptomatic VTE and no differences in adverse events (such as major or minor bleeding; none of the studies reported thrombocytopenia, heparan-induced thrombin-induced blood clots (HIT), death due to VTE, removal of CVC due to the presence of a blood clot, CVC-related infection, and post-thrombotic syndrome (PTS)) between experimental and control groups. In one CCT, which compared one systemic treatment with another systemic treatment, we identified a significant reduction in symptomatic (blood clots in the veins) VTE with the addition of LMWH to AT supplementation. The analysis of this trial showed that LMWH was associated with a significant reduced risk of symptomatic and asymptomatic CVC bleeding without bleeding complications. None of the other adverse events were reported in this trial. In the experimental group, 1/68 (1.5%) children were diagnosed as having symptomatic VT, as were 4/114 (3.5%). In the control group, 22/68 children (32.4%) were diagnosed with symptomatic CVTE as were 35/114 children (30.7%) in the control arm. The evidence is current to January 2018.
This review identified three randomised controlled trials with a total of 287 participants. The first trial of 98 participants showed that CSFD reduced the risk of neurological deficits in the lower extremities in 14 (30%) of CSFD group and 17 (33%) controls. The deficit was observed within 24 hours of the operation in 21 (68%) participants, and from three to 22 days in 10 (32%) participants. CSFD did not have a significant benefit in preventing ischaemic injury to the spinal cord. The second trial of 33 participants used a combination CSFD and intrathecal papaverine. It showed a statistically significant reduction in the rate of postoperative neurological deficit (P = 0.039) compared to controls. Analysis was undertaken after only one third of the estimated sample size had entered the trial. In the third trial TAAA repair was performed on 145 participants. This trial used CSFD during the operation and continued for 48 hours after surgery. Paraplegia or paraparesis occurred in 9 of 74 participants (12.2%) in the control group versus 2 of 82 participants (2.7%) receiving CSFD. Overall, CSFD resulted in an 80% reduction in postoperative deficits. Meta-analysis showed an odds ratio (OR) of 0.48 (95 % confidence interval (CI) 0.25 to 0.92). For CSFD-only trials, OR was 0.57 (95% CI 0.28 to 1.17) and for intention-to-treat analysis in CSFD only studies, the OR remained unchanged.
We included 13 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 662 participants. These studies compared NB-UVB with either oral PUVA or topical PUVA for the treatment of people with CPP or GP. The evidence is current to August 2015. We found that the clearance rate between oral PUV and NB- UVB is inconsistent among the included studies. In one study, the difference in PASI 75 was not statistically significant (low quality). In three other studies, the clearance rates were inconsistent because in one, there was no difference between the groups, and in the other two, there were no significant differences between the two groups. In two studies, there seemed to be no significant difference in the number of people who dropped out of the studies due to side-effects, but the evidence was also inconsistent. In people with PPP, one study found that there were not significant differences in the clearance of PASIs between people treated with NB-UVB and those treated with PUVA treated sides. One study also found no differences between people who were treated with both topical and non-topical PUVA. Two studies found that people with both CPP and GP had similar clearance rates of PPP when treated with either a re-NBUVB plus retinoid (re-NB-UV) or PUVA plus re-PUVA for treating CPP. In practice, it may be more convenient to use since exogenous photosensitiser is not required before phototherapy. No studies reported our primary outcomes of interest for this review. The quality of the evidence is very low because of the small number of studies and participants, and because the results of the trials were imprecise. Larger prospective studies are needed to confirm the long-term safety of this treatment.
This review found some evidence that biofeedback and electrical stimulation may enhance the outcome of treatment compared to electrical stimulation alone or exercises alone. There was not enough evidence as to whether there was a difference in outcome between any of these methods of treatment. There are suggestions that rectal volume discrimination training improves continence more than sham training. Exercises appear to be less effective than an implanted sacral nerve stimulator. The limited number of identified trials together with methodological weaknesses of many do not allow a definitive assessment of the role of anal sphincter exercises (e.g. stretching of the anus) and biofeedbrief therapy in the management of people with faecal incontinence. Larger well-designed trials are needed to enable safe conclusions.
This review aimed to compare the benefits and harms of different catheter policies. Thirty nine randomised trials were identified for inclusion in the review. They were generally small and of poor or moderate quality reporting data on only few outcomes. In six trials, a greater number of people needed to be recatheterised if a urethral catheter rather than a suprapubic one was used following surgery. The data gave only an imprecise estimate of any difference in urinary tract infection. In 11 trials, the seven trials with data suggested fewer urinary tract infections when a catheter was removed earlier (for example 1 versus 3 days) with no pattern in respect to catheterisation. In a single small trial, the clamp-and-release group showed a significantly greater incidence of urinary- tract infections and a delay in return to normal voiding. Despite reviewing 39 eligible trials, few firm conclusions could be reached because of the multiple comparisons considered, the small size of individual trials, and their low quality. Whether or not to use a particular policy is usually a trade-off between the risks of morbidity (especially infection) and risks of recatheteisation.
The evidence is current to September 2014. We included 10 studies (3340 participants) in the review. Seven studies compared aripiprazole monotherapy versus placebo (2239 participants); two of these included a third comparison arm—one study used lithium (485 participants) and the other used haloperidol (480 participants). Two studies (754 participants) compared arippiprazoles with valproate or lithium versus placebo as an adjunctive treatment, and one study (347 participants) looked at arioprazole compared with haloperidine (a drug used to treat mania). The overall risk of bias of the studies was unclear. A high dropout rate from most trials (> 20% for each intervention in eight of the trials) may have affected the estimates of relative efficacy. Evidence shows that people taking ariroprazole were more likely than people taking placebo to have manic symptoms at three and four weeks but not at six weeks (moderate quality evidence) - a modest difference. Arippinerazole was more effective than placebo in reducing manic symptoms in adults and children/adolescents at three weeks but caused more movement disorders (high quality evidence), with more people requiring treatment with anticholinergic medication (high-quality evidence), and caused more gastrointestinal disturbances (nausea, constipation, and movement disorders) and more people to have a prolactin level that fell below the lower limit of normal. Significant heterogeneity was present in the meta-analysis of movement disorders associated with ariperazole and other treatments and was most likely due to the different side effect profiles of lithium and haloperideol. At the three-week time point, meta-analyses were not possible because of lack of data; however, at 12 weeks, haloperacid resulted in significantly more movement problems than aripperazole, as measured on the Simpson Angus Scale (SAS), the Barnes Akathisia Scale (
We found three studies that evaluated the effect of antibiotic or other lock treatments in the treatment of CVC-related infections in children with cancer. Two studies evaluated urokinase lock treatment with concomitant systemic antibiotics (56 participants) versus systemic antibiotics alone (48 participants), and one study evaluated ethanol lock treatment (15 participants) compared with systemic antibiotics only (13 participants). No studies evaluating antibiotic lock treatment alone were found. We found no evidence of significant difference between ethanol or uokinase or ethanol lock treatments with antibiotics in addition to systemic antibiotics in the number of participants cured, number of patients with CVCs prematurely removed, need for admission to the intensive care unit (ICU) or sepsis. No adverse events occurred in the five publications of cohort studies (one cohort was included in two publications) assessing this outcome; CVC malfunctioning occurred in three out of five publications (three publications) in cohort studies. No significant difference was found between uoK lock treatment plus systemic antibiotics compared with antibiotics alone. However, this could be due to low power or a too-short follow-up. All studies had methodological limitations and clinical heterogeneity between studies was present. Not all studies were included in all analyses. More well-designed randomised controlled trials (RCTs) are needed.
This review identified 15 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly allocated at random to one or more treatment groups) that examined the effectiveness of interventions to help people with whiplash-related pain, including advice to activate, advice on stress-coping skills, workplace ergonomics and self-care strategies. Three TPE themes emerged. Advice focusing on activation: There is moderate quality evidence (one trial, 348 participants) that an educational video of advice focusing on intervention was more beneficial for acute whiplASH-related neck pain when compared with no treatment at intermediate-term but not long-term follow-up. There is low quality evidence from one trial, 102 participants, that an advice pamphlet for people with acute neck pain is less beneficial for pain reduction, or no different in improving function and global perceived improvement from generic information given out in emergency care (control) in the short-term. Self-care Strategies: One trial, 192 participants, favoured specific exercise training for chronic neck pain, but there was no evidence of benefit or difference for varied outcomes. Advice on pain & stress coping skills and workplace ergonomic problems: Three trials, 243 participants, either favoured other treatment or showed no difference for varying outcomes. With the exception of one study, this review has not shown effectiveness for educational interventions, such as advice to intervene, advice for people to activate and advice for coping with stress. Future research should be founded on sound adult learning theory and learning skill acquisition. Of the 15 selected trials, three were rated low risk of bias.
This review aimed to assess the effectiveness of interventions to notify people at CJD or vCJD risk and to support them subsequently, or to identify the best approach to communication in these situations. No studies meeting the study design criteria were identified for inclusion in this Cochrane review. In total, 49 studies and pieces of literature meeting the same population, intervention and outcome criteria were included in this review, but identified from the broader literature providing evidence on policy implementation and consumer experiences. The thematic synthesis indicates that ideally communication may be considered as a longitudinal multicomponent programme, ensuring that notification and support are coordinated; that communication is tailored and responsive to need; and that activities to support individual risk communication, such as widespread education and monitoring of access to health care for those at risk, are in place. This review also indicates that poor communication practices may have negative impacts or cause harm such as discrimination in accessing health care.
We included one randomised clinical trial (N = 304 randomised; 204 completed; 276 analysed) that evaluated opioids (prolonged release oxycodone/naloxone) versus placebo. After 12 weeks, RLS symptoms had improved more in the drug group than in the placebo group. The proportion of patients who responded to treatment with opioids was higher in the opioid group. Quality of life scores also improved more with opioids than with placebo. Patients' quality of sleep was improved by sleep adequacy, sleep quantity, and sleep quality scores. There was no difference between groups for daytime somnolence, trouble staying awake during the day, or naps. More side effects were reported with opioids. The major side effects included gastrointestinal problems, fatigue, and headache. Opioids seem to be effective for treating RLS, but there are no definitive data regarding the important problem of safety. This conclusion is based on only one study with a high dropout rate (low quality evidence).
Fifteen trials, involving 1022 adults with distal displaced and potentially or evidently unstable distal radial fractures, were included in this review. While all trials compared external fixation versus plaster cast immobilisation, there was considerable variation especially in terms of patient characteristics and interventions. Methodological weaknesses among these trials included lack of allocation concealment and inadequate outcome assessment. There was insufficient evidence to confirm a superior overall functional or clinical result for the external fixation group. There is some evidence to support the use of external fixation for dorsally displaced fractures of the distal radius in adults. External fixation maintained reduced fracture positions (redisplacement requiring secondary treatment: 7/356 versus 51/338 (data from 9 trials); relative risk 0.17, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.09 to 0.32) and prevented late collapse and malunion compared with plaster casts immobilisation. There were no differences between the two groups in serious complications such as reflex sympathetic dystropy (reaction of the sympathetic nerves to the bone) and reflex sympathetic nerve injury (reactions to the skin). There was not enough evidence to determine whether external fixation was associated with a better functional outcome. Most of the excess surgically-related complications are minor.
This review of five randomised controlled trials found that early removal of ureteric stents following kidney transplantation may reduce the incidence of UTI while it is uncertain if there is a higher risk of MUC. It is uncertain whether early stent removal is better than late removal of the stent. However, if an externalised stent was used there was no discernible difference in UTI incidence between the early and late group. Data on health economics and quality of life outcomes were lacking. BI stents are the optimum method for achieving this benefit. Generally the risk of bias of the included studies was judged to be low or unclear; they addressed the research question and utilised a prospective randomised design.
We included five studies that evaluated three comparisons. Four studies compared crowns with fillings; two of them compared conventional PMCs with open sandwich restorations, and two compared PMCs fitted using the Hall Technique with filling. One of these studies included a third arm, which allowed the comparison of PMCs (fitted with the Hall technique) versus non-restorative caries treatment. All studies in this comparison used PMCs. One study reported outcomes in the short term and found no major failure or pain in either group. There was moderate quality evidence that the risk of major failure was lower in the crowns group in the long term (three studies, 346 teeth in three studies, one conventional and two using Hall Technique). Similarly, pain was lower for the crown group (two studies, 312 teeth in two studies). It is uncertain whether there is a clinically important difference in gingival bleeding when using crowns rather than fillings, either at the time of treatment or long term. The quality of evidence for crowns compared to fillings and for metal compared with aesthetic crowns, is very low. There are no RCTs comparing crowns fitted conventionally versus filling using the hall technique. One split-mouth study (11 participants) compared the two types of crowns (stainless steel with white veneers). It provided very low quality evidence so no conclusions could be drawn. Crowns placed on primary molar teeth with carious lesions, or following pulp treatment, are likely to reduce the risk for major failure, pain and discomfort compared to filling. The evidence quality was very low and we are therefore we are uncertain about the estimates. We considered outcomes reported at the dental appointment or within 24 hours of it, and in the shortest term (less than 12 months) or in the longer term (12 months or more). Some of our outcomes of interest were not measured in the studies: time to restoration failure or retreatment, patient satisfaction and costs.
We found 28 studies involving 788 people with cystic fibrosis. Most of these studies did not report enough details about how they were carried out to allow us to combine their results. In 22 of the 28 studies the PEP technique was performed using a mask, in three of the studies a mouthpiece was used with nose clips and in three studies it was unclear whether a mask or mouthpiece were used. These studies compared PEP to ACBT, autogenic drainage (AD), oral oscillating PEP devices, high-frequency chest wall oscillation (HFCWO) and BiPaP and exercise. The evidence provided by this review is of variable quality, but suggests that all techniques and devices described may have a place in the clinical treatment of people with CF. It is important to note that airway clearance techniques should be individualised throughout life according to developmental stages, patient preferences, pulmonary symptoms and lung function. This also applies as conditions vary between baseline function and pulmonary exacerbations.
This review included four studies involving 1485 participants with moderate to severe Crohn's disease. Most participants were adults over 18 years of age. One study was identified as high risk of bias due to a non-identical placebo while the other studies were judged to be of high quality. CZP (100 mg to 400 mg every 2 to 4 weeks) was shown to be superior to placebo for achieving clinical remission at week 8 (moderate certainty evidence). The raw numbers of participants achieving remission were 26.9% (225/835) and 19.8% (129/650) of participants in the placebo groups, respectively. In addition, CZPs were shown to achieve clinical response (clinical remission) in 40.2% of participants and 30.9%, respectively, in comparison with placebo. Serious adverse events were observed in 8.7% (73/800) and 6.2%, respectively in participants receiving CZp and placebo, and serious adverse events included worsening Crohn’s disease, infections, and malignancy. It is uncertain whether the risk of serious side effects differs between CzP and placebo as the 95% CI includes the possibility of a small decrease or doubling of events. Future studies are needed to evaluate the long-term efficacy and safety of CZPP in CD patients.
We searched scientific databases for clinical trials of drugs to treat heart failure in people with CKD. We found 112 studies, of which 26 studies (19,612 participants) reported data on at least one outcome of interest for our review and were included in our meta-analyses. Of the 31 studies (23,762 participants) with data on CKD patients, follow-up ranged from three months to five years, and study size ranged from 16 to 2916 participants. In chronic heart failure, the effects of adenosine A1-receptor antagonists, dopamine, nesiritide, or serelaxin on death, hospitalisations, worsening heart failure or kidney function, hyperkalaemia, hypotension or quality of life were uncertain due to sparse data or were not reported. The effects of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors (ACEi or ARB), aldosterone antagonists, and vasopressin receptor antagonists on death (any cause) were uncertain. Treatment with beta-blockers may decrease hospitalisation for heart failure compared to placebo or no treatment, as treatment estimates were consistent with either benefit or harm. We were unable to estimate whether treatment with sinus node inhibitors affects the risk of high blood potassium levels, as there were few studies and meta-analysis was not possible. We did not find any studies investigating the effect of anti-arrhythmic agents, digoxin, phosphodiesterase inhibitors, renin inhibitors, sinus nodes inhibitors, vasodilators, or vasoprespiratory receptor antagonists. The certainty of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes due to the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants.
This review identified three randomised controlled trials (N = 1945 women) comparing internal and external tocodynamometry for induction and augmentation of labour in women where intravenous oxytocin was used to induce labour. The trials were of moderate quality. No serious complications were reported in the trials and no neonatal or maternal deaths occurred. The neonatal outcome was not statistically different between groups: Apgar score less than seven at five minutes, umbilical artery pH less than 7.15 (one study, n = 1456), umbiliotic artery pH (one trial, 239 women), admission to the neonatal intensive care unit, and more than 48 hours hospitalisation. The pooled risk for instrumental delivery (including caesarean section, ventouse and forceps extraction) was not significantly different. Hyperstimulation was reported in two studies (n = 489), but there was no statistically significant difference between groups. This review found no differences between the two types of monitoring (internal or external) for any of the maternal or neonatal outcomes. Given that this review is based on three studies involving 1945 women, there is insufficient evidence to recommend the use of one form of tocodynamic monitoring over another for women with induction or augmentation labour.
We included two randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) involving 54 participants with chronic venous disease. One study reported no difference between the exercise and control groups whereas the second reported a reduction in symptoms in the exercise group. The intensity of disease signs and symptoms was measured in both studies but using different scales; we were therefore unable to pool the data. In one study, increases in change in ejection fraction compared with baseline (mean difference (MD) 4.88%, 95% confidence interval (CI) 3.16 to 6.60; 30 participants) and half venous refilling time (MD 4.20 seconds, 95% CI 3.28 to 5.12; 23 participants; P < 0.00001) and total venous re-filling time were observed. In the second study, no difference was observed between the two groups with regard to quality of life or ankle range of motion. The incidence of venous leg ulcers, incidence of surgical intervention to treat symptoms related to CVI and exercise capacity were not assessed or reported in either of the included trials. We rated both included studies as at high risk of bias; hence, these data should be interpreted carefully. Due to the small number of studies and small sample size, we were not able to verify indirectness and publication bias. Therefore, we judged the overall quality of evidence as very low according to the GRADE approach. There is currently insufficient evidence available to assess the efficacy of physical exercise in people with CVI.
This review of randomized controlled trials found that viscosupplementation is an effective treatment for OA of the knee with beneficial effects: on pain, function and patient global assessment; and at different post injection periods but especially at the 5 to 13 week post injection period. It is of note that the magnitude of the clinical effect, as expressed by the WMD and standardised mean difference (SMD) from the RevMan 4.2 output, is different for different products, comparisons, timepoints, variables and trial designs. In general, the analyses performed are positive for the HA class and particularly positive for some products with respect to certain variables and timepoints (pain on weight bearing) such as pain on the weight bearing at 5- to 13-week post injection. However, there are few randomised head-to-head comparisons of different products and readers should be cautious, therefore, in drawing conclusions regarding the relative value of different HA products. The results of this review support the use of HA class of products in the treatment of knee OA.
We included 10 randomised clinical trials (RCTs) with a total of 4052 participants in this review. Four RCTs (1881 participants) compared misoprostol with placebo given in addition to conventional uterotonics. Adjunctive use of the drug (in the dose of 600 to 1000 mcg) with simultaneous administration of additional uterotonic drugs did not provide additional benefit for our primary outcomes including maternal mortality (risk ratio (RR) 6.16, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.75 to 50.85), serious maternal morbidity, admission to intensive care or hysterectomy (RR 0.79, 95%, CI 0.30 to 2.11). Two trials (1787 women) compared 800 mcg sublingual (sublingual infusion) versus oxytocin infusion as primary PPH treatment; one trial included women who had received prophylactic uterotonic drugs, and the other did not. Primary outcomes did not differ between the two groups, although women given the drug were more likely to have additional blood loss of at least 1000 mL (RR 2.65; 95% CI 1.04 to 6.75). The drug was associated with a significant increase in vomiting and shivering. Two trials attempted to test the effectiveness of estrogen and tranexamic acid, respectively, but were too small for any meaningful comparisons of pre-specified outcomes. One study compared lower segment compression but was too small to assess impact on primary outcomes. We did not identify any trials evaluating surgical techniques or radiological interventions for women with primary PH unresponsive to uterotonical drugs and/or haemostatics. The review suggests that among women who received oxytocine for the treatment of PPH, adjunctive use provided no added benefit. The role of the hormone estrogen and the use of other hormone treatments requires further evaluation. Furthermore, future studies should focus on the best way to treat women
This review identified six randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that evaluated the effects of short-term supplementation of cysteine-free PN in preterm infants. The majority of patients in these trials were preterm. Five small trials evaluated the benefits and risks of short supplementation of PN containing cysteines. One large trial evaluated the risks and benefits of N-acetylcysteine supplementation in extremely low birth weight infants (≤ 1000 grams). Growth was not significantly affected by supplementation (1 trial). Nitrogen retention was significantly increased (4 trials) (WMD 31.8 mg/kg/day, 95 babies, n = 95). Plasma levels of the amino acid, which is an indicator of nitrogen retention, were significantly increased by supplementation but not by supplementation with cysteins. The risk of death by 36 postmenstrual weeks, bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD), death or BPD, retinopathy of prematurity (ROP), severe ROP, necrotizing enterocolitis requiring surgery, periventricular leukomalacia, intraventricular hemorrhage (IVH), or severe IVH were not significantly reduced by supplementation. Available evidence from a large RCT trial does not support routine supplementation with N- acetylcyteine in cystein-containing PN.
We found 77 randomised clinical trials including 6287 participants. Forty-one trials (3829 participants) provided information for one or more outcomes. Thirty-five trials included only participants with non-alcohol related steatohepatitis (NASH) (based on biopsy confirmation). Five trials included participants with diabetes mellitus; 14 trials included people without diabetes. The follow-up in the trials ranged from one month to 24 months. The source of funding was not provided in 39 trials. Twenty-six trials were partially- or fully-funded by pharmaceutical companies that would benefit, based on the results of the trial. Twelve trials did not receive any additional funding or were funded by parties with no vested interest in the results. Due to the very low quality of evidence, we are very uncertain about the effectiveness of pharmacological treatments for people with NAFLD including those with NASH. Further well-designed clinical trials with sufficiently large sample sizes are necessary.
In total, 1282 participants with MCI at baseline at baseline were identified in the 15 included studies of which 1172 had analysed data; 430 participants converted to Alzheimer’s disease dementia and 130 participants to other forms of dementia. Follow-up ranged from less than one year to over four years for some participants, but in the majority of studies was in the range one to three years. The accuracy of the CSF t-tau was evaluated in seven studies (291 cases and 418 non-cases). The sensitivity values ranged from 51% to 90% while the specificity values were from 48% to 88%. At the median specificity of 72%, the estimated sensitivity was 75% (95% CI 67 to 85), the positive likelihood ratio was 2.72, and the negative likelihood ratio (0.32) was 0.32. Six studies (164 cases and 328 non- cases) evaluated the accuracy of CSF p- tau. The sensitivities were between 40% and 100%, while the specificities were between 22% and 86%. The average specificity of 47.5% was reported in five studies (140 cases and 293 non-case) and the average sensitivity was 81%. We did not conduct a meta-analysis because the studies were few and small. Only one study reported the accuracy (the combined result) for CSF test of the blood test, the blood sample-based biomarker, which was based on data from only one study. We were unable to formally assess the effect of each potential source of heterogeneity as planned, due to the small number of studies available to be included in this review. The main sources of heterogeneity were thought likely to be reference standards used for the target disorders, sources of recruitment, participant sampling, index test methodology and aspects of study quality (particularly, inadequate blinding). According to the assessment of index test domain, eight of 15 studies were of poor methodological quality. Our findings are based on studies with poor reporting. A
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 170 participants. All included participants were male and were undergoing radical robotic assisted laparoscopic radical prostatectomy (RALRP). The men were between 50 and 75 years of age and met criteria for American Society of Anesthesiologists physical classification scores (ASA) I, ll and III. We found one ongoing trial. The evidence is current to September 2015. The quality of the evidence was low to very low, as all studies were small, single-centre trials providing unclear descriptions of methods. It is unclear which anaesthetic technique is superior - TIVA or inhalational - for transabdominal robotic assisted surgery in urology, gynaecology and gastroenterology, as existing evidence is scarce, is of low quality and has been generated from exclusively male patients undergoing robotic radical prostateectomy. An ongoing trial, which includes participants of both genders with a focus on quality of recovery, might have an impact on future evidence related to this topic. No studies addressed the secondary outcomes of adverse effects, all-cause mortality, respiratory or circulatory complications, cognitive dysfunction, length of stay or costs.
We included 14 randomised controlled trials with 1,601,515 study participants in this review. Most studies found no causal associations between maternal exposure to topical corticosteroids of any potency and pregnancy outcomes when compared with no exposure. These outcomes included: mode of delivery (low quality evidence); congenital abnormalities, including orofacial cleft or cleft palate and hypospadias (where the urethral opening is on the underside of the penis), preterm delivery, preterm birth, foetal death, low birth weight, and low Apgar score. Maternal use of mild to moderate potency topical steroids was associated with a decreased risk of the baby dying during pregnancy, but we did not observe this effect when potent to very potent topical steroids were given during pregnancy. The results from three of the individual studies in the meta-analysis indicated that there was an increased risk of low birthweight in women who received powerful to very powerful topical steroids. We found no association between maternal use of topical steroids and adverse pregnancy outcomes. We rated the quality of the evidence as low or very low because of imprecision in the results of the studies and inconsistency in the numbers of babies that died.
We found four randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared the treatment of bacterial keratitis with topical corticosteroids and without topical steroids. These trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, India, and South Africa. The total number of included participants was 611 (612 eyes), ranging from 30 to 500 participants per trial. One trial was included in the previous version of the review, and we identified three additional trials through the updated searches in July 2014. All trials were funded by the manufacturer of the drug used in the trial. The largest trial was the Steroids for Corneal Ulcers Trial (SCUT), which compared steroid treatment with placebo (a fake drug) and followed participants for two months to one year. The trial did not find any important difference in the time to re-epithelialization (the time taken for the cornea to heal) between the two treatment groups. The pilot study of the SCUT reported that the steroid treatment was 53% slower than the placebo group after adjusting for baseline epithelial defect size. However, the trial found no important difference between the groups in terms of re-enhelialization time. For adverse events, the investigators of the largest trial reported that more patients in the control group developed intraocular pressure (IOP) elevation (a measure of eye pressure). One trial reported quality of life and concluded that there was no difference between two groups (data not available). We found no reports regarding economic outcomes. Although the four trials were generally of good methodological design, all trials had considerable losses to follow-up (10% or more) in the final analyses. Further, three of the four included trials were underpowered to detect treatment effect differences between groups and inconsistency in outcome measurements precluded meta-analyses for most outcomes relevant to this review. There is inadequate evidence as to the effectiveness and safety of topical steroids compared with no topical steroids
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared intravenous thrombolytic treatment with percutaneous vascular interventions for ischaemic stroke. We found no evidence from these trials to suggest that either treatment is superior to intravenous treatment with respect to functional outcome. At the end of follow-up, there was a non-significant increase in the proportion of participants who died. There was no difference in the percentage of participants with symptomatic intracranial haemorrhages between the intervention and control groups. Data on vascular status (recanalisation rate) were only available for seven participants from one trial; we considered this inadequate for statistical analyses. The overall quality of the evidence was low. The evidence is up-to-date as of February 2015.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials that compared centre-based day care with no treatment (care at home) for children younger than five years of age and their families in high-income countries. We found one trial, involving 120 families and 143 children. The evidence is current to September 2014. The trial was conducted in the USA, and the number of children included in the study was small. The study did not report on long-term outcomes for children (high-school completion or income). No evidence suggested that centre- based day care, rather than no treatment, improved or worsened children's cognitive ability (Griffiths Mental Development Scale, standardised mean difference (SMD) 0.34, 95% confidence interval (CI) -0.01 to 0.69, 127 participants, 1 study, very low-quality evidence) or psychosocial development (parental report of abnormal development, risk ratio (RR) 1.21 (95% CI 0.25 to 5.78, 137 participants). No other measures of child intellectual or psychological development were reported in the included study. Moreover, there was no evidence of any benefit or harm in the employment of parents, as measured by employment hours per week in paid employment or household income above £200 per week. The quality of the evidence was very low. This review includes one trial that provides inconclusive evidence as regards the effects of day care for children and families. This trial did not provide enough evidence to determine whether or not day care is beneficial or harmful for children from low-income families. More research is needed. Comparisons might include home visits or alternative day care arrangements that provide special attention to children from poor families while exploring possible mechanisms of effect. Some trials included co-interventions that are unlikely to be found in normal day care centres.
In total, 126 reports describing 30 histologic scoring indices were identified through the screening process. Eleven of the 30 scoring indices have undergone some form of index validation. The Nancy Index and the Robarts Histopathology Index have undergone the most validation in that four operating properties including reliability, content validity, construct validity (hypothesis testing) and criterion validity have been tested. However, none of the currently available histologic scores have been fully validated. In order to determine the optimal endpoint for histologic healing in UC, more research is required.
We included three randomised trials that evaluated the use of nailing versus plating in 213 participants with distal tibial metaphyseal fractures. The evidence is current to September 2015. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK and Australia. The average age of participants in individual studies ranged from 41 to 44 years. There were no trials comparing surgery with non-surgical treatment. The three included trials were at high risk of bias, with one trial also being at risk of selection, detection and attrition bias. Overall, the quality of available evidence was rated as very low for all outcomes, meaning that we are very unsure about the results. The available evidence, which is of very low quality, found no clinically important differences in function or pain, and did not confirm a difference in the need for re-operation or risk of complications between nailing and plating. Based on an illustrative risk of 100 re-operations for adverse outcomes within one year of plate fixation in 1000 people with these fractures, 63 fewer (95% CI 88 fewer to 12 more) people per 1000 would have to have reoperations after nailing. Similarly, pooled data (173 participants, 3 trials) for the symptomatic nonunion or malunion, wound complications and fracture union favoured nailing but the 95% confidence intervals crossed the line of no effect and thus included the possibility of a better outcome after plate fixation. Evidence from one trial (85 participants) showed no difference in pain between the two groups. There is either no or insufficient evidence to draw definitive conclusions on the use or the best surgical intervention for these fractures in adults. Further trials are warranted on other issues, but should be preceded by research to identify priority questions.
We included 11 studies involving 38,742 participants. Eight studies compared BPLD versus placebo or no treatment (35,110 participants), and three studies compared different systolic blood pressure targets (3632 participants). The risk of bias varied greatly between included studies. The pooled risk ratio (RR) of BPLDs for recurrent stroke was 0.81 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.70 to 0.93; 8 RCTs; 35,110 people; moderate-quality evidence). The pooled RR of intensive blood pressure-lowering for recurrent and major vascular event 0.58 (95-CI 0.63 to 1.00; 4 RCTS; 28,630 participants; high quality evidence). We mainly observed a reduced risk of recurrent stroke in the subgroup of participants using an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor or a diuretic (I2 statistic for subgroup differences 72.1%; P = 0.006). Current evidence is primarily derived from trials studying an ACE inhibitor or diuretics. No definite conclusions can be drawn from current evidence regarding the optimal systol blood pressure target after stroke or TIA.
This review of four randomized controlled trials (lasting 4 to 26 weeks) found that B-sitosterols, a non-glucosidic, non-steroidal anti-cancer drug, improve urinary symptoms and flow measures in men with prostate cancer. However, their long term effectiveness, safety and ability to prevent BPH complications are not known.
The review includes 26 trials comparing salmeterol to placebo and eight trials comparing with salbutamol. These included 62,815 participants with asthma (including 2,599 children). In six trials (2,766 patients), no serious adverse event data could be obtained. There is insufficient evidence to assess whether the risk in children is higher or lower than in adults. We found no significant increase in fatal or non-fatal serious adverse events when regular salmeterolate was compared with placebo. There was a clear increase in risk of asthma-related mortality in patients not using inhaled corticosteroids in the two large surveillance studies. In comparison with placebo, we have found an increased risk of serious side effects with regular Salmeterol. In patients who were not taking inhaled steroids, compared to regular salbutamic acid or placebo, there was an increase in the risk of death due to asthma. The confidence interval for patients taking an inhaled steroid was wide and we cannot rule in or out an increase of asthma deaths in the presence of a inhaled Corticosteroid. We cannot conclude that the inhaled treatment with salmeterole abolishes the risks of regular salmetol. The adverse effects of regular Salmetol in children remain uncertain due to the small number of children studied.
This review found no evidence that postnatal thyroid hormone treatment reduces the severity of respiratory distress syndrome, neonatal morbidity or mortality in preterm infants. There is no evidence from controlled clinical trials to support or refute the use of thyroid hormones for preterm babies with respiratory distress.
We included 38 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1828 participants in this review. Eight RCTs had a low risk of bias in the assessment of mortality. All trials had a high risk of systematic errors (bias) in their assessment of the remaining outcomes. The analyses found that non-absorbable disaccharides may be associated with a beneficial effect on clinically relevant outcomes compared with placebo/no intervention. The evidence is current to August 2018. We found evidence that the use of these drugs to treat hepatic encephalopathy may help to reduce the risk of death and serious adverse events associated with the underlying liver disease including liver failure, hepatorenal syndrome, and variceal bleeding. The review found no differences between lactulose and lactitol for the other outcomes (very low quality evidence). The evaluation of secondary outcomes showed a potential beneficial effect of the drugs on quality of life, but we were not able to include the data in an overall meta-analysis. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to moderate.
We included 65 studies (involving 3598 participants) in this updated review. Forty-three studies evaluated bone density or bone-related biomarkers, with more recent studies evaluating proteinuria and hyperparathyroidism. Bisphosphonate therapy was usually commenced in the perioperative transplantation period (within 3 weeks) and regardless of BMD. Median duration of follow-up was 12 months. Studies were not designed to measure treatment effects on fracture, death or cardiovascular outcomes, or graft loss. The evidence is current to January 2019. Compared to placebo, bisphosphoneate therapy administered over 12 months in kidney transplant recipients may prevent fracture (low certainty evidence) although the 95% confidence interval (CI) included the possibility that bisplatinate therapy might make little or no difference. Fracture events were principally vertebral fractures identified during routine radiographic surveillance. It was uncertain whether any other drug class decreased fracture. It is uncertain whether interventions for bone disease in kidney kidney transplantation reduce all-cause or cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction or stroke, and graft loss in very low certainty evidence. It may decrease acute graft rejection, while it is uncertain if any other treatment impacts graft rejection (very low confidence interval). Bisph phosphonate treatment may reduce bone pain and bone fracture events, but it was very uncertain whether bisphosporinate therapy prevents spinal deformity or avascular bone necrosis (a disease of the bone caused by damage to the bone that leads to a blood supply to the spinal cord). It was unclear whether vitamin D compounds had any effect on skeletal, cardiovascular, death, or transplant function outcomes. Evidence for the benefits and harms of all other treatments was of low certainty. A single study reported outcomes among 60 children and adolescents. Evidence was sparse for children and young adolescents. The effects of bone treatment for children or adolescents after kidney transplantations are very uncertain. Risks of bias were generally high or unclear leading
This review identified four randomised controlled trials involving 317 people with alcohol withdrawal syndrome. Three trials studied oral magnesium, with doses ranging from 12.5 mmol/day to 20 mmol a day. One trial studied parenteral magnesium (16.24 mEq q6h for 24 hours). Each trial demonstrated a high risk of bias in at least one domain. There was significant clinical and methodological variation between trials. We found no study that measured all of the identified primary outcomes and met the objectives of this review. Only one trial measured clinical symptoms of seizure, delirium tremens or components of the Clinical Institute Withdrawal Assessment for Alcohol (CIWA) score. A single outcome (handgrip strength) in three trials (113 people), was amenable to meta-analysis. The results of the trials showed no significant increase in the strength of the handgrip in the magnesium group. No clinically important changes in adverse events were reported. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether magnesium is beneficial or harmful for the treatment or prevention of alcohol withdrawal syndrome.
We included 15 trials involving 3057 participants in this review. Of the 15 included trials, 10 appeared in our 2012 review, and five (631 participants) are legacy trials from merging two reviews. No new studies were included from searches for this update. Overall, risk of bias was low. Antibiotics can shorten time to cure, but only 5 to 11 more people per 100 will be cured faster if they receive antibiotics instead of placebo or no treatment: clinical diagnosis (high-quality evidence), and diagnosis confirmed by radiography (moderate quality evidence). Cure rates with antibiotics were higher when a fluid level or total opacification in any sinus was found on computed tomography. Purulent secretion resolved faster with antibiotics. However, 13 more people experienced side effects with antibiotics compared to placebo (no treatment). Five fewer people in 100 will experience clinical failure if they are treated with antibiotics, but this benefit needs to be seen in the context of the risk of side effects. A disease-related complication (brain abscess) occurred in one participant (of 3057) one week after receiving open antibiotic therapy (clinical failure, control group). The potential benefit of antibiotics to treat acute rhinosinusitis diagnosed either clinically or confirmed by imaging is marginal. Considering antibiotic resistance, and the very low incidence of serious complications, we conclude there is no place for antibiotics for people with uncomplicated acute rheumatoid arthritis. We could not draw conclusions about children, people with suppressed immune systems, and those with severe sinusitis, because these populations were not included in the available trials.
The review of trials found that D2 lymphadenectomy can improve DSS in patients with cancer of the stomach, although the increased incidence of postoperative mortality reduces its therapeutic benefit.
This review found that oral naltrexone did not perform better than treatment with placebo or no pharmacological agents with respect to the number of participants re-incarcerated during the study period. However, the percentage of people retained in treatment in the included studies is low (28%). The conclusion of this review is that the studies conducted so far have not allowed an adequate evaluation of the efficacy and safety of this treatment for opioid dependence. Consequently, maintenance therapy with naltrerexone cannot yet be considered a treatment which has been scientifically proved to be superior to other kinds of treatment.
We included two studies in this review. Both were part of the same large multicentre trial and included people with dementia and people with or without dementia and Parkinson's disease. The first study, a cross-over trial, investigated the immediate effects on aspiration of two viscosities of liquids (nectar thick and honey thick) compared to regular liquids in 351 participants with dementia using videofluoroscopy. Regular liquids with a chin down head posture, as well as regular liquids without any intervention were also compared. The second study, parallel designed RCT, compared the effect of changing the consistency of fluids with nectar or honey thick liquids over a three-month period in 260 participants. Outcomes were pneumonia and adverse intervention effects. Honey thick liquids, which are more consistent with descriptors for'spoon thick' or 'extremely thick' liquids, showed a more positive impact on immediate elimination of aspiration of aspiration during videofluoloscopy, but this consistency showed more adverse effects in the second follow-up study. There were a greater number of incidents of pneumonia in participants receiving honey thick fluids than those receiving nectar thick liquids or taking regular liquids with chin down posture. Neither trial addressed quality of life. We are uncertain about the immediate and long-term effects of changing fluids for swallowing difficulties in dementia as too few studies have been completed. There may be differences in outcomes depending on the grade of thickness of fluids and the sequence of interventions trialled in videofluooscopy for people who have dementia. Clinicians should be aware that while thickening fluids may have an immediate positive effect on swallowing, the effects of thickened fluids on the health of the person with dementia should be considered. Further high-quality clinical trials are required. Risk of bias for both studies is high.
This review included six randomised controlled trials with a total of 788 women. The largest of these trials included 396 women eligible for this review. The evidence is current to September 2013. The review found no evidence of a statistically significant difference between natural cycle IVF and standard IVF in live birth rates, OHSS, clinical pregnancy, ongoing pregnancy, multiple pregnancy, gestational abnormalities or cycle cancellations. Findings for pregnancy rate and for cycle cancellation were sensitive to the choice of statistical model: for these outcomes, use of a fixed effect model suggested a benefit for the IVF group. One trial reported that the oocyte retrieval rate was significantly lower in the natural cycle group. There were insufficient data to draw any conclusions about rates of treatment cancellation. Further evidence from well conducted large trials is awaited. Outcomes should include cumulative live birth and pregnancy rates, the number of treatment cycles necessary to reach live birth, treatment costs and adverse effects. The quality of the evidence was limited by imprecision. Moreover the largest trial has not yet completed follow up, though data have been reported for over 95% of women.
We included a total of 984 participants from 12 studies (23 references) in this review. We included only those involved in Tai Chi and the control group (i.e. 811 participants) in the final analysis. Study sample size ranged from 10 to 206, and mean age ranged from 61 to 74 years. Programmes lasted for six weeks to one year. All included studies were randomised controlled trials (RCTs). Three studies used allocation concealment, six reported blinded outcome assessors and three studies adopted an intention-to-treat approach to statistical analysis. No adverse events were reported. Tai Chi demonstrated a longer six-minute walk distance (mean difference (MD) 29.64 metres, 95% confidence interval (CI) 10.52 to 48.77 metres; participants = 318; I2 = 59%) and better pulmonary function in post-programme data. However, the effects of Tai Chi in reducing dyspnoea level and improving quality of life remain inconclusive. Evidence of very low to moderate quality suggests better functional capacity and pulmonary function for Tai Chi versus usual care. When Tai Chi was compared with other interventions alone, Tai Chi did not show superiority and showed no additional effects on symptom improvement nor on physical and psychosocial function improvement in people with COPD. With the diverse style and number of forms being adopted in different studies, the most beneficial protocol of a particular Tai Chi style could not be commented upon.
We included 72 trials that involved 2470 participants. This review includes 35 new studies in addition to the studies included in the previous version of this review. Study sample sizes were generally small and interventions varied in terms of both the goals of treatment and the virtual reality devices used. The risk of bias present in many studies was unclear due to poor reporting. Thus, while there are a large number of randomised controlled trials, the evidence remains mostly low quality when rated using the GRADE system. We found evidence that the use of virtual reality and interactive video gaming was not more beneficial than conventional therapy approaches in improving upper limb function. However, when virtual reality was used as an adjunct to usual care (providing a higher dose of therapy for those in the intervention group) there was a statistically significant difference between groups (low-quality evidence). Results were not statistically significant when comparing virtual reality to conventional therapy. There was a trend suggesting that higher dose (more than 15 hours of total intervention) was preferable as were customised virtual reality programs; however, these findings were not significant. We were unable to pool results for cognitive function, participation restriction, or quality of life. Twenty-three studies reported that they monitored for adverse events; across these studies there were few adverse events and those reported were relatively mild. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate.
We identified five randomised controlled trials (1330 participants) of fluoroquinolones added to standard treatment for drug-sensitive TB. A single trial (174 participants) added levofloxacin to the standard first-line regimen. Relapse and treatment failure were not reported. For death, sputum conversion, and adverse events we are uncertain if there is an effect (one trial, very low quality evidence for all three outcomes). Three trials (723 participants) substituted ethambutol (a drug used to treat TB) with moxifloxacidine, gatifloxinacin (an antiepileptic drug), and ofloxaxel (an anti-tuberculosis drug) into the standard treatment regimen. No trials reported on treatment failure. We do not know if there was an effect for death or relapse, or serious adverse events (three trials, 723 participants). For relapse, we are not sure if there are any differences between the addition or substitution of fluorquinolone treatment with isoniazid (one study, 433 participants). No trials examined regimens of less than six months duration. Six trials are currently in progress testing shorter regimens. There is insufficient evidence to be clear whether adding or replacing the drug is effective in reducing the risk of death or relapses, or increasing the rate of culture conversion at eight weeks. We rated the quality of the evidence as very low for all outcomes.
