This review found 38 studies involving 7843 children. Asthma education aimed at children, their parents or both can reduce the number of children who visit the emergency department for an acute asthma attack. There was also a reduction in the frequency of unscheduled doctor visits. However, there was not enough data to be sure that this effect was maintained over the long-term.
We included 130 studies with 8341 participants in this review. The evidence is current to August 2018. We did not stratify the main analysis by type of surgery or any other factor, such as dose or timing of ketamine administration, and used a non-stratified analysis. We found that intravenous ketamine reduced pain at rest and pain during movement by 5/100 mm on a visual analogue scale (high-quality evidence), and by 22% on the same scale at 48 hours (high quality evidence). Pain during movement was reduced by 16% on a scale of 0 to 100 mm (moderate-quality and low-quality results, respectively) and by 14% on an equal scale (16% and 14% with ketamine) at 24 hours and 48 hours, and by 6% on both scales (moderate and low quality evidence, respectively). We found evidence that ketamine reduces postoperative nausea and vomiting from 27% with placebo to 23% of participants receiving ketamine. The number needed to treat to prevent one episode of nausea or vomiting was reduced from 37% to 24% (moderate quality evidence) and from 6% to 14% (low quality evidence), respectively. Ketamine reduced postoperative opioid consumption by 13 mg on a 0.5 mg to 1.5 µg/kg/minute scale (moderate to high quality evidence; moderate-quality studies). Ketamine also reduced the area of postoperative hyperalgesia by 7 cm² (very low to low quality of evidence). We downgraded the quality of the evidence once if numbers of participants were large but small-study effects were present, or twice if numbers were small and small-studies were likely but testing not possible.
This review found five trials of MSP/RESA vaccine with 217 participants. All five reported on safety, and two on efficacy. No severe or systemic adverse effects were reported. One small efficacy trial with 17 non-immune participants showed no reduction in the growth of blood-stage parasites. In the second efficacy trial in 120 children aged five to nine years in Papua New Guinea, the number of children with clinical malaria was not reduced, but MSP-RESA significantly reduced the parasite density. Infections with the 3D7 parasite subtype (MSP2) were reduced, while those with FC27 were not. The effect of the vaccine is MSP2-specific.
This review identified four studies, which involved 125 participants. Three studies evaluated the effects of pulsed electromagnetic fields, and one study, of capacitive coupled electric fields. All studies were conducted in the USA. Participants with delayed union and non-union of the long bones were included, but most of the data related to the tibia. Although all studies were blinded randomised placebo-controlled trials, each study had limitations. The primary measure of the clinical effectiveness of electromagnetic field stimulation was the proportion of participants whose fractures had united at a fixed time point. The overall pooled effect size was small and not statistically significant (4 trials). There was substantial clinical and statistical heterogeneity in this pooled analysis (I2 = 58%). A sensitivity analysis conducted to determine the effect of multiple follow-up time-points on the heterogeneity amongst the studies showed that the effect size remained non-significant at 24 weeks. There was no reduction in pain found in two trials. No study reported functional outcome measures. One trial reported two minor complications resulting from treatment. More definitive conclusions on treatment effect await further well-conducted randomised controlled trials.
This review included 12 randomised clinical trials with a total of 1831 patients. Nine trials included patients undergoing elective laparoscopic cholecystectomy. One trial included people undergoing an elective operation to remove the gall bladder. The average age of people in the trials ranged between 48 and 63 years in the 10 trials that provided this information. The proportion of females ranged between 55.0% and 79.0%. There was no significant difference between the drain group (1/840) and the 'no drain' group (2/841) in short-term mortality in the ten trials with 1681 participants reporting on this outcome. There were no significant differences between the two groups in the proportion of patients who died in the short term or in the number of serious adverse events in each group reported by eight trials with 1286 participants. There was a significant difference in the length of hospital stay between the groups (five trials; 449 participants). The operating time was significantly longer in the drain groups than in the no drain groups (seven trials; 775 participants). One trial involving 100 participants did not provide any information on the return to normal activity and return to work. The quality of life of the participants was not significantly different between groups (one trial; 93 participants). There was also no difference between groups in terms of the number who were discharged from the hospital as day-procedure laparoscopically. There is currently no evidence to support the routine use of drain after laparectal cholecervical surgery. Further well designed randomised trials are necessary.
This review of trials found no evidence to support the objective use of Chinese herbal medicines for the treatment of peripheral neuropathy. Most of the trials were of low quality. There was inadequate reporting on side effects in the included trials. The trials did not mention how they monitored side effects. Based on this review, there is no evidence from trials to support or refute the use of these herbal medicines.
This review included five randomized controlled trials involving 1382 patients. All the included studies had small numbers of patients and were of short duration. Few events were reported and did not assess the effects of IAS on disease-specific or metastatic disease. Only one study (N = 77) evaluated biochemical outcome. A subgroup analysis found no difference between IAS and CAS for Gleason scores 4 - 6, 7, 8 - 10. For patients with a Gleason score > 6, the IAS group showed a reduction in biochemical progression. One trial (43 patients) found no clear difference in adverse effects (gastrointestinal, gynecomastia, asthenia and asthenialysis) between the two groups. Limited information from one trial suggests IAS may be slightly less likely to cause side effects than CAS. Overall, IAS was as good as CAS for potency, but was better during the interval of cycles. Data from RCTs comparing IAS to CAS are limited by small sample size and short-term duration.
We identified 12 randomised controlled trials involving 7,119 women. Five trials randomised to either immediate or delayed insertion of IUD. One of them randomised women to immediate (insertion of an IUD immediately) versus delayed insertion. The evidence is current to August 2015. The quality of the evidence was moderate. One trial randomising women to the levonorgestrel IUD or Nova T showed discontinuation rates due to pregnancy were higher for women in the Nova T group. The use and expulsion of intrauterine system or CuT380A was more likely for immediate insertion compared to delayed insertion (3 studies; 878 women) and (2 studies; 2257 women) respectively. Another trial randomised a group of women to use the Lippes Loop or the TCu 220C and found that pregnancy was less likely immediately after insertion of the IUD (two studies; 2,274 women). In other work, adding copper sleeves improved efficacy and reduced expulsion (one study; 400 women). The evidence was of moderate quality. Moderate quality evidence shows that insertion of a IUD right after abortion is safe and practical. However, at six months postabortion, IUD use is higher following immediate insertion than after delayed insertion, but the evidence is of moderate to low quality.
We included only one small trial published as an abstract article. Ninety-one participants were enrolled in the study, but only 42 remained in the trial throughout the six-month follow up period. There was no information about the age and sex of the study population. We found a high risk for bias due to missing data. The trial found that meditation practice might be beneficial for patients with leukaemia, with higher scores for those in the mediation arms compared to the usual care group. Levels of depression decreased for those practising meditation, both in the spiritual-framed meditation group and in the 'usual care' group. However, there was no evidence on the effect of meditation practice on survival, fatigue, anxiety, quality of sleep and adverse events. The quality of the evidence was low. We judged the overall quality of evidence as'very low'. This means that we are very uncertain as to whether or not the results are reliable. More high quality trials are needed to determine the effects of meditation in haematological malignancies.
We identified three trials involving 110 healthy children who were siblings of household contacts. The trials varied in study quality, vaccine used, length of follow-up and outcome measures measured. We found no RCTs for adolescents or adults. Overall, 13 out of 56 vaccine recipients (23%) developed varicella, and 42 out of 54 placebo (or no vaccine) recipients (78%). Of the vaccine recipients, the majority had mild (no more than 50 skin lesions) disease. In the three trials, most participants received PEP within three days following exposure; too few participants were vaccinated four to five days post-exposure to ascertain the efficacy of vaccine given more than three days after exposure. No included trial reported on adverse events following immunisation. These small trials suggest that giving a single dose of PEP to children following household contact with a case of varicellosis reduces infection rates and severity of cases. However, safety was not adequately addressed.
We included 12 randomised controlled trials, with 4704 participants, in this review. Eleven trials performed a total of 16 head-to-head comparisons of different prophylactic antibiotic treatments. There were no differences in the proportion of people who developed MRSA infections in any of the comparisons. The trials were at high risk of bias. All the trials were conducted in the USA. The overall all-cause mortality in four trials that reported mortality was 14/1401 (1.0%) and there were no significant differences in mortality between the intervention and control groups in each of the individual comparisons. None of the trials reported quality of life, total length of hospital stay or the use of healthcare resources. Overall, 221/4032 (5.5%) people developed SSIs due to all organisms, and 46/4704 (1%) people had MRSA due to MRSA. In the 15 comparisons that compared one antibiotic regimen with another, there was no significant difference in the percentage of people with MRSA infection. The single trial that compared an antibiotic regimen versus placebo found that the number of people developing SSIs was significantly lower in the group that received antibiotics with co-amoxiclav (or cefotaxime if allergic to penicillin) compared with placebo (all SSI: RR 0.26; 95% CI 0.11 to 0.65). In two trials that compared MRSA-related serious adverse events with placebo, 19/478 (4% of people) people developed infections other than SSI, including SSI (SSI, chest infection and bacteraemia) in these two comparisons. No significant differences were found between the groups in terms of serious adverse event rates. There is currently no other evidence to suggest that using a combination of multiple antibiotics or an increased duration of antibiotics is of benefit to people undergoing surgery. Well designed RCTs assessing the clinical effectiveness of different antibiotic regimens are necessary on this topic.
We included two trials (116 women) comparing planned home care versus hospital care for PPROM. Overall, the number of included women in each trial was too small to allow us to assess the effects of the two groups. Investigators used strict inclusion criteria and in both studies relatively few of the pregnant women presenting with pre-natal peri-pregnant pelvic floor muscle pain were eligible for inclusion. In one trial, there was not enough evidence to be able to determine whether the risk of death of the baby was different between groups. In the other trial, women were monitored for 48 to 72 hours before starting home care. There was some evidence that women managed at home were more likely to have a caesarean section than those who were cared for in the hospital. Mothers who were care at home spent approximately 10 fewer days as inpatients and were more satisfied with their care. Home care resulted in lower costs. The review found two relatively small studies that did not have large enough numbers of women to detect meaningful differences between groups for the outcomes of interest. Future large, well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to measure differences between the groups for relevant pre-specified outcome. Special attention should be given to the assessment of mothers’ satisfaction with care and cost analysis. These will have both social and economic implications in both developed and developing countries.
The two methods of skin closure for caesarean that have been most often compared, and these are non-absorbable and absorbable sutures. Compared with absorbable subcutaneous suture, the two types of staples are similar in terms of wound infection. Other important outcomes (wound infection and wound complication) were also similar. However, it is worth noting, that staples may have a differential effect, depending on the type of skin incision. If staples are removed on day three, there is a higher risk of skin separation and reclosure.
We found 11 randomised controlled studies with a total of 821 participants. Seven trials examined a green tea intervention and four examined a black tea intervention. Dosage and form of both green and black tea appeared to be similar in the trials. The ongoing trial is examining the effects of green tea capsules. The results of this review suggest that green tea may reduce CVD risk factors, but the results should be treated with some caution as there were only a small number of trials contributing to each analysis, and studies were at risk of bias. Green tea was also found to reduce blood pressure and total cholesterol. The effects of both tea types were found to be favourable. However, these results need to be interpreted with caution due to the small numbers of trials that contributed to the analysis. There were no major adverse effects of the intervention.
The review authors identified two small trials recruiting 23 participants. These studies did not find any clear evidence to support the use of azathioprine in the treatment of chronic asthma. One study showed an improvement in lung function, but this result is uncertain. No data on oral steroid consumption were reported. There were concerns over the small sample sizes and poor quality of the included studies.
We identified 56 studies (4068 participants) for inclusion in this review. The majority of studies were carried out in people with breast cancer (28 studies). The findings of the updated review have enabled a more precise conclusion to be made. Exercise on fatigue can be regarded as beneficial for people with cancer-related fatigue both during and after cancer treatment. Benefits of exercise on fatigue were observed for people who received an exercise intervention during or post-adjuvant cancer therapy. In relation to diagnosis, we found benefits of exercise for breast and prostate cancer but not for those with blood cancers. We found that aerobic exercise reduced tiredness in those with solid tumours. However, we did not find any evidence for the effects of other forms of exercise. Further research is needed to determine the best way to carry out an exercise programme.
We searched scientific databases for clinical trials that compared the effects of first-line treatment with advanced HL. We found five eligible trials, which included 3427 people. These trials included only adults (16 to 65 years of age). We included all five trials with 3427 participants in the meta-analysis. The trials were conducted in Germany, Italy and Belgium. The overall risk of bias was low for survival (OS) but was high for other outcomes, as patients were not blinded to the treatment they were receiving. All trials reported results for OS (OS). The evidence is current to May 2014. The addition of results from the EORTC 20012 trial showed that patients treated with advanced BEACOPP escalated increased their survival from 3142 participants to 3142 after five years. This means that only 90 (70 to 117) patients will die after five-year follow-up compared to 120 in the ABVD arm. This survival advantage is also reflected in an increased progression-free survival (PFS) of 3142 patients (moderate-quality evidence). However, the observation time of the studies included in the review is too short to be expected to demonstrate differences with respect to second solid tumours which would not be expected until around 15 years after treatment. Five trials reported adverse events and the analysis shows that the escalated BEACOP regimens probably causes more haematological toxicities WHO grade III or IV ((anaemia: 2425 participants, RR 10.67 (95% CI 7.14 to 15.93); neutropenia: 519 participants; thrombocytopenia (a blood clotting disorder); infections: 24 25 participants; and MDS (a type of blood cancer that affects the lining of the blood vessels)) than in the control arm. There is no evidence for a difference for treatment-related mortality. Only one trial planned to assess quality of life, however, no results were reported. We are very uncertain how
We searched scientific databases for clinical trials that compared the effectiveness of interventions to improve the quality of life of patients with cancer. We included studies in which participants were randomly assigned to receive one of two or more types of interventions. We found fifteen studies that met our inclusion criteria. Most studies were conducted in high income countries and most of them were aimed at patients with breast cancer. Two studies involved a psycho-educational intervention, which included teaching self-care behaviours. We did not find any studies on vocational interventions. In one study, patients were given a physical training programme, which did not appear to be more effective than care as usual. In all studies a less radical, functioning conserving approach was compared with a more radical treatment. The quality of the evidence was low or moderate, depending on the type of treatment. This means that the true effect of the intervention may be quite different from what we found. We judged six studies to be at a high risk of bias, and nine to be of low risk.
We included four trials involving more than 13,000 women in this review. The trials were conducted in the UK and Ireland. Three trials were funded by the hospitals where the trials took place and one trial in the Scottish government. One trial is still ongoing. We found no new trials in this update. Results reported in the 2012 review remain unchanged. The findings of this review support recommendations that the admission CTG not be used for women who are low risk on admission in labour. The studies were assessed as low risk of bias. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to very low. The evidence suggests that women admitted to hospital with low-risk pregnancies should not have the CTG. This would include a cohort of women who were not included in the current trials. Furthermore, the probability of caesarean section is likely to increase by approximately 20%. The data did not show a clear difference between women who had CTG and those who did not. There was no clear difference in the number of deaths in the perinatal or instrumental birth, or in other important outcomes, such as caesarian section rates. There were no clear differences between groups in other outcomes such as the incidence of brain damage in the newborn period (very low-quality evidence), or in brain injury in the baby. The results of the review should be interpreted with caution. The usefulness of the findings in developing countries will depend on the use of FHR monitoring practices.
We included 32 studies in this review. Seventeen studies randomised 3666 women, three randomised cycles (total 1018) and twelve randomised oocytes (15,230) in total. It was not possible to combine any of the data from the studies because each study compared different media. Only seven of the studies reported live birth or ongoing pregnancy. Four of these studies found no evidence of a difference between the media used. Six studies reported clinical pregnancy rate. One of these found that for cle-stage embryo transfer, the culture medium, Quinn's Advantage, had higher clinical pregnancy rates than G5. This study, however, was published only as an abstract, and so the quality of the evidence was low. None of them reported on the health of the babies. Most studies (22/32) failed to report the source of funding. None described their methodology in adequate detail. With regards to adverse effects, three studies reported multiple pregnancies, and six studies reported miscarriage. There was no evidence to support or refute the use of any culture medium. We conclude that there is not enough evidence from randomised controlled trials to determine the best culture medium for embryo transfer.
This review aimed to examine the effectiveness of methods of communicating a diagnosis of breast cancer. However, there were no randomised controlled trials which compared methods of communication with each other. The review authors have considered that it is perhaps not ethical to randomise women at such a time when they are waiting for a diagnosis. As some of the papers reviewed by the authors related to the first consultation visit, where the choice of treatment is discussed, it would be useful to have a review which focused on the ways in which the two groups of women can communicate.
We included 17 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 1006 participants. The evidence is current to September 2013. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, New South Wales, New Jersey, New York, New Hampshire, New England, New Mexico, New Scotland, Newcastle, Newy England, and the United Kingdom. The interventions included a cognitive-behavioural framework (CBT), hypnosis (hypnosis is a psychological therapy that focuses on changing thoughts and behaviours to change the way people think and behave) and relaxation techniques (such as relaxation techniques). The interventions were compared with a control group that did not receive the intervention. We found that CBT reduced the frequency of chest pain in the first three months following the intervention, but there was no evidence of effect of treatment on chest pain frequency from three to nine months afterwards. There was also a significant increase in the number of days without chest pain-free days up to three months after the intervention: mean difference (MD) 3.00 (95% CI 0.23 to 5.77). Hypnotherapy is also a possible alternative. However, these conclusions are limited by high heterogeneity in many of the results and low numbers of participants in individual studies. Further RCTs of psychological interventions for NSCP with follow-up periods of at least 12 months are needed. This Cochrane review suggests a modest to moderate benefit for psychological interventions, particularly those using a CBT-based framework, which was largely restricted to the first period of the intervention (three months after treatment). However, there was high heterogeneity and caution is required in interpreting these results. The wide variability in secondary outcome measures made it difficult to interpret the findings from studies. In addition, in three studies the blinding of participants was expressly forbidden by the local ethics committee because of issues in obtaining fully informed consent. For this reason, all studies had a high
We identified 30 trials with a total of 4344 participants randomised, with 17 different antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers. The trials evaluated the effects of these drugs on symptoms and signs of allergic conjunctivitis. There were no long-term data on their efficacy. We found that all reported topical antihistamine and mast Cell Stabilisers reduce symptoms and the signs of allergy in the short term. However, there is no evidence to support the use of these treatments in the long term. There was some evidence to suggest that antihistamines and mast cells stabilisers appear to be safe and well tolerated. The quality of the studies and reporting was variable, but overall we judged the risk of bias to be low.
This review aimed to assess the effectiveness of community-based programmes aimed at preventing tobacco use amongst Indigenous youth. The aim of the review was to assess whether these programmes were effective in reducing tobacco use. The review found two studies that met the inclusion criteria. The two included studies were based in Native American populations (1505 participants). One study found no difference in weekly smoking at 42 months follow-up. The second study found a positive change in tobacco use at post test in the intervention arm at six month follow up. Both studies were rated as being at high or unclear risk of bias. Based on these findings, a conclusion cannot be drawn as to the efficacy of tobacco prevention programs tailored to the specific needs of Indigenous youth, but more research is needed. Smoking prevalence in Indigenous youth is more than twice that of the non-Indigenous population. As such, a significant health gap exists where Indigenous populations, a minority, are over-represented in the burden of smoking-related illness and death.
The review included one trial involving 72 women with sickle cell anaemia. The trial was at unclear risk of bias. Overall, the results were imprecise. The included trial reported no maternal deaths in women who received either prophylactic blood transfusion (blood transfusion to prevent blood loss) or selective transfusion. The evidence is up-to-date as of August 2015. The available data and quality of evidence on this subject are insufficient to advocate for a change in existing clinical practice and policy. Currently, there is no evidence from randomised or quasi-randomised trials to provide reliable advice on the optimal blood transfusions policy for women with other variants of sickle cells (i.e. HbSC and HbSβThal). The available evidence is insufficient to support the routine use of blood transfused blood for prevention of blood loss in pregnant women with HbSS. Evidence from one small trial of very low quality suggests no clear clinical benefits of giving blood to prevent bleeding in the mother and baby when compared with giving blood from the same vein. Other relevant maternal outcomes pre-specified for this review, such as cumulative duration of hospital stay, postpartum haemorrhage and iron overload, and infant outcomes, admission to neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) and haemolytic disease of the newborn, were not reported by the trial.
We found 67 randomised clinical trials involving a total of 6197 participants. The evidence is current to August 2016. A total of 5771 participants from 64 trials provided data for one or more outcomes included in this review. All the trials were at high risk of bias. There was no evidence of differences in most of the comparisons, and where there was, these differences were in single trials, mostly of small sample size. We summarise only the evidence that was available in more than one trial below. Of the primary outcomes, the only one with evidence of a difference was in the number of adverse events (complications), which was higher with radiofrequency dissecting sealer than with the clamp-crush method. The proportion of people requiring a blood transfusion (proportion) was higher in the low central venous pressure group than in the acute normovolemic haemodilution plus low central blood pressure group (low-quality evidence). In addition, it should be noted that the sample size was small and the risk of harm was wide, and we cannot be certain that one method of liver resection is better than another. Among the secondary outcomes, there were no differences between the two groups of participants in terms of the proportion of blood transfusions, the total hospital stay, or the operating time. None of the trials reported health-related quality of life or time needed to return to work. There is no evidence to suggest that using special equipment for liver resecting is of any benefit in decreasing the mortality, morbidity, or red blood cell transfusion requirements (very low quality evidence). The quality of the evidence was very low for all of the main outcomes. The main limitation was the small number of trials and the small numbers of participants.
The aim of this review was to determine the best treatment for PPP. The review includes 23 trials involving 724 people. There is evidence supporting the use of systemic retinoids (improvement rate difference 44%, 95 CI 28 to 59%), oral PUVA (44% improvement rate difference) and PUVA combined with other treatments (44%, 95CI 26 to 62%). However, a combination of PUVA and retinoid is better than the individual treatments. The use of topical steroid under hydrocolloid occlusion is beneficial. It would also appear that low dose ciclosporin, tetracycline antibiotics and Grenz Ray Therapy may be useful in treating PPP, although it is unclear if it is effective. Colchicine has a lot of side effects. There was no evidence to suggest that short-term treatment with hydroxycarbamide (hydroxyurea) was effective. Many different interventions were reported to produce "improvement" in PPP but there is, however, no standardised method for assessing response to treatment, and reductions in pustule counts or other empirical semi-quantitative scoring systems may be of little relevance to the patient. This review has shown that the ideal treatment for the treatment of PPP remains elusive and that the standards of study design and reporting need to be improved to inform patients and those treating them of the relative merits of the many treatments available to them.
We found nine trials that evaluated the blood pressure-lowering effect of five drugs in 460 people with a blood pressure of 162/103 mmHg. The drugs were furosemide 40 mg to 60 mg, cicletanine 100 mg to 150 mg, pire tanide 3 mg to 6 mg, indacrinone (2.5 mg to -10.0/10.2 mg) and etozolin 200 mg. The trials lasted 8.8 weeks. The best estimate of systolic/diastolic blood pressure lowering effect was -7.9 (-10.4 to -5.4) mmHG/ -4.4 (-5.9 to -2.8) mm Hg. Withdrawals due to side effects and serum biochemical changes did not show a significant difference. The dose-ranging effects of loop diuretics could not be evaluated. We found no evidence that any of the drugs had an effect on blood pressure. The review did not provide a good estimate of harms due to the short duration of the trials and the lack of reports of side effects. We graded the quality of evidence as "low" due to high risk of bias of the studies and the risk of publication bias.
We included 58 trials, of which 48 trials with 2849 participants randomised to intraperitoneal local anaesthetic instillation (1558 participants) versus control (1291 participants) contributed data to one or more of the outcomes of the review. All the trials except one trial with 30 participants were at high risk of bias. Most of the trials included people who were not anaesthetic-risk. There was no mortality in either group in the eight trials that reported deaths. One participant in each group experienced the outcome of serious illness. There were no serious complications in the trials. None of the studies reported on quality of life. The length of hospital stay was 0.04 days in the control group. The pain scores were lower at four to eight hours in the group receiving local anaesthesia, and at nine to 24 hours in both groups. The quality of the evidence was very low for all the outcomes. There is very low quality evidence that it reduces pain in people who are low anaesthetic risk. However, the size of this reduction in pain is unknown. Serious complications were rare. The effect on the proportion of people discharged as day surgery was imprecise. The evidence is up to date as of April 2015. Further randomised clinical trials of low risk of systematic errors and random errors are necessary. Such trials should include important clinical outcomes such as quality of lives and time to return to work in their assessment.
We identified 74 studies that evaluated the sensitivity and specificity of all RDTs. We grouped studies according to the antigens they detected. Types 1 to 3 included HRP-2 (fromP. falciparum) either by itself or in combination with other antibodies. Types 4 and 5 included pLDH (from P. falcinum) by itself or combined with other antibodies. In comparisons with microscopy, we identified 71 evaluations of Type 1 tests, eight evaluations of type 2 tests and five evaluations of types 3 and 4 tests. Overall, we found that the sensitivity of all three types of RDT was such that they can replace or extend the access of diagnostic services for uncomplicated P. malaria patients. The number of people wrongly diagnosed with malaria was 94.8% (93.1% to 96.1%) and 95.2% (93.5% to 97.2%) for Type 1 and 96.0% (94.0%) (93% to 99.3%) for type 2 and 99.5 (99.5%) (99.2) (93%) (96.7% to 100.4%) tests, respectively. For Type 3 tests, the average sensitivity of the tests was 91.5%, and the average specificity was 98.7%. For Type 4 tests, average sensitivity was 91% (84.7%) and average specificity was 98.5%. For Type 5 tests, average sensitivity was 95.4% (95.1%), and the mean specificity was 97.5. For both categories of test, there was substantial heterogeneity in study results. Quality of the microscopy reference standard could only be assessed in 40% of studies due to inadequate reporting, but results did not seem to be influenced by the reporting quality. If the point estimates for Type and Type 4 test are applied to a hypothetical cohort of 1000 patients where 30% of
We found five studies that tested short-term changes in the length of consultation time for each patient. All were conducted in the UK, and all were funded by government agencies. Overall, our confidence in the results was very low. Most of the studies had a high risk of bias. This means that we cannot be certain of the results. We are uncertain whether altering appointment length increases the number of primary care visits, number of referrals and investigations, prescriptions, or patient satisfaction. The studies did not report on the effects of the changes on the use of resources. We did not find enough evidence to support or refute a policy of changing primary care doctor's appointment length. It is possible that this may change if more high-quality trials are reported. Further trials are needed that focus on health outcomes and cost-effectiveness.
This review identified only three small trials that compared high dose and low dose stavudine. All three trials were conducted in developed countries and none from developing countries. A total of 157 participants were recruited to the trials. The trials were at a high risk of bias due to the way they were conducted and reported. There was no significant difference in virologic suppression in the included studies. There were some differences between the studies, including triglyceride levels in two of the three studies, body mass index (BMD) in one study, and body weight in the high dose arm. Symptomatic hyperlactatemia (low blood lactate) was seen in one high dose study and not in the other two studies. The studies did not show that any participants discontinued treatment due to adverse events. The results of the trials were imprecise. The review found that there was no clear advantage for low or high dose use of high dose or no clear difference in the safety of low dose and high dose of the drug. Furthermore, all the participants were ART experienced and so the results of this review should not be generalized to settings where high dose is currently used.
We included 10 trials with a total of 1658 participants in this review. Six of the trials included recruitment manoeuvres as part of an open lung ventilation strategy that was different from the control group in aspects of the recruitment manoeuvre. The other five trials included a strategy that differed from that of the control (such as mode of ventilation, different ways of breathing, and a lower tidal volume). Six studies reported death outcomes. We found five trials to be at low risk of bias, and five to be of moderate quality. We downgraded the quality of the evidence to low, as most of the studies provided co-interventions as part to an open-lung strategy, and this might have influenced the results. A recruitment strategy that included recruiting people with ARDS reduced the risk of death from any cause in the intensive care unit and in the hospital, but had no effect on 28-day and hospital deaths. Data revealed no differences in risk of barotrauma. We rated the overall quality of evidence as low.
This review aimed to assess the effectiveness of relaxation therapy in the treatment of asthma. We found 15 studies, involving 687 participants. The quality of the included studies was poor. Three studies measured our primary outcome but individually did not report differences between treatment and control. The use of 'as needed' medications was reduced in two studies. There was no difference in FEV1 for relaxation therapy. Quality of life, measured using the Asthma Quality of Life Questionnaire, showed a positive effect following CBT. The findings between the studies were conflicting. This may have been due to the different types of treatments used and the deficiencies in the design of the studies. This review was not able to draw firm conclusions for the role of psychological interventions in asthma, as there is not enough evidence. Larger, well-conducted and well-reported trials are needed in this area.
This review aimed to assess the effectiveness and tolerability of antidepressants and benzodiazepines in people with panic disorder. Thirty-five studies, including 6785 participants, were included. We found no difference between the two medications in terms of response rate, but we found some evidence suggesting that serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) are more tolerated than TCAs (when looking at the number of side effects). We did not find a difference between individual benzodiazapines. We did find that there was a higher dropout rate for people who took benzodizapine compared to people taking antidepressants, but the evidence was of low quality. The majority of studies did not report details on how they were carried out, and it was not possible to be certain that the people taking part in the studies were aware of which drug they were taking. We also found no evidence that there were any differences in side effects between the medications. The quality of the evidence for the main outcomes was very low. This means that we cannot be certain about the results. We recommend that more research is carried out comparing the efficacy and side effects of these medications. This research should be of high-quality, and should be conducted with high-methodological standards. It should use practical outcome measures to give clinicians with useful and practical data.
Twenty-nine trials, that enrolled over 1,700 participants with pancreatic carcinoma, were included. Three trials compared plastic stents to surgery. Endoscopic stenting with a plastic stent was associated with a reduced risk of complications, but with a higher risk of recurrence of obstruction prior to death. There was a trend towards lower risk of 30-day mortality with plastic stenting. One study compared metal stents with surgery. Nine studies compared metal to plastic stented devices. The addition of an anti-reflux valve made the use of Teflon stents more effective. The risk of technical failure, therapeutic failure, and complications were not significantly different. There were no differences between the two types of stents in terms of quality of life, technical failure or complications. The review concluded that endoscopic stents are the intervention of choice at present in patients with malignant distal obstructive jaundice due to pancreatic cancer. In patients with short predicted survival, their patency benefits may not be realised. Further RCTs are needed to determine the optimal stent type for these patients.
We included five randomised controlled trials with 444 arterial cannulations in paediatric participants. Four of the five studies used ultrasound guidance, and one used Doppler auditory assistance. We found that ultrasound guidance improves first-time success rates and decreases the rate of complications. We also found that the success rate at the first attempt may be higher in infants and small children, in whom an arterial line is more challenging, than in older children. We did not find any studies that compared ultrasound guidance with palpation, and we could not tell whether ultrasound guidance had an effect on the first first attempt. We rated the quality of evidence for all outcomes as moderate. This was due to the small number of studies, small sample sizes and limited numbers of events. The quality of the evidence in this review was downgraded due to imprecision.
We included one small randomised trial (80 male student participants conducted in 2009) and three studies (general population studies in general population in the 1970s and 80s). The RCT found that young men who were exposed to movies with a low- or neutral content drank less than men exposed to high- or high-alcohol content. The results from the three ITS studies were inconsistent. Each of the three studies evaluated a different type of ban (partial or full) compared with different degrees of restrictions or no restrictions. In the study that compared a total ban on all forms of alcohol advertising to a partial ban on spirits advertising, we found that the volume of sales of alcohol decreased by 11.11 kilolitres per month. In this model, beer and wine sales increased by 14.89 and 1.15 kilolitre per month respectively. No adverse effects were reported in the included studies. None of the studies were funded by the alcohol industry. There is a lack of good-quality evidence for or against banning alcohol advertising. The quality of the evidence was very low due to the small number of studies and participants, and the fact that the results were imprecise.
This review of trials found no evidence of difference between MCT and LCT on the short-term growth and development. There is conflicting data (two studies) as to whether high MCT formula is more or less likely to cause babies to reject the formula. There was no evidence that either formula was better or worse than the other for the babies' long-term development. No studies were found addressing long-lasting growth or development.
We included one small trial (with data from 34 women) that compared transcervical amnioinfusion (where fluid is added to the amniotic fluid) with no treatment. The trial was at a high risk of bias, which means that the results may not be reliable. We did not find any trials that used a transabdominal amnion (where the blood is pumped through the woman’s legs). The trial did not report on the number of babies that died or had severe complications. The study did find that there was no clear effect on the incidence of postpartum endometritis (worsening of the lining of the uterus) or neonatal infection. There was no difference in the length of time that women received antibiotics, nor was there a clear difference in how long the women spent in hospital. The reduction in the temperature at birth was not pre-specified in this review. We found no evidence that the reduction of the temperature was of benefit to the baby. The quality of the evidence was low, meaning that we are uncertain about the results. There is not enough evidence to be able to fully and fully evaluate the effectiveness of transcervically adding fluid to the fluids of the womb for chorioamnionitis. We need more trials to fully evaluate this treatment. We do not have enough data to assess the safety of this treatment or to assess women's satisfaction with the treatment. More research is needed. The evidence is up-to-date as of February 2016.
This review aimed to assess the accuracy of the Mini-Cog as a screening test in community settings. Three studies were identified, with a total of 1620 people. The studies varied in their methods and assessed the accuracy and specificity of the test. All three studies were of poor quality. There was a lack of information about the methods used to select the participants for the studies, which may have affected the results. There is a need for more research in this area.
We included 19 studies that investigated three types of amphetamines: dexamphetamine (10.2 mg/d to 21.8 mg per day), lisdexamfetamine (20 mg/day to 70 mg a day), and mixed amphetamine salts (12.5 mg/daily to 80 mg/dos). These studies enrolled 2521 participants; most were middle-aged (35.3 years), Caucasian males (57.2%), with a combined type of ADHD (78.8%). Eighteen studies were conducted in the USA, and one study was conducted in both Canada and the USA. Ten were multi-site studies. All studies were placebo-controlled, and three also included an active comparator: guanfacine, modafinil, or paroxetine. Most studies had short-term follow-up and a mean study length of 5.3 weeks. We found no studies that had low risk of bias in all domains of the Cochrane 'Risk of bias’ tool, mainly because amphetamine has powerful subjective effects that may reveal the assigned treatment, but also because we noted attrition bias, and because we could not rule out the possibility of a carry-over effect in studies that used a cross-over design. Amphetamines were efficacious in reducing the severity of ADHD symptoms as rated by clinicians and patients. In contrast, we found no evidence to suggest that dexamphetamine reduced ADHD symptoms compared to other drugs. In addition, we did not find any evidence that different doses of amphetamine did not result in differences in efficacy. We also found no difference between dexamphetamine and MAS in terms of adverse events. However, we do not know if there is a difference between the two types of drug-release formulations. The quality of the evidence was low or very low, mainly due to the small number of studies and the short duration of the included studies.
We included 10 studies with 811 participants in this review update. The studies were diverse with regard to study quality, the chronic painful conditions that were studied, the dose of vitamin D given, co-interventions, and the outcome measures that were reported. Only two studies reported pain scores for people with chronic pain. The other studies reported treatment group average outcomes. Overall, there was no consistent pattern that vitamin D treatment was better than placebo in any chronic painful condition. Adverse events and withdrawals from the studies were infrequent. The evidence was of low quality. Based on this evidence, we cannot be certain that there is a large benefit from taking vitamin D for chronic pain in general. Whether vitamin D can have beneficial effects in specific chronic pain conditions needs to be investigated further.
Forty-one studies were included involving more than 200 practices and 48,000 patients. In all studies the intervention strategy was multifaceted. In 12 studies the interventions were targeted at the health professionals, in nine studies they were targeted in the organisation of care, and in 20 studies both. In 15 studies patient education was added to the professional interventions. A combination of the interventions improved the performance of health professionals. The effect on patient outcomes was less clear. Arrangements for the follow-up of patients also showed a favourable effect. Multiple interventions in which the role of the nurse was enhanced, such as patient education, also showed favourable effects on patients. Multifaceted interventions that improve the health of patients with diabetes can lead to improved health outcomes. Nurses can play a role through patient education or by helping patients to take care of themselves. Organisational interventions such as central computerised tracking systems or nurses who regularly contact the patient can also lead to better patient health. The quality of the studies was often poor.
We found five randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly assigned to one of two or more treatment groups) that compared the following methods of birth control. The trials included 1503 women, with a mean of 301 participants. The women were aged 25 years and younger. The studies compared birth control methods for birth control in women with low sperm counts. Birth control pills were compared to birth control pills with no active ingredient (e.g. a patch, vaginal ring, or pill). Birth control methods included LNG-IUS, LNG 12, and the copper T380A intrauterine (IUD). The trials did not differ in effectiveness or in stopping use of the birth control method. In one trial, women who used the LNG to give birth were at least 75% more likely than those who did not use birth control to continue to use the method. The other trial compared LNGs with different doses of the same birth control pill and found similar efficacy over one and three years. We considered the overall quality of evidence to be moderate to low. Limitations were due to trial design or limited reporting.
This review found that immunotherapy reduces asthma symptoms and use of asthma medications, and improves bronchial hyperreactivity. There were 42 trials of immunotherapy for house mite and pollen allergy; 27 trials of house mites; 10 trials of animal dander allergy; two Cladosporium mould allergy, two latex and six trials looking at multiple allergens. There was no consistent effect on lung function. The number of patients in the trials was small and the quality of the trials varied.
This review found six trials involving 1297 patients. Five trials had a low risk of bias. One trial had an unclear risk of systematic error. Mortality at day 28 was significantly reduced by lung-protective ventilation with a relative risk (RR) of 0.74 (95% CI 0.61 to 0.88). Hospital mortality was reduced by 0.80 (95%). Overall mortality was not significantly different in the control group. There was insufficient evidence for long-term outcomes. There were differences between the trials, such as length of follow-up and the use of higher levels of pressure in the ventilator arm. The results of this review should be interpreted with caution.
We included 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 1833 participants in this review. We found that the intravenous technique of using isoflurane to provide anaesthesia is comparable with the inhalational method of using sevofluroane. Adverse events with both techniques are comparable. However, we found evidence of low quality. The results of our review should be interpreted with caution. The evidence is up-to-date as of September 2014.
This review identified four trials including 15,936 hypertensive patients. Average age was 75.4 years. Mean blood pressure at entry across the studies was 171/86 mmHg. The combined result of the four trials reporting the incidence of dementia did not indicate a benefit from treatment and there was considerable variation between the trials. The results from the three trials reporting change in Mini mental State Examination (MMSE) did not show a benefit of treatment. Both systolic blood pressure levels were reduced significantly. However, there were significant problems with the way the trials were carried out. Many of the control patients had high blood pressure and had to stop taking the drug because of side effects. There was no convincing evidence that lowering blood pressure in late life prevents dementia or cognitive impairment. Quality of life could not be analysed in the four studies. More robust results may be obtained by combining the results of individual patient data.
We included 12 trials enrolling 3474 patients in this review. The evidence for the effectiveness of PTCRA in re-stent re-stenosis is unclear. PTCRA/PTCA did not result in an increase in the risk of major adverse events (e.g. myocardial infarction (MI), emergency cardiac surgery or death) compared to angioplasty alone. In patients with complex lesions, there were no differences in rate of re-steenosis at six months and at one year. Compared to the use of a stent alone, P TCRA/PPTCA was associated with a higher risk of an angiographically detectable vascular spasm, perforation and transient vessel occlusion. There was no evidence of the effectiveness in improving patient outcomes in patients with non-complex lesions. Morphological characteristics of complex lesions have not been examined in parallel-arm randomised controlled trials. There is limited published evidence and no long-term data to support the routine use of the procedure in in-vascularisation.
This review identified three studies that compared nebulised rhDNase with a placebo. Two of these studies were multicentre trials, comprising only participants who had been positive for bronchial virus. The other study was from Italy. All studies used 2.5 mL (1 mg/mL) of nebulized rhDNASE compared with placebo. In these patients, treatment did not shorten the length of stay in hospital or improve clinical outcomes. There was no difference in adverse events between the two groups. These included temporary desaturation, temporary cough, increased coughing, facial rash, hoarse voice, hoarseness, and bad taste.
We found two studies with a total of 181 participants. One study had a small sample size and did not adequately report method of randomisation, allocation concealment or pre-selected outcome. The second study was a larger study with few factors that could affect the results. We found no significant difference in the number of deaths between the two groups. We also found no difference in major complication rate between the groups. There was a difference in length of hospital stay between groups. No wound infections occurred in the group treated by the percutaneous approach. There were no differences in bleeding complications and haematoma. Only one study reported the length of time patients spent in intensive care unit and hospital stay. We rated the quality of the evidence as moderate for all outcomes. The quality of evidence is downgraded because of the small number of studies, low event numbers, and imprecision. We downgraded the quality because we found one ongoing study, which may provide more evidence in the future.
The review of trials found that the sponge was less effective than the diaphragm in preventing pregnancy. The sponge was more likely to be discontinued for discomfort than was the diapragm. Allergic-type reactions were more common with the sponge, although the reasons for stopping use of the sponge differed in the two trials. No new trials have been found since the initial review. Other trials will be needed to resolve the potential role of spermicides in the prevention of sexually transmitted infections or in their adverse effects.
Sixteen studies were identified for possible inclusion in the review. Six of which were included. Three studies investigated prevention of cognitive decline and three studies investigated amelioration. There were a number of limitations across studies. There was no strong evidence to support the use of any non-pharmacological interventions (drugs, cognitive/behavioural) in the prevention or ameloration of cognitive deficits. There is some evidence that a drug called memantine, which is a drug used to treat brain tumours, may help prevent cognitive decline in people with brain metastases receiving brain irradiation. There may be a role for a drug that is used to improve memory in people who have been treated for brain tumour. However, there is not enough evidence to be sure of this. Further research is needed. Non-randomised studies are promising but are as yet to be conclusive.
This review identified two studies that compared laser treatment with placebo (fake) laser treatment. Both studies were at high risk of bias, so their results may not be reliable. The age range of participants was from 17 to 55 years. The evidence is current to September 2014. Both trials investigated the effectiveness of low-level laser treatment compared to placebo laser therapy on inferior alveolar sensory deficit as a result of iatrogenic injury. The overall quality of the evidence was very low, mainly due to limitations in the conduct and reporting of the studies, indirectness of the results and imprecision of the reported results. Patient-reported altered sensation was partially reported in one study and fully reported in another. Following treatment with laser therapy, there was some evidence of an improvement in the subjective assessment of neurosensory deficit in the lip and chin areas, though the results were imprecise: a difference in mean change in neurosENSory deficit of the chin of 8.40 cm (95% confidence interval (CI) 3.67 to 13.13) and a difference of 21.79 cm (CI 5.29 to 38.29) was found. No studies reported on the effects of the intervention on the remaining primary outcomes of pain, difficulty eating or speaking or taste. There is clearly a need for randomised controlled clinical trials to investigate the effectiveness and safety of surgical, medical and psychological interventions for the treatment of nerve injury in patients with inferior and lingual nerve injuries. Primary outcomes of this research should include: patient-focused morbidity measures including altered sensation and pain, pain, quantitative sensory testing and delayed treatment. Quality of life or adverse events.
We found two randomised controlled trials (281 pregnancies and 282 fetuses) that met our inclusion criteria. However, the two trials had significant clinical and methodological differences such that a meta-analysis (combining the results of the two studies) of the data was not possible. One trial (161 pregnant women) was based on women with a history of diabetes. It showed no difference between the use of oestrogen and progestin and placebo in the rate of miscarriage. This study did not report on this review's other primary outcome (perinatal death or preterm birth). The second study (161 women) compared the treatment group with the no treatment group. The trial showed no differences between the treatment and no treatment groups for miscarriage. There is an increased risk of cancer in women using combined oestrogens and progesterone, but for the outcome of cancer other than the reproductive system, there was no difference. Similarly, there were no differences in the rates of other outcomes reported. The trials did not look at the risk of miscarriage or the number of preterm births. We strongly recommend that further research is done in this area.
This review found that both TCAs and SSRIs are effective for depression treated in primary care. Nearly all studies were of short duration, typically 6-8 weeks.
We found nine studies that compared ibuprofen with placebo (a pretend medicine), rofecoxib 25 mg, other active comparators, or with other drugs. The studies included 4373 participants, with 5223 attacks. The results showed that, compared with placebo, the higher dose of 400 mg was better than 200 mg for 2-hour headache relief, but not for 24-hour sustained headache relief. The higher dose was also better than the lower dose of 200 mg. Soluble formulations of 200 and 400 mg were both better than standard tablets for 1-hour, but were not better for 2 hours of headache relief in the longer term. Similar numbers of participants experienced side effects, which were mostly mild and transient. Ibuproen is an effective treatment for acute migraine headaches, providing pain relief in about half of sufferers, but complete relief from pain and associated symptoms for only a minority. Adverse events occurred at about the same rate as with placebo. We found no new studies since the last version of this review.
We included 43 randomized controlled trials (3497 participants with dry eye) in this review. The trials compared different types of artificial tears with each other or with placebo. We found that, in general, we were uncertain whether different OTC tears provided similar relief of signs and symptoms. However, we did find that 0.2% and 1.4% polyacrylic (a type of polyvinyl alcohol) tears were consistently more effective at treating dry eye in two trials. The results of other trials, however, were inconsistent. We also found that OTC artificial tears may be safe, but not without side effects. Overall, we found that the quality of evidence was low. This was due to the small number of trials and participants, as well as the poor reporting of outcome measures, which meant that we could not draw any firm conclusions.
We found one randomised trial in 136 patients that compared second-line regimens with or without boosted protease inhibitors. There was no difference in the proportion of patients with HIV who had their viral loads reduced by six months and time to HIV-1 RNA suppression among those on a lamivudine (3TC/FTC) or emtricitabine (FTC), or both, regimens. Two other small observational studies (in abstract form) also did not show a difference in viral suppression after six months. There were no trials identified comparing boosted proteases (PIs) or combinations of PIs and nucleoside backbone combinations, after first-line treatment on non-thymidine drug combinations. There are no studies comparing boosted PIs directly in populations starting ART. There is limited evidence to support the use of second-lines of drugs to treat people with HIV when they fail to respond to the first line of treatment.
We included 133 studies involving 844,206 participants. We evaluated a total of seven different prespecified index tests in the 133 studies, as well as 69 non-prespecified, and 32 combinations of tests. We found six studies for the Mallampati test, 105 for the modified Mallampatis test, six for the Wilson risk score, 52 for thyromental distance, 18 for sternomental distance and 34 for the mouth opening test, and 30 for the upper lip bite test. All studies were conducted in adults with no apparent anatomical airway abnormalities. We assessed the quality of the evidence from the studies as generally being of high to moderate quality. We judged the risk of bias to be variable for each of the different domains; we mostly observed low quality evidence for patient selection, flow and timing, and unclear evidence for reference standard and index test. Applicability concerns were generally low for all domains. For difficult face mask ventilation, we found that all investigated index tests had relatively low sensitivities with high variability. In contrast, specificities were consistently and markedly higher than sensitivities across all tests. Among the tests we examined, the tests for diagnosing difficult tracheal intubation provided the highest sensitivity. We could only estimate summary sensitivity (0.17, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.06 to 0.39) and specificity (0% 95% CI 0.93 to 0%). For difficult tracation, we could only calculate summary sensitivity and specificity of 0.24 (95%CI 0.12 to 1.43) and 0.51 (95%) for both tests. For other tests, we judged summary sensitivity to be 0.87 (95%, 95%CI 1.94% CI 1.82 to 2.91) for both the modified and the upperlip bite tests, respectively. For the modified test, we calculated summary sensitivity of 0%. For difficult laryngoscopy, we estimated summary sensitivity
This review found that probiotics reduce the duration of diarrhoea and reduce the frequency of stool stool in children and young children. Probiotics appear to be safe and have clear effects in shortening the duration and frequency of diarrhoeal illness. However, more research is needed to guide the use of probiotics in specific patient groups.
We included only one study that compared nidotherapy-enhanced standard care with standard care alone. This study included 52 participants. The duration of the study was 18 months. The single study examined the short-term (up to six months) and the medium-term effects of the new form of care (between six and 12 months) on social functioning, mental state, and engagement with non-inpatient services. The results of the single study showed that people receiving the new standard care were more likely to be more satisfied in both the short term and medium term. However, these results did not reach statistical significance. The study also found that people leaving the study early (by 12 months), and that adverse effects/events of death were less likely to occur in the intervention group, but this result was based on a single study. The quality of the evidence was very low.
We included eight studies with a total of 3283 participants. Five studies had a classic design in which participants were randomised at the start to pregabalin (150, 300 or 450 mg daily) or placebo (a pretend treatment). The other two studies had an EERW design, in which those with good pain relief after starting the study were given either the active treatment or a short down-titration to placebo. No studies looked at other active treatments. We found that people with fibromyalgia who were given a dose of 300 to 600 mg (150 to 300, 450 mg, or 600 mg) for 12 to 13 weeks had significantly lower pain intensity (at least 50% pain intensity reduction after 12 or 13 weeks' stable treatment) than people given placebo (high quality evidence). This was similar to other effective medicines (milnacipipine, duloxetine, and dulocipine). People who were also given a 300- to 600-mg dose of dulotecan also had a substantial reduction in their pain intensity, but this was about 9% lower than with placebo. About 10% of people with moderate or severe pain experienced at least 30% pain reduction with pregapalin compared with about 10% with placebo, and about 11% with dulodiazepines (low quality evidence) (high numbers of participants). About 10 people out of every 100 people treated had moderate to severe pain reduction without withdrawal from the study (moderate quality evidence), equivalent to a moderate benefit (high number of participants with moderate pain reduction). About 1 in 10 people experienced moderate or very much pain reduction (moderate to very much improvement) without withdrawal (high amount of pain reduction) (moderate-quality evidence). About 2 in every 10 people treated experienced moderate-quality pain reduction, equivalent to moderate benefit. About 1 out of 10 people with mild or moderate pain experienced moderate improvement in their quality of life and function (moderate
We included one randomised controlled trial (involving 135 women) in this review. The trial compared magnesium sulphate with a placebo (a substance that contains no active ingredient). The trial was at a low risk of bias. There were no differences seen between the groups in Apgar score less than seven at five minutes, gestational age at birth, or haemorrhage. There was no significant difference in adverse effects (feeling warm and flushed) between groups. However, there were more maternal side effects, such as nausea and vomiting, in the placebo group. No adverse effects severe enough to stop the treatment were observed. The study did not report any of this review's primary outcomes. There is not enough evidence to assess the safety and efficacy of magnesium sulphatate when given to women for the protection of the brain of the preterm baby.
This review aimed to evaluate the effectiveness of smoking cessation interventions for Indigenous populations. Four studies met all of the criteria for inclusion in the review. Two studies used a combination of a pharmacotherapy (e.g. nicotine replacement therapy) and two used cognitive and behavioural therapy (CBT). The remaining two studies used CBT delivered via text message support and the other delivered via clinic doctors trained in smoking cessation techniques. Smoking cessation data were pooled across all studies producing a statistically and clinically significant effect in favour of the intervention (risk ratio 1.43, 95%CI 1.03 to 1.98, p=0.032). However, following sensitivity analysis a statistically non-significant but clinically significant difference was observed in the intervention. A significant health disparity exists, whereby Indigenous populations, a minority, are over-represented in the burden of smoking-related morbidity and mortality. More rigorous trials are now required to assist in bridging the gap between tobacco related health disparities in Indigenous and non-Indigenous populations. Due to this lack of published investigations, the external validity of this review is limited, as is the ability to draw reliable conclusions from the results.
We included 13 studies (5686 patients) in this review. All 13 studies reported some type of hospital mortality (28-day, 30-day or 60-day mortality). We considered studies of high-risk surgery patients (eight studies), general intensive care (five studies) separately as subgroups for our analysis. We found that PAC did not affect the number of deaths in the ICU (four studies) or the length of stay in hospital (nine studies). We also found that costs were higher in the PAC groups. Two of these studies did not show a difference in hospital costs. We concluded that use of a pacemaker did not alter the number or length of time spent in hospital, or the cost of care. The quality of evidence was high for deaths and LOS but low for cost analysis.
This review found that venepuncture is the method of choice for blood sampling in term babies. The use of a sweet tasting solution reduces the pain experienced by the babies. Further well designed trials should be conducted in settings where a skilled phlebotomist is employed to perform the procedure.
We found two small studies of poor methodological quality, which included 52 women. The evidence is up to date as of September 2013. One small study presented data in relation to wound healing at less than four weeks, (the primary outcome measure for this review), although no reference was made to demonstrate how healing was measured. There was a trend to favour this outcome in the resuturing group, however, this difference was not statistically significant (risk ratio (RR) 1.69, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.73 to 3.88, one study, 17 women). Similarly, only one trial reported on rates of dyspareunia at two months and six months with no statistically significant difference between the two groups; two months, (RR 0.44, 95/CI 0.18 to 1.11, one trial, 26 women) and at six months. This trial also included data on the numbers of women who resumed sexual intercourse by two months. Significantly more women in the secondary sutured group had resumed intercourse two months after the end of the study, although by six months there was no significant difference. Neither of the trials provided information on the following prespecified secondary outcome measures: pain at any time interval; the woman's satisfaction with the aesthetic results of the perineal wound; exclusive breastfeeding; maternal anxiety or depression. Based on this review, there is currently insufficient evidence available to either support or refute the use of second-stage suturing for the management of broken down perineum wounds following childbirth. There is an urgent need for a robust randomised controlled trial to evaluate fully the comparative effects of both treatment options.
We included 18 studies involving 2521 participants. The methodological quality of 17 included studies was poor. Included RCTs separately compared medicinal herbs with different antiviral drugs, preventing any pooling of results. Only three studies indicated that compared with antiviral drug, medicinal herbs may be effective in preventing flu and alleviating flu symptoms. One study found that 'Ganmao' capsules were found to be more effective than amantadine in decreasing flu symptoms in one study. There were no clear differences between 'E Shu You' and ribavirin in treating flu, nor in the occurrence of adverse reactions. Ten studies reported mild reactions. Most of the Chinese medical herbs in the studies showed similar effects to antiviral agents in preventing or treating flu. Few were shown to be better than antivirals. There was no obvious adverse events. However, the quality of the evidence was weak. More high-quality studies with larger numbers of people and clear reporting are needed.
The evidence is current to August 2015. We included 8 studies with a total of 558 participants in this review. The studies compared the following interventions: thrombolytic therapy versus placebo (1 study); low versus high dose (1); alteplase versus urokinase (one); short versus long (1) and fibrin sheath stripping versus over-the-wire catheter exchange with and without angioplasty sheath disruption (1). No two studies compared any of the same interventions. Most studies had a high risk of bias due to poor study design, broad inclusion criteria, low patient numbers and industry involvement. Most of the studies included in the review were judged to have a high-risk of bias and were potentially influenced by pharmaceutical industry involvement and there is insufficient evidence to suggest any specific intervention is superior in terms of ensuring either dialysis adequacy or reduced risk of adverse events. There is no evidence favouring any of these approaches with respect to dialysis access or risk of side effects. The certainty of this evidence is reduced due to the fact that it is based on only a single study with wide confidence limits and imprecision in the estimates of the effects of the interventions. Based on low certainty evidence there is low evidence to support the use of drugs to restore catheter function when compared to placebo but there is no data available to suggest an optimal dose or administration method. The evidence is limited by the small number of available studies with limited numbers of patients enrolled. Further research is required to adequately address the question of the most efficacious and clinically appropriate technique for HD catheter dysfunction.
We found 17 trials reporting on 22 treatment comparisons (2674 patients randomised). Fifteen trials (20 treatment comparisons) reported results for tumour response, and 11 trials (14 treatment treatments) published time-to-event data. There were 1532 deaths in 2116 women randomised to trials of the add-on drug regimen and control (the regimen alone). There was no difference in survival time or time to progression between these patients. Addition of a drug to the regimen was found to be beneficial for overall tumour growth, although the results were not conclusive. The addition of one or more drugs was associated with an increased risk of side effects, such as hair loss and nausea and vomiting.
The review of trials found that a National Normalized Unit (NLU) is better than ICU care for the chronically critically ill. There is some evidence that patients discharged from a NLU are more prepared for discharge but it is unclear if this is a product of an increased length of inpatient stay. There was no significant effect on inpatient mortality. No significant adverse effects were noted. Costs of care on the NLU were higher in the UK but lower in the US. More research is needed.
We included 11 studies including 414 participants in the review. Two studies compared therapeutic ultrasound with placebo, two studies compared one type of ultrasound with another, and six studies compared ultrasound as part of a multi-component non-surgical intervention with another type of treatment. The risk of bias was low in some studies, and unclear or high in others. Only two of the studies reported the outcome of interest, short-term overall improvement. One low quality trial with 68 patients found that when compared with a placebo, people with CTS may be more likely to improve their symptoms at the end of seven weeks of treatment, but this result should be treated with caution. Losses to follow-up and the failure to adjust for the correlation between the severity of the symptoms between the wrists in people with bilateral CTS in this study suggest that this data should be interpreted with caution, and another study, with 60 patients, found that at three months after treatment, people who received ultrasound plus splint were more satisfied than those who received splint alone. However, this result was not statistically significant, and it was unclear if the random allocation sequence was adequate. Differences between groups receiving different frequencies of ultrasound, and between groups of people receiving ultrasound as a component of a mult-component treatment versus other types of treatment (e.g. splinting, exercises and splint), were generally small. No studies reported any side effects of ultrasound. There is not enough evidence to support the greater benefit of one therapy over another, or to suggest that one treatment is better than another. More studies are needed before firm conclusions can be made.
We included eight studies involving approximately 10,000 participants in this review. The active interventions were pravastatin, atorvastatin (a drug that blocks blood flow), simvastatine, clofibrate (a hormone), conjugated oestrogen, statin, and conjugate. There is evidence that statin therapy in patients with a previous ischaemic stroke or TIA reduces subsequent cerebrovascular events (stroke recurrence). However, there is no clear evidence of a beneficial effect from statins in those with a history of haemorrhagic stroke. In view of this, statins should be started immediately post stroke.
The aim of this systematic review was to assess the effectiveness of these programmes. Eleven studies were included in the review. Studies differed in design, settings, duration, content and intensity, length of follow-up, ways of measuring smoking behaviour and measures of smoking behaviour used. Among seven of the seven studies reporting smoking prevalence, a significant decrease in the number of people smoking in the USA was found in the state of California. Three large-scale campaigns of the other seven presented results for tobacco consumption. Among the eight studies presenting abstinence or quit rate, four showed some positive effect, although in one of them the effect was measured for quit and cutting down combined. In the three that did not show significant decreases, one demonstrated a significant effect on both smokers and ex-smokers combined. One state-wide program (Massachusetts) showed positive results up to eight years after the campaign. Six of nine studies carried out in communities or regions showed at least one significant change in the smoking behaviour. There is evidence that mass media campaigns can be effective in changing smoking behaviour, but the quality of the evidence is variable. The intensity and duration of the campaigns may influence the effect, but this can be difficult to quantify. No consistent relationship was observed between the effects of the campaign effectiveness and age, sex, ethnicity or gender.
We included 24 studies with a total of 2166 participants, 23 of which provided data for analysis. Seventeen studies compared yoga with no therapy. Yoga improved health-related quality of life (10 studies, 675 participants), reduced fatigue (11 studies, 883 participants) and sleep disturbances in the short term. Yoga did not appear to reduce depression (seven studies, 496 participants), anxiety (three studies, 195 participants) or fatigue (two studies, 146 participants). No studies reported side effects. Four studies that compared yoga versus psychosocial/educational treatments provided moderate-quality evidence that yoga can reduce depression, anxiety and fatigue (four studies, 226 participants). Yoga may be as effective as other exercise programmes and might be used as an alternative to other exercise. No studies provided data on safety. The quality of evidence in this review ranged from very low to moderate. This means that the true effect of yoga may be quite different from what this review shows.
We included one study that compared early brain imaging (within 48 hours of brain surgery) with no early post-operative brain imaging. In this study, 125 people with glioma had surgery for glioblastoma. Most people in the study underwent maximal surgical resection and radiotherapy. The study was at high risk of bias overall. Evidence from this study suggests little or no difference between the two types of brain imaging in terms of survival (deaths). We found no evidence on the effectiveness of other imaging schedules. We did not find any relevant economic evaluations of the different imaging strategies. The evidence is up to date as of September 2016.
We included three studies randomising 161 people with schizophrenia. Data were available for only two of our seven main outcomes. Clinically important improvement in global state was measured by the Clinical Global Impression (CGI). There was no clear difference between the two drugs in terms of improvement. There were no clear differences in the number of people with parkinsonism at eight weeks. There was very low quality evidence that metiapine is more effective than chlorpromazine for improving global state. However, there were no useable data for the other key outcomes of improvement in mental state, readmission due to relapse, or cost of care. Chlorpromazine has been the mainstay drug for schizophrenia for decades, yet studies comparing this drug to metiAPine fails to provide high quality trial-based data.
Twenty-three studies were identified for inclusion in this review. Probiotics were not superior to placebo for any outcome measured. The use of nitroimidazole antibiotics, mesalamine, azathioprine/6-MP, infliximab, budesonide, tenovil and interleukin 10 all appear to be effective in the prevention of Crohn's disease recurrence. However, these agents were associated with a higher risk of side effects than placebo. Mesalamine was associated with less risk of recurrence and a lower risk of serious side effects when compared to placebo. There was no difference in the risk of post-operatively recurrence of the disease when mesalamines were compared to azanthioprine. There were no significant differences in the number of serious adverse events between mesalaminas and azthioprine for any other outcome. There are insufficient randomised controlled trials to draw conclusions on the effectiveness and safety of other agents used to prevent post-operative recurrence in Crohn’s disease. The cost, toxicity and tolerability of these approaches require careful consideration to determine the optimal approach for post-operation prophylaxis.
We included seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 885 participants in this review. The psychosocial interventions considered in the studies were: cognitive-behavioural coping skills training (one study), twelve-step programme (one), brief intervention (three studies), motivational interviewing (two studies), and brief motivational interviewing. Two studies were considered in two comparisons. The results were as follows. We found low to very low-quality evidence to suggest that there is no difference in effectiveness between different types of psychosfunctional interventions to reduce alcohol consumption among people who use illicit drugs, and that brief interventions are not superior to assessment-only or to treatment as usual. No firm conclusions can be made because of the paucity of the data and the low quality of the retrieved studies. We judged the majority of the trials to have a high or unclear risk of bias. The quality of evidence for the primary outcomes was low. There were no data for the secondary outcome, alcohol-related harm.
We found 23 trials with a total of 1586 participants. Fifty-eight per cent of these participants were from five unpublished studies. The most commonly used quinine dosage was 300 mg/day (range 200 to 500 mg). We found no new trials for inclusion when searches were updated in 2014. The risk of bias in the trials varied considerably. All 23 trials claimed to be randomised, but only a minority described how the trials were carried out adequately. Compared to placebo (inactive drug), quineine reduced cramps by 28% over two weeks by 28%, cramp days by 20%, and cramp duration by 20%. The most common side effects were minor, mainly gastrointestinal symptoms. There were no major side effects, but one person suffered from blood clots. A combination of theophylline (a drug used to treat the common cold) and quininesaurozole (a medicine used to improve blood flow to the brain) was more effective than the quinneine alone, but with no significant differences in side effects. The combination of vitamin E and theophylliine was not significantly different to the combination of quinaine and vitamin E, and xylocaine injections into the gastrocnemius muscle did not significantly improve cramps. There was no significant difference between quinidine and vitamin C or quinamine and the other drugs used for muscle cramp. The quality of the evidence was low or moderate for all outcomes. There is moderate quality evidence that with use up to 60 days, the incidence of serious adverse events is not significantly greater than for placebo in the identified trials, but because serious side effects can be rarely fatal, in some countries prescription of quinoine is severely restricted. The search for new therapies, pharmacological and non-pharmacological, should continue. Further research into these alternatives, as well other pharmacological or non-drug treatments, is thus warranted. Further studies using different dosages
We found seven randomised controlled trials enrolling a total of 406 individuals. Three trials enrolled women with pregnancy-associated leg cramps. Four trials enrolled idiopathic (where muscle cramps occur in the legs) cramps and one trial enrolled people with idiopathy (where the legs get stuck) (where they get stuck). The trials were conducted in the 1980s and 1990s. The evidence is current to May 2014. The trials compared magnesium to placebo (a pretend treatment) in six trials and to no treatment in one trial. The studies were generally of moderate quality. The differences in measures of cramp frequency, magnesium versus placebo, were small, not statistically significant, and without heterogeneity (I2 = 0%). This includes the percentage change from baseline in the number of cramps per week at four weeks, and the difference in the frequency of the cramps (0.01 cramps/week, 95% confidence interval (CI) -0.52 to 0.55, moderate quality evidence). The percentage of individuals experiencing a 25% or better reduction in cramp rate from baseline was also no different, being 8% lower in the magnesium group (95% CI -28% to 12%, moderate quality of evidence). Similarly, no statistically significant difference was found in the intensity of the pain (moderate quality evidence) or cramp duration (low quality). Meta-analysis was not possible for trials of pregnant women with cramps due to pregnancy. The single study comparing magnesium to no-treatment failed to find statistically significant benefit on a three-point ordinal scale of overall treatment efficacy. The two trials comparing magnesium compared to placebo differed in that one trial found no benefit on frequency or intensity measures while the other found benefit for both. Withdrawals due to adverse events were not significantly different than placebo. While we could not determine the total number of subjects with minor adverse events, studies of oral magnesium generally described potential side effects as similar in frequency to placebo
We included one study that compared a six-month home-based, combined muscle strength and recumbent cycle ergometry training program with usual care. The study included 14 people with SMA. The age range of the people in the study was between 10 years and 48 years. People in the training group were able to walk a mean of 24.0 m further than those in usual care, and the average distance they could walk was 9.4 m further in six months. The average age of the participants was between 48 and 70 years. The training group performed strength training as prescribed, but 50% of those in the control group did not achieve the intended aerobic exercise training regimen. Cardiopulmonary exercise capacity, measured by the change from baseline to six months' follow-up in peak oxygen uptake (VO2max), was similar in the intervention group and the usual care group. The trial assessed function on the Hammersmith Functional Motor Scale - Expanded (HFMSE), which has a range of possible scores from 0 to 66, with an increase of 3 or more points indicating clinically meaningful improvement. The HFMSE score in the group receiving the training improved by 2 points compared to the control (usual care) group, but the difference was not statistically significant. No serious adverse events or adverse events leading to withdrawal from the study occurred, but we cannot draw wider conclusions from this very low-certainty evidence. The certainty of evidence for all outcomes was very low because of study limitations and imprecision. We need well-designed studies using protocols that meet international standards for the development of training interventions, in order to improve our understanding of the exercise response in people with spinal muscular atrophy type 3 and eventually develop exercise guidelines for this condition.
We found two randomised controlled trials (N = 149) that compared surgery to either physiotherapy or hard collar immobilization in 149 people with cervical spondylosis. One of these trials (81 patients) found that surgery reduced pain, weakness or sensory loss in the short-term, but there was no difference in the long term. One trial (68 patients with mild functional deficit (cervical myelopathy) found no differences between surgery and other treatments in three years following treatment. Both trials were small and had significant risks of bias. It is not clear whether the short term risks of surgery are offset by the long-term benefits. There is low quality evidence that there is some evidence that surgery may be better than physiotherapy, but the evidence is of low quality. More research is very likely to have an impact on the results and our confidence in them.
This review of nine studies found that telephone consultation appears to reduce the number of visits to GP's, out-of-hours visits by general practitioners, and the use of telephone triage. However, questions remain about its impact on service use, safety and cost.
We included 84 studies with a total of 22,872 participants in this review. The evidence is current to September 2016. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada, Australia, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand and the United Kingdom. Most of the studies were carried out in higher risk individuals or settings. Studies with follow-up periods of at least four months were of more interest in assessing the sustainability of intervention effects and were also less susceptible to short-term reporting or publication bias. The results of this review indicate that there are no substantive, meaningful benefits of MI interventions for preventing alcohol use, misuse or alcohol-related problems. Although we found some statistically significant effects, the effect sizes were too small, given the measurement scales used in the included studies, to be of relevance to policy or practice. Moreover, the statistically significant effect sizes are not consistent for all misuse measures, and the quality of evidence is not strong, implying that any effects could be inflated by risk of bias. None of the trials reported harms related to MI.
We included 29 studies with a total of 2210 participants. All participants had asthma, and follow-up ranged from 2 to 26 weeks. Most studies were at low or unclear risk of selection and attrition bias and at high risk of blinding. We considered most of the evidence to be of low quality. We classified studies into three comparisons. Enhanced inhaler technique education and multi-media training (e.g. DVD, computer app or game) improved technique in adults and children, but we could not be sure how much. We found no evidence about harms. Inhaler technique interventions provided some benefit for people's asthma control, but they did not lead to important clinical benefits for adults or children. We rated the quality of evidence as low to moderate for adults, and low for children. This means that we are uncertain about the results. Some studies did not report asthma attacks in a way that could be combined, and some studies were too small for us to be able to assess the effects of the interventions. We did find that more people in the intervention groups had asthma attacks than in the control groups, but the difference was small. We also found that people who received enhanced inhaler training showed some benefit in terms of their asthma control. However, we were not able to tell whether this was important for other outcomes, such as the number of people who had an asthma attack, or whether it had an effect on their asthma. We judged the evidence in this review to be low or moderate quality, meaning that we have little confidence in the results and that the results will change with more research.
This review identified three small trials, involving 226 participants, that compared mannitol with no treatment in people with ischaemic stroke. One trial included patients who had had a stroke without a CT scan, and the other two trials included those who had a brain haemorrhage that had CT-verified ICH. There was not enough evidence to be sure that the effects of mannitor on death and dependency could be proven. Adverse events were either not found or not reported. The change in clinical condition was reported in two trials, and there was no difference in the proportion of those with worsening or not improving condition between those who were treated and those not. There were no differences in the number of people who died or were unable to get out of bed in either trial. Based on these three trials, there is no evidence to support or refute the use of the drug in acute stroke. More trials are needed to confirm or refute whether the drug is beneficial or harmful.
This review of six trials found that D-penicillamine appears to be effective in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. Its efficacy is similar to that of other drug treatments, but with a higher risk of side effects. Its effects on long-term functional status and radiological progression (i.e. progression of disease) are not clear from this review.
We included four relevant trials. All of them were of low quality. All four studies used a decoction containing Huangqi compounds as the intervention with chemotherapy. There was a significant reduction in the proportion of patients with nausea & vomiting when decoctions of Huangqi compound were given in addition to their chemotherapy. The proportion of people who experienced a decrease in their white blood cell count was also reduced. There were also a significant decrease in the rate of leucopenia (WBC <3 x 10^9 per L). The use of Chinese herbs to treat patients with cancer was associated with an increase in T-lymphocyte subsets: CD3, CD4 and CD8. There is no evidence that Chinese herbs cause harm. We need more high quality randomised controlled studies to investigate the effects of the Chinese herbs.
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 866 participants. The trials evaluated vitamin A and/or DHA for people with RP. One trial evaluated the effect of vitamin A alone, one evaluated DHA alone, and a third trial compared DHA and vitamin A with vitamin A. All three RCTs were funded by government agencies. None of the trials had a protocol for how they were conducted, so we were not able to pool their results. The three trials were graded as low risk of bias for all other domains. We did not perform meta-analysis due to differences between the trials in terms of the types of participants and interventions. The primary outcome, mean change of visual field, which is a measure of how well the visual field changes at one year, was not reported in any of the studies. No adverse effects were reported. Two of the three trials found that some participants with RP may have had more ERG amplitudes, but these results were not replicated or substantiated. Based on the results of these three trials, we found no clear evidence for benefit of taking vitamin A, DHA, or both of these medications in people with rheumatoid arthritis.
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 414 participants. The majority of participants had IA, most with RA and to a lesser degree AS. The interventions aimed to prevent job loss and improve work functioning, firstly by evaluating work changes or adaptations, and secondly by providing any type of person-directed interventions, such as workplace visits, advice or education. The duration or dose of the interventions varied from two 1.5-hour sessions (one RCT) to five months (one trial) and from six to eight sessions (two RCTs). The interventions were not directly targeted at the work environment. We found no evidence that the interventions had an effect on job loss. We assessed the quality of the evidence using the GRADE approach. We judged the quality to be very low for all three reported outcomes. Of the two trials investigating job loss, the larger one (n = 242) reported a large reduction in job loss in both groups. The other RCT reported similar effects. The latter one probably suffered from bias. The one small trial investigating sickness absenteeism (i.e. absenteeism) found uncertain results. Finally, in the same small trial using the Rheumatoid Arthritis-WIS scale, there was a small improvement in work functioning. We did not find any adverse effects in the publications of the three trials. Overall, we found that there was not enough evidence to support the use of job loss prevention interventions in the prevention of work loss, work absenteeism and work functioning in workers with inflammatory arthritis. While we suggest that more research is needed, the results show that these strategies may be effective.
We identified three eligible studies that included a total of 285 preterm infants (140 of which 140 received arginine) from three countries. We assessed the quality of the evidence as good. We noted a reduction in risk of NEC in preterm babies born before term (before 37 weeks of age) who were given a single intravenous dose of the drug (arginine or placebo) compared with babies who received a placebo (a pretend treatment). The number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) as required to prevent the development of NEC (any stage) was 6 (95% confidence interval (CI) 4 to 10). Study results showed a statistically significant reduction in the risk of developing NEC stage 1 (RR 0.37, 95% CI 0.15 to 0.90; I2 = 52%) and NEC stage 2 (RR -0.13, 95%) in the ARGINine group compared with the placebo group. Mortality due to any cause was not significantly different between the ARginine group and the control or no treatment groups (RR 1.77 and 0.41, respectively). Mortality related to NEC was reduced by a significant reduction by a mean of 87% (RR 87% and 0%). Results showed clinical heterogeneity in mortality rates. Investigators noted no significant side effects directly attributable to the use of ARGine, including hypotension or alterations in glucose homeostasis. Follow-up data from one trial revealed no statistically significant differences in adverse outcomes (cerebral palsy, cognitive delay, bilateral blindness or hearing loss requiring hearing aids) at 36 months. Limitations of the present findings include a relatively small overall sample size. Because information was provided by three small trials that included 285 participants, the data are insufficient at present to support a practice recommendation. A multi-centre randomised controlled study that is focused on the incidence of NEC, particularly at more severe stages (2 and 3), is needed.
We found four studies involving 1943 participants with acute sinusitis. The trials were well-designed and double-blind and studied INCS versus placebo or no treatment for 15 or 21 days. The rates of loss to follow-up were 7%, 11%, 41% and 10%. When we combined the results from the three trials included in the meta-analysis, we found that INCS was more likely to be effective in improving symptoms than placebo. In addition, INCS had an effect on improvement of symptoms. Higher doses of INCS were more effective than lower doses. No major side effects were found and there was no difference in the drop-out and recurrence rates for the treatment groups. Current evidence is limited for acute sinuitis confirmed by radiology or nasal endoscopy.
The review of trials found that the administration of low doses of prophylactic anti-sepsis drugs, such as vancomycin, in low birth weight infants, reduces the risk of sepsis. There was not enough evidence to be sure that the use of low levels of pro-septic drugs reduces the rate of death, length of stay, or adverse effects of the drugs. There is a theoretical concern that there may be a risk of the development of resistance to the drugs in the nurseries in which the trials were carried out.
This review aimed to determine whether the choice of dressing or topical agent for wound healing was influenced by the patient's own pain, satisfaction and nursing time. Fourteen reports were found. We found only small, poor quality trials; the evidence is therefore not sufficient to determine if the choice or use of dressings, topical agents or both affects the wound healing. There was one small trial of aloe vera supplementation vs gauze, which suggests that the wound may heal more slowly but the results of this trial are not clear since there was a large loss to follow up. A plaster cast applied to a stump accelerated wound healing compared with elastic compression. There were no differences in wound healing for other dressing comparisons (e.g. gauze or foam). Pain was more common with gauze than with other dressings. Patients were less satisfied with the use of gauze. Gauze is inexpensive but its use is linked to more nursing time than foam. Foam is best studied as a substitute for gauze and appears to be preferable as an alternative to pain reduction, patient satisfaction, nursing time and cost. One trial found shorter hospital stay when plaster casts were applied to an amputation stump.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials of birth control pills and other hormonal methods. They included 1482 women. Four trials examined combined oral contraceptives (COCs), and three studied the levonorgestrel-releasing system (LNG-IUS). We found two trials of progestin-only pills, and two of the etonogestrel implant. Most trials did not report any significant differences between the study arms in breastfeeding duration, breast milk volume, or infant growth. Two of eight trials indicated that the birth control pill had a negative effect on lactation. One trial did not quantify results. Two other trials showed a lower percentage of the LNG- IUS group breastfeeding at 75 days versus the non-hormonal group, but no significant difference at one year. Two older studies showed lower volume (mL) for the COC group versus the placebo group. The other showed lower means (mL), e.g. at 16 weeks and at 24 weeks. One study showed no difference in the volume of breast milk. Two more trials showed no differences in milk volume or composition with two different methods, a COC, a POP, or a CIC implant. Seven trials studied infant growth; one showed greater weight gain (grams) for etonogenol implant versus no method for six weeks but less compared with depot medroxyprogesterone acetate (DMPA) from 6 to 12 weeks. The others studied POPs, COCs versus POPs or an LNG. Results were not consistent across the 11 trials. The evidence was limited for any particular hormonal method. The quality of evidence was moderate overall and low for three of four placebo-controlled trials of COC or POPs. The sensitivity analysis included six trials with moderate quality evidence and sufficient outcome data. Five trials indicated no difference between groups in the breastfeeding duration (etonogestre implant insertion times, birth control methods, and LNG). For breast
We found 10 controlled trials from Australia, Singapore and the USA that compared red-light camera use with no adjustment. We grouped them according to the extent to which they adjusted for the effect of the red light camera on the number of crashes. Most of the studies did not adjust for the impact of red light cameras on total crashes. We found that red-lart cameras reduce total collisions, specific types of collision and red-lights. However, the evidence is less conclusive on the total number of collisions, red-and-white collisions, and red light violations. Larger and better controlled studies are needed.
This review identified four trials involving 494 participants. Three studies involving 383 participants provided data on the proportion of participants who had achieved a therapeutic INR of 2.0 to 3.0 by day five. One study showed that a 10-mg warfarin nomogram was effective in reducing the number of patients with VTE who experienced bleeding on the first day of treatment compared with a 5-mg one. Another study showed significant benefit of a 5.5-mg nomogram in outpatients with blood clots in the legs. A third study, consisting of both inpatients and outpatient patients, showed no difference. No difference was observed in recurrent venous thromboembolism at 90 days in patients treated with a 10 mg or 5 mg nomogram compared with those treated with 5 mg. In patients with acute venous clots (DVT or PE) aged 18 years or older, considerable uncertainty surrounds the use of either a 10 or a 5 mg loading dose for initiation of warfarins. Heterogeneity among analyzed studies, mainly due to differences in types of study participants and length of follow-up, limits certainty surrounding optimal warrenin initiation nomograms.
We included seven trials with a total of 555 participants. Three trials compared models of enhanced care in the inpatient setting with standard care. Two trials compared an enhanced care model provided at home and in the hospital with usual care. The trials were small and of low quality. None of the trials included people with dementia, so the data were from subgroups of people who had dementia or cognitive impairment. We found that some of the models used in the trials may reduce the risk of delirium after hip fracture. However, we were unable to draw any conclusions on the effects of these models on activities of daily living and functional performance. There was also low-certainty evidence that, compared to orthopaedic-led care, geriatrician-led management may lead to shorter length of stay in hospital. The certainty of the evidence was low or very low for most of the outcomes. We considered all trials to be at high risk of bias, which means that their results may be biased. As the trials were of small size, we could not be sure that the results would be the same for all people. There were also some differences in the characteristics of participants between the groups of people in the studies. We judged the certainty of evidence for all outcomes to be very low. The evidence is up to date as of April 2018.
We found seven studies with a total of 840 participants. Participants, interventions and outcomes were diverse. No significant differences were reported in health outcomes; however, two studies reported that home care reduced the length of hospital stay. Three studies reported a reduction in anxiety and improvement in child behaviours. Also, better parental coping and family functioning was noted. Home care was reported as more costly for service providers. However, home care was found to be more cost effective for the family in two studies. One study showed no significant cost savings for the families. No adverse effects were reported. The preliminary results show no adverse impact on physical health outcomes. Further trials are needed, measuring health, satisfaction, service use and costs.
The evidence is current to September 2016. We included 40 studies with 7524 participants from 40 randomised controlled trials comparing ICM versus standard care, and ICM compared to non-ICM. We found data relevant to two comparisons. 1. Compared to standard care for the outcome service use, ICM probably makes little or no difference in the average number of days spent in hospital per month or in the number of admissions. Similarly, the results showed that ICM may reduce hospitalisation and increase retention in social care. For the outcome adverse events, the evidence showed that there was no difference between ICM and standard care in reducing death by suicide. It also showed that people with severe mental illness who received ICM were less likely to leave the trial early and were more likely to be able to return to work and social activities. 2. When ICM was compared with other types of care, there was moderate-quality evidence that it probably makes no difference to the average service use or the average time spent in the hospital or in hospital admissions. However, there is uncertainty about the effect of ICM on unemployment due to very low quality evidence. 3. When we compared ICM with other forms of care we found that the more ICM is adherent to the ACT model, the better it is at decreasing time in hospital ('organisation fidelity' variable coefficient -0.36, 95% confidence intervals (CI) -1.5 to 0.7) and i.e. the higher the baseline hospital use in the population (baseline hospital use is no longer significant, but the 'baseline' hospital use result still significantly influences the time spent). Based on very low- to moderate- quality evidence, we found evidence that, compared with non- ICM, that the ICM approach is effective in ameliorating many outcomes relevant to people with moderate mental illness. The majority of studies had a high risk of selective reporting. No studies provided data for relapse or
This review looked at the effects of box model training compared with no training. The review included 16 trials with a total of 464 participants. All but one trial were at high risk of bias (that is, there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way the study was conducted). Overall, 16 trials (464 participants) were included in the review. The trials were conducted in a variety of countries, and all but one used video trainers. There were no trials that compared box models with animal models (cadavers). The trials that used video-tracked box models showed that the time taken for a task to complete was shorter in the box trainer group than the control group. There was also a lower error score (3 trials; 69 participants), a better accuracy score (three trials; 73 participants), and better composite performance scores (4 trials; 65 participants). Three trials reported movement distance but could not be analysed as they were not in a format for analysis. None of the other outcomes such as death and illness were reported in the trials. The results of this review are threatened by the risk of play of chance (random errors) and by the risks of bias in the trial designs. The quality of the trials was not high enough to allow us to draw any firm conclusions. There appears to be no difference in the improvement of technical skills in different methods of box training. There is a need for more trials to be conducted to assess the impact on surgical skills in both the short and the long term. The impact of this on patients and healthcare funders in terms of improved outcomes or decreased costs are unknown.
This review of two randomised clinical trials found no evidence that peroral glucocorticosteroids are effective in the treatment of cholangitis. However, there is some evidence that hydrocortisone applied to the bile through a nasal tube may cause severe adverse effects.
This review of 11 trials found that early feeding may be associated with a trend towards better outcomes for survival and disability. There were no deaths in the included trials. However, there were no data on disability. Further trials are needed. These trials should report on not only nutritional outcomes, but also on the effect on death and disability, as well as on side effects.
We included 57 studies which randomised a total of 34,390 participants. The studies were conducted in a variety of countries. The main sources of bias were from attrition and participant blinding (36% and 21% of the studies respectively, high risk of bias). Forty one studies (42 comparisons, 19,241 participants) provided data for the review's primary meta-analysis, which demonstrated that participants using a digital intervention drank approximately 23 g alcohol weekly (95% CI 15 to 30) (about 3 UK units) less than those who received no or minimal interventions at end of follow up. Fifteen studies (16 comparisons, 10,862 participants) showed that people who engaged with online interventions had less than one binge drinking day less per month less than people who did not, and 15 studies (3587 people) showed about one binge-drinking session less in the intervention group compared to no intervention controls. In 15 studies with 9791 people, people who drank one unit less per occasion less than no intervention control participants. Only five small studies (390 people) compared online and face-to-face interventions. There was no difference between the two groups in terms of alcohol consumption. The BCTs of goal setting (B -43.94, 95% CI -78.59 to -9.30), problem solving, problem solving and a credible source were associated with a reduction in alcohol consumption in unadjusted models. In a multivariable (where the intervention is compared to a control group) model that included BCT with B > 23 in the unadjusted group, the BCT of behaviour substitution, problem-solving and credible source (where there is evidence of a change in behaviour) and credible sources (where evidence is linked to the effect of the intervention) were also associated with reduced alcohol use. The most frequently mentioned theories or models in the studies were Motivations Interviewing Theory (7/20), Transtheoretical Model
We included 24 studies in the review with a total of 4233 participants, of which 2124 were randomised to benzodiazepines and 1475 to placebo. The remaining 634 participants were randomly assigned to other treatments. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, and the UK. We assessed the overall methodological quality of the included studies as poor. We rated all studies as at unclear risk of bias in at least three domains. In addition, we judged 20 of the 24 included studies to be at a high risk of systematic error (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions overestimating benefits or underestimating harms because of the way the studies were designed). The results of the review suggest that benzodiazapine may be superior to placebo in the short-term treatment of panic disorders. However, the number of participants who dropped out of the studies due to side effects was higher with benzodizapine than with placebo. Furthermore, the clinician's choice of treatment is not between benzodazapine and placebo, but between other active treatments, notably SSRIs, both in terms of efficacy and side effects. Due to these limitations, our results regarding the efficacy of benzoduzapine versus placebo provide only limited guidance for clinical practice. The choice of the treatment should therefore be guided by the patient's preference and should balance benefits and harms from treatment in a long-term perspective.
We found 13 small trials (1520 participants randomised) and three ongoing trials. Seven studies recruited 903 healthy participants, the other studies recruited people at high risk of falling (high blood pressure, high blood sugar, or borderline high blood pressure), elderly people at risk of fall, and people with hypertension with liver and kidney disease. All studies were short term (one year or less) and all had follow-up of one year. There was some suggestion that tai chi may reduce CVD risk factors, but the results were not consistent across all studies. There were no deaths from any cause, all-cause deaths, or non-fatal events, and no studies reported on cardiovascular events. The results of the studies did not show a clear effect on blood pressure. We found that there was no clear evidence of a difference in lipid levels. Quality of life was measured in one trial. We judged the quality of the evidence to be very low. None of the trials reported on adverse events or costs. There are no long-term trials examining the use of tai Chi for the prevention of CVD. There is a need for longer-term, high-quality studies to be carried out to answer this question. This plain language summary is up-to-date as of April 2014.
We searched for studies that compared family-based programmes to no intervention or usual care, or school-based interventions. Twenty-seven studies were included. The interventions were very varied in their components, the other risk behaviours targeted, the age of children at baseline and the length of follow-up. Two studies were tested by two RCTs. One was tested by three studies. The remaining 20 distinct programmes were tested only by one RCT. We were able to combine the results of nine studies (4810 participants) that reported the number of children who had quit smoking at the start of the study. We could not combine these results because there was not enough data. We found that the interventions had a positive impact on preventing children and adolescents from starting to smoke. Most of these studies used intensive programmes. Most studies also looked at the impact of the programmes on family functioning. Based on these results, we can be moderately confident that a family programme might reduce the number who start smoking. The quality of the evidence was downgraded from high to moderate. The main reasons for this were the small number of studies and small numbers of participants, and the fact that some of the studies were of poor quality. There were more studies of high intensity programmes, compared to a control group that received no treatment, than there were for other compairsons. We judged the quality of evidence to be moderate for most outcomes. This means that the results should be interpreted with caution because we could not include data from all the studies.
We included three studies with a total of 451 participants in this review. Two studies compared dexamethasone to placebo, and the third compared a number of other corticosteroid drugs, including metoclopramide, triclosporin, chlorpromazine, and tropisetron, to placebo. The studies lasted from seven to 14 days. We found that people taking dexametramide had less nausea at eight days compared to people taking placebo, but this result was not significant. There was no difference in the frequency of side effects between groups. The quality of this evidence was downgraded by three levels, from high to very low, due to the small number of studies, imprecision (differences between the studies), and the small sample size. There are few studies assessing the effects of steroids on nausea in adult cancer patients. This review found very low-quality evidence, which did not support or refute the use of steroids for this condition. More high quality studies are needed to determine if steroids are effective in this setting.
We included 10 studies in this review. Three studies included HIV-infected children, four children with cystic fibrosis, one each sickle cell disease, cancer and low birth weight babies, and one study included 40 babies with asthma. The studies lasted from seven days to three years. The quality of the evidence was moderate. In children with HIV infection, there was no significant increase in the frequency of adverse events. There was an increased risk of emergence of pathogenic strains of bacteria in two studies. However, there were no serious side effects. There were no significant differences in the number of children who died from any cause. In the one study of children with asthma, a significant decrease in the rate of hospital admission per child-year was seen. There did not appear to be an effect on the quality of life. In two studies there was some evidence that there was a reduction in the occurrence of lung infections in children, but there was not enough data to be sure of this effect. In one study there was an increase in antibiotic resistance. The effect of antibiotic prophylaxis on growth was not consistent across the studies.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs), randomising 519 participants, that compared different gases (i.e. nitrous oxide (three trials), helium (five trials), or room air (one trial) compared to carbon dioxide) in people undergoing abdominal surgery. None of the trials was at low risk of bias. There was insufficient evidence to determine the effects of the gases on the number of people with complications (cardiopulmonary complications (two studies), surgical complications (one study), or surgical morbidity. We could not combine data from two trials (140 participants) which individually showed less pain scores (a difference of about one visual analogue score (a scale of 1 to 10) with less pain) on the first postoperative day, and this was rated as low quality evidence. There were no serious adverse events or serious side effects related to the gases. Four trials (69 participants) compared the use of room air or helium with carbon dioxide. One trial (76 participants) looked at room air and found that people had less pain when they had room air. The quality of the evidence was very low. The safety of the different gases is yet to be established. More trials are needed. The evidence is up-to-date as of February 2019.
This review identified 14 studies investigating dexamethasone. Eight studies enrolling a total of 303 infants investigated the cumulative dosage of corticosteroids given; three studies compared a high dose with a moderate dose and five studies compared the same dose of the drug with a low dose. Four other studies enrolled 762 infants and looked at the timing of the start of treatment. The review of these studies found that there was no difference in the incidence of BPD and neurodevelopmental impairment between the two groups of infants. However, there was an increase in BPD when using a higher dose of dexams. There were no differences in the number of infants who died or had BPD or abnormal development of the brain. The quality of the evidence was assessed as low or very low because of the small number of included studies, differences in study design and small sample sizes, and the lack of long-term data. Therefore, recommendations for the best type of drug, the best dosage, or the best timing of treatment cannot be made based on current level of evidence. A well-designed large randomised trial is urgently needed.
This review of trials found no evidence of benefit from the use of corticosteroids or other anti-inflammatory drugs to reduce the risk of heart valve lesions. However, the trials were old and of poor quality, so their results should be viewed with caution. New trials are warranted to assess the effects of steroid drugs such as prednisone, hydrocortisone, dexamethasone, and prednisolone. Advances in echocardiography will allow more objective and precise assessments of heart outcomes. This plain language summary has been written by a consumer Ben Gray, Service User and Service User Expert, Rethink Rheumatic Fever. Email: [email protected]
We included six studies with a total of 12,294 participants from 79 communities. Two studies that used insecticide spray as a fly control measure found that trachoma was reduced by 55% to 61% with this measure, compared to no intervention. However, this was not confirmed by a second study. Another study found that health education reduced the number of trachomas in one study, however, this has not been confirmed in a more recent study. There is some evidence from two trials that insecticides are effective in reducing trachomatosis, but this effect was not shown in another trial that used them. Two trials on latrine provision have not shown significant reduction of trchoma. Health education had shown a reduction in trachome in one trial, but another did not. Generally there is a dearth of data to determine whether there is an effect of all aspects of the environment in the control of tratchoma. There are some concerns about the methods of these studies.
This review of 15 studies (1043 participants) found that CBT is effective in reducing the symptoms of fatigue at post-treatment compared with usual care, and may be more effective than other psychological therapies in reducing fatigue symptoms. However, the evidence base at follow-up is limited to a small number of studies with inconsistent findings. There is a lack of evidence on the comparative effectiveness of CBT alone or in combination with other treatments, and further studies are required to inform the development of effective treatment programmes for people with CFS.
We found one randomised controlled trial (clinical study where people are randomly put into one of two groups) including 46 people with sickle cell disease. Of the 46 people in the study, seven people withdrew before the start of the trial, leaving 39 people who were not included in the trial. The study lasted for six weeks. The participants were randomised to receive vitamin D3 (cholecalciferol) or placebo (a fake drug) for eight weeks, or placebo for six months. Only 25 people were completed the full six months of follow up. Two people out of the 37 participants in the vitamin D group had missing blood levels of 25-hydroxyvitamin D, therefore the number of people analysed was 37. The vitamin D treatment group had higher serum 25-hypo-Vitamin D (25(OH)D) levels at eight weeks and at 16 weeks, and at 24 weeks, but this was not significant. There was no significant difference of side effects (e.g. tingling of lips or hands). The quality of the evidence for this outcome was low. We found that people taking vitamin D had less pain days compared to those taking placebo, but again, this was low quality evidence. Furthermore, the review found that physical functioning PedsQL score (a test used to measure how well children and adults can perform activities of daily living at school and work) scores were improved in both groups. People in the placebo group had worse quality of life than those in the Vitamin D group, but the difference was small. We considered that the evidence was of low quality. Therefore, we consider that the results of this review are not sufficient to guide clinical practice. Until further good quality evidence is available, doctors and patients should consider the current guidelines for vitamin D supplementation, which include the intake of calcium and vitamin D.
This review includes only one study, which recruited 26 children aged 4 to 12 years. This study compared two treatments: the Nuffield Dyspraxia Programme 3 (NDP-3) and ReST (a form of speech and language therapy) with each other. The study was carried out in Australia. Treatments were given in one-hour sessions, four days a week for three weeks. Speech pathology students delivered the treatments in the English language. Children were assigned to one of the two treatments. Outcomes were assessed before, during, and after therapy. A number of children in each group had restarted treatment by the time of the end of treatment. The evidence is up to date as of September 2014. The results of the study suggest that, when delivered intensively, both NDP-3 and Re ST may improve word accuracy in 4- to 12-year-old children with CAS, measured by the accuracy of production on treated and non-treated words, speech production consistency and the accuracy in connected speech. ReST demonstrated a marginally greater effect than NDP- 3 for accuracy of speech production on non-treatment words, and for accuracy in speech production of at least three word combinations. The quality of the evidence was moderate. We judged all core outcome domains to be low risk of bias. We are unable to say whether either treatment is better than no treatment or treatment as usual. No evidence currently exists to support the effectiveness of other treatments for children with idiopathic CAS without other neurodevelopmental disorders. Further RCTs replicating this study would strengthen the evidence base. Similarly, further trials of other interventions, in other age ranges and populations with CAS and with co-occurring disorders, are needed.
We found four studies that randomised a total of 268 participants. One study conducted in Brazil in both adults and children compared trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole over 20 months to no treatment. The other three studies compared antibiotic treatment to placebo. We judged these three studies to be of low or unclear risk of bias. In all four studies antibiotic was administered orally. The last study, in Brazil, all participants had active retinochoroiditis and were treated for 45 days prior to the start of the study. In the US study of pyrimethamine, the treatment group was given antibiotics for eight weeks, and the control group was not. The study in Brazil found that the people treated with the antibiotics had a similar change in vision at one year. There was no good evidence that the treatment reduced the risk of having a new flare-up. Only the study in the UK study reported the effect of treatment on visual acuity. The UK study found that people treated for four weeks had a reduction in intraocular inflammation. However, in this study all people were treated with steroid medication. In Brazil, the study reported that people with active retinopathy of prematurity were more likely to have an increased risk of eye inflammation than those who had not been treated. There were no differences between the two groups in terms of haemoglobin, leucocyte, and platelet count, nausea, loss of appetite, rash, and joint pain. Two studies (UK and US) reported that there were more side effects in treated participants. These were a fall in haenoglobin and leucocytes, a decrease in platelet counts, and a drop in red blood cell counts. There is currently no evidence that antibiotic treatment leads to better visual outcomes. Further studies are needed to determine the effects of antibiotic treatment on vision. The quality of the evidence was low or moderate for all outcomes. This means that the true effect may be substantially different from
We included 43 trials with a total of 3749 participants. Twenty-two trials (3749 participants) compared the Gamma nail with the sliding hip screw (SHS). The Gamma nail was associated with increased risk of operative and later fracture of the leg and an increased reoperation rate. The SHS was found to be more stable and to have a lower complication rate. Five trials (623 participants) of other nail versus extramedullary hip screw comparisons for trochanteric fracture fractures provided no evidence to show definite differences between the two implants under test. Two trials (65 participants) found that nails with a fixed angle plate were more likely to heal more quickly than fixed nail plates with fixed angle plates for unstable fractures. None of the 10 trials (1491 people) of nail versus non-invasive hip screw comparison for non-rotarctic fractures provided enough evidence to establish definite differences. Further studies are needed to confirm whether more recent designs of nail avoid the complications of previous nails.
We found only one study that met our inclusion criteria and was included in the review. It analysed data for 47 women who had either palliative surgery (n = 27) or surgery with the drug, Octreotide, and reported on survival and perioperative deaths and complications. Women with poor performance status were excluded. Although six (22%) women who received surgery had complications of the operation and three (11%) died of complications, the magnitude of this effect was not reported. The study found that women who were given surgery lived for longer than those who were treated with a drug called, for example, octreotide. However, this result was based on a single study. Quality of life (QoL) was not recorded and side effects of the treatment were not described. We found only low quality evidence to support the use of surgery for the treatment of bowel obstruction. Therefore we are unable to reach definite conclusions about the benefits and harms of the two forms of treatment or to identify groups of women who may benefit from one treatment or the other. There is weak evidence in support of surgical management to prolong survival.
The review of trials found no good evidence that statins improve menstrual regularity or the number of women with PCOS who become pregnant. Statins did, however, improve blood lipid profiles and reduce testosterone levels. There was no evidence to suggest that statin treatment improves hirsutism or acne. There is a need for further research to be done with large sample sizes and to assess clinical outcomes. There were no serious adverse events in any of the included studies.
This review aimed to assess the benefits and risks of palliative treatments for vaginal bleeding in women with advanced cervical cancer. We found no new studies since the last version of this review. We identified only observational data from single-arm studies. There is no evidence from trials to support the use of any of these treatments compared with radiotherapy. We need a randomised controlled trial to assess these treatments. The choice of the treatment will be based on local resources.
The review of trials found that patients treated with temozolomide alone or combined with radiotherapy were more likely to live longer, have a shorter time to progression of the tumour and be free of tumours than radiotherapy alone. In patients with recurrent glioblastoma multiforme, the review found that the combination of the two drugs was as effective as radiotherapy in prolonging the time taken for tumours to grow back and delaying the progression of tumour growth. In the elderly, the combination drug was similar to radiotherapy but with a higher instance of side effects. The review also found that there were more side effects in the elderly than in patients treated alone.
We found two studies that investigated the effects of contracting-in and intermittent training courses on health care use and performance. The findings of one study conducted in Cambodia provide low quality evidence that private contracts with non-governmental (NGO) groups for district health systems management (contracting-in) may improve health care access and utilization. However, it was not found to have an effect on the health of the population. The other study found that training health system managers in the use of health care facilities over 18 months may improve their performance. In three countries in Latin America, managers who were not given the training courses had between 2.4 and 8.3 times more management shortcomings than those who were. No studies that aimed to investigate how to keep health system health workers in place and to recruit and retain them have been found. Other interventions (e.g., government regulations, professional help programs) that might help to retain health system workers and to keep them in place as well as to train health systems managers have not been investigated. More research is needed to determine the effectiveness of these interventions in diverse settings.
We included three studies that involved 123 people. The methods used for blinding the participants and researchers to the treatment group were not reported, but as the comparison is surgical treatment with medical treatment this is hard to avoid. There was no clear evidence of a difference in the number of deaths between the two groups. Out of the 123 people who were randomized and treated, six people died. The causes of death were pneumonia, pulmonary embolism, and septic shock. The three studies reported on mortality, and deaths occurred in two studies. There were some evidence from three small studies that showed that surgical treatment was better than nonsurgical management in reducing pneumonia, chest deformity, and tracheostomy. The studies also reported on length of mechanical support, length of intensive care unit stay, and length of hospital stay. We could not combine these results and have listed them separately. Chest pain, chest tightness, bodily pain, and side effects were each measured in one study. There is some evidence to support the use of surgery for people with COPD. However, the three studies were small and were not of high quality. Further well-designed studies are needed to confirm these results.
Cerivastatin is a drug that lowers cholesterol and is used to lower blood lipid levels. This review evaluated the effects of the drug on the levels of LDL cholesterol, total cholesterol, and triglycerides. Fifty trials with 12,877 participants were included. The trials were of short duration (three to 12 weeks) and the participants were of any age with and without heart disease. We found that, compared to fluvastatin (a class of drugs that lower cholesterol) and atorvastat (a type of drug which lowers cholesterol) or rosuvastata (a drug that reduces triglycerides), cerivastat was about 250-fold more potent than fluvasts, 20-fold stronger than atorvsastatin and 5.5-fold greater than rosuvasastatin in reducing LDL cholesterol. It was also about 233-fold better than fluasts, 18-fold higher than atorsastatin, and six-fold superior to rosuvesastatin at reducing total cholesterol. There was no difference in the effect on HDL cholesterol, but overall, the drug increased HDL cholesterol by 5%. There was a high risk of bias for the outcome withdrawals due to adverse effects, but a low risk for the lipid measurements. Withdrawals due to side effects were not different between the drug and placebo in 11 of the 19 short-term trials. We judged the certainty of evidence for these effects to be high. We did not have enough data to assess harms associated with the drug because of the short duration of the trials and the lack of reporting of adverse effects in 42% of the RCTs.
We included 28 studies which randomised a total of 6851 patients. Most studies compared remote ischaemic preconditioning by clamping with no clamping. The evidence is current to May 2015. We found that remote ischemic preconditionsing by cuff inflation did not reduce the risk of kidney injury in patients undergoing major heart and vascular surgery. However, it probably leads to little or no difference in serum creatinine, adverse effects, need for dialysis, length of hospital stay, death and in the incidence of acute kidney injury. Serious adverse events occurred in four patients receiving iliac clamps. It is uncertain whether remote ischchaemic pre-surgical pressure cuff inflation leads to increased adverse effects compared to control because the certainty of the evidence is low. The available data does not confirm the efficacy of remote waschaemia preconditional intervention in reducing renal ischaemia reperfusion injury.
We included 12 trials with 703 participants in this review. Eight trials primarily investigated the efficacy in treating PSF, of which six trials (with a total of 244 participants) provided data suitable for analysis. These trials investigated five medications: fluoxetine, enerion, (-)-OSU6162, citicoline, a Chinese herbal medicine, and two non-drug treatments: a fatigue education programme and a mindfulness-based stress reduction programme. There was no evidence to suggest that any of these treatments were effective in reducing fatigue. Four trials (248 participants) did not explore the efficacy on fatigue, but other symptoms after stroke. None of these trials showed any benefit on reducing PSF. There were no trials that investigated the effectiveness of any of the interventions described. The quality of the trials was low to moderate, and some had a high risk of bias. Some of the treatments described were feasible in people with stroke, but more research is needed.
We found three randomised controlled trials, enrolling 74 preterm infants, that evaluated the effects of different treatments for high blood pressure. The trials were small and of uncertain quality. One study (Hu 1999) showed that the combination of glucose and insulin was better than cation-exchange resin. The other two studies (Hu 1991 and Singh 2002) showed no difference in the incidence of death or other clinical outcomes. In the study of Hu, the incidence was significantly reduced. In one of the studies, albuterol (a drug used to reduce blood loss) inhalation was compared to saline (a liquid that is pumped through the nose). No serious side effects were noted with either insulin and glucose or albutersol inhalation. Other treatments have not been studied to date. In view of the limited and uncertain evidence, no firm conclusions can be made. The combination of insulin and sugar inhalation is better than treatment with rectal cation resins for the treatment of preterm blood pressure in preterm babies. The two treatments could possibly be tested against each other. No firm conclusions could be made on other treatments (diuretics, exchange transfusion, peritoneal dialysis, and calcium) as none of these treatments have been tested in randomised trials.
This review found that IVIg given within two weeks of onset of disease hastens recovery as much as PE. In children, according to low quality evidence. There were no significant differences in the number of adverse events between the two treatments. In adults, there were no adequate comparisons of IVIG given after PE with placebo, but this review found moderate quality evidence that, in severe disease, IVIIg started two weeks from onset hastens the recovery of the disease. There was no difference in the rate of side effects. More research is needed in mild disease, in patients whose treatment starts more than two weeks after the onset of the illness, and in patients who have a milder disease. Dose-ranging studies are also needed. One is ongoing and one is in progress.
We included 28 randomized clinical trials with a total of 9330 participants. In 21 trials, 7597 participants were randomly assigned to a high fraction of inspired oxygen (60% or higher) or a routine fraction of oxygen (30% or lower) during anaesthesia and surgery. In trials with an overall low risk of bias, a high percentage of inspired air was not associated with death from any cause within the longest follow-up and within 30 days of treatment. In a trial sequential analysis, the required information size was not reached and the analysis could not refute a 20% increase in mortality. Similarly, when all trials were included in the analysis, high percentage inspired oxygen did not reduce the risk of death due to any cause or serious adverse events. In nine trials using preoperative antibiotics, high fraction inspired oxygen was associated with a decrease in surgical site infections. In five trials adequately blinded for the outcome assessment, a similar effect was noted. We did not observe an effect of a high percent inspired oxygen on surgical site infection in any other subgroup analyses. The overall quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. This means that the true effect may be substantially different from the results of this review. The evidence is insufficient to support the routine use of 60% or more inspired oxygen for anaesthesia or surgery.
We found 25 randomised controlled trials (involving 3258 children) that met our inclusion criteria. Twenty-five trials (3663 children) were included in this review. We found moderate quality evidence that children treated with oral antibiotics are more likely to have OME completely resolved two to three months after the start of treatment. However, there is also low quality evidence showing that these children are more than twice as likely to suffer diarrhoea, vomiting or skin rash. We did not find evidence that oral antibiotics reduce the need for a breathing tube. We also found evidence that there was no difference in the number of children who had an ear infection in the short term. We could not find any evidence that antibiotics are associated with a decrease in the rate of a tube being inserted to treat a child with OME. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. This means that the true effect may be quite different from what we have found. We cannot be certain that the effect of oral antibiotics on short-term hearing is the same as what we found. Furthermore, we found no data on the impact of antibiotics on speech, language, cognitive and language development, or quality of life. This review presents both benefits and harms associated with the use of oral antibiotic treatment to treat children up to 16 years of age with otitis media. This has specifically been linked to the widespread use of antibiotics for common conditions such as ear infections in children. Even in situations where clear and relevant benefits of antibiotics have been demonstrated, these must always be carefully balanced against adverse effects and the emergence of bacterial resistance. This plain language summary has been written by a consumer Ben Gray, Senior Peer Researcher, McPin Foundation. http://mcpin.org/
The review of trials found that a low protein diet appears to slightly slow the progression of type 1 diabetes to renal failure. However, this finding is based on a small number of studies. The review also found that the level of protein intake in the intervention groups ranged from 0.7 to 1.1 g/kg/day. We found no data on the effects of LPD on health-related side effects. The results of this review should be interpreted with caution because of the variability of the results. Further longer-term research is needed.
We found 19 studies involving 3480 people. Twelve studies were of good methodological quality, and seven were of lower quality, according to the van Tulder scoring system. Within the subgroup of people with predominantly mild brain injury, we found that most people made a good recovery when they were given appropriate information and advice, and when they received formal treatment. For people with moderate to severe injury, there was some evidence that more intensive rehabilitation was associated with earlier functional gains, and there was evidence that continued outpatient therapy could help to sustain gains made in the early post-acute rehabilitation. In people with more severe brain injury who were already in rehabilitation, we also found that commencing rehabilitation early after injury resulted in better outcomes. For those who were still in hospital, more intensive treatment led to earlier improvements in function, and earlier treatment whilst still in emergency and acute care. In addition, people discharged from in-patient or community-based services were more likely to have access to out-patient care appropriate to their needs. We found that a milieu-oriented model of rehabilitation (where people are provided with a group of people who share their experience of the problem they are trying to solve) in which people are given cognitive rehabilitation in a therapeutic environment, in which they are part of a group, is an effective approach for people with severe brain injuries. The balance between the intensity and cost of the treatment has yet to be determined. Not all questions can be answered by trials. For example, we cannot tell us which treatments work best for which people in the long term, and which models of care represent value for money. In the future, such questions will need to be considered alongside the results of trials conducted in the context of routine practice.
We included one randomised controlled trial (involving 176 women) in this review. This trial compared rooming-in versus separate care. The trial compared four groups of women with a factorial design (i.e. a design in which the women are divided into two or more treatment groups using a random method) and found no difference between the groups in duration of any breastfeeding. There was no difference found between the two groups in the proportion of infants who were exclusively breastfed at six months of age. The mean frequency of breastfeeds per day was 8.3 (standard deviation (SD) 2.2) for the rooming in group, slightly higher than for the separate care group (SD 1.92). The rate of exclusive breastfeeding on day four postpartum before discharge was 86% (99 of 115) in the roomed-in group compared with 45% (17 of 38) of the control group. None of our other pre-specified outcomes (duration of exclusive breastfeed, number of infants breastfed per day, and number of babies who were fully breastfed) were reported. The evidence is up-to-date as of September 2016. We found no evidence to support or refute the practice of rooming the mother into the room and the baby out of the room. Further well-designed studies are needed to investigate full mother-infant rooming and baby separation.
The review of trials found that sanchi may be beneficial for acute ischaemic stroke, but the small number of trials and poor quality of the trials prevented a definite conclusion. The total case fatality rate was lower than 1% in most of the studies, indicating that participants had mild strokes. Few adverse events were reported. More well-designed trials are required.
This review aimed to compare the benefits and disadvantages of different timing methods for implant placement. The review found that there is not enough evidence to determine whether any of the timing methods are better than others. There is a suggestion that implant placement timing may be better when placing implants just after teeth have been extracted. However, there is also no evidence to support or refute the need for augmentation procedures at immediate implants placed in fresh tooth extraction sockets.
We found two randomised controlled trials of clioquinol (PBT1) in 36 patients with mild Alzheimer's dementia. One trial compared PBT1 with placebo in 36 participants. The second trial compared a PBT2 in 78 participants. There was no significant difference between the two treatments in cognition at 36 weeks. One participant in the active treatment group developed vision problems which resolved on stopping treatment. There were some concerns about the quality of the study methodology; there was an imbalance in the treatment and the control groups after randomisation (participants in the control group had a higher mean IQ) and there was a difference in the way in which the results were analysed. There is an absence of evidence as to whether PBT 1 has any clinical benefit for patients with AD, or whether it is safe. Larger trials are now needed to demonstrate the effects of this drug.
We included 36 studies with 2999 participants. Trials were conducted for 14 weeks on average, with some as long as 12 months. Nineteen trials included children. PDE5 inhibitors appear to have clear beneficial effects in group 1 PAH. There was an increased risk of adverse events, especially headache, gastrointestinal upset, flushing and muscle pain, in those treated with these drugs. However, there was no clear evidence of a difference in the number of deaths. There were limited data on other PAH-specific treatments, such as other drugs, and it was not clear which was the most effective. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate, mainly due to the small number of trials, small numbers of participants, and differences in the design of the trials.
We included 22 randomised controlled trials involving a total of 2193 participants. The evidence is current to September 2014. The trials compared nerve stimulation with either single or double injections of local anaesthesia for axillary plexus block for hand, wrist, forearm or elbow surgery. Nine trials comparing multiple with single injections showed a statistically significant decrease in primary anaesthesia failure (high-quality evidence). Pooled data from five trials also showed that the effect size was greater when neurostimulation was used rather than the transarterial technique. Twelve trials compared multiple versus double injections showed an effect size of approximately 20% in both the single and double injection groups. Pooled results from six trials showed that multiple injections resulted in a significant reduction in incomplete motor block. Tourniquet pain was significantly reduced with multiple injections compared with double injections. Otherwise there were no statistically significant differences between groups in any of the three comparisons on secondary analgesia failure, complications and patient discomfort. The time for block performance was significantly shorter for single injection (MD 3.33 minutes) and double injections (MD 1.54 minutes), however there was no difference in time to readiness for surgery. This review provides evidence that multiple-injection techniques using nerve stimulation for axilla plexu block produce more effective anaesthesia than either double or single injection techniques. However, there was insufficient evidence to draw any definitive conclusions regarding differences in other outcomes, including safety.
We found three studies that evaluated the effects of beclomethasone on growth. All three studies compared children with mild-moderate asthma to children with asthma who did not respond to treatment. In all three studies, the growth of the children was reduced by a mean of 1.54 cm. The average decrease in growth was -1.5 cm per year. The studies lasted for a maximum of 54 weeks, so it remains unclear whether the growth decline is sustained or whether the decrease in 'catch up' after treatment is discontinued. We are unable to comment on the growth effects of other inhaled steroids that may have less systemic effects.
This review of three trials (139 patients) found that APD did not differ from CAPD in terms of survival, risk of peritonitis, hernias, PD fluid leaks or PD catheter removal. Patients on APD were more likely to have more time for work, family, social activities and to be discharged from the hospital on time. There was no difference between either PD modality with respect to renal function. There is a need for a larger study comparing CAPD with APD.
This review of 37 trials (9312 patients) found that CRT was superior to RT in terms of survival, progression/relapse and progression-free survival. However, CRT did not seem to be as good as CT in early stages (I-II) HD patients. In advanced stages (III-IV), CRT may be better than CT, but CT alone seems to cause less SM. In addition, IF-RT was better than CRT, but not OS, but there was not enough evidence to be sure of this.
We found 26 studies with a total of 4893 participants. Twenty-five of the studies were case series or uncontrolled long-term trial continuations, the other was an RCT comparing two opioids. Opioids were administered orally (number of study treatments groups [abbreviated as "k"] = 12, n = 3040), transdermally (k = 5, 1628), or intrathecally. Many participants discontinued due to adverse effects (oral: 22.9% [95% confidence interval (CI): 15.3% to 32.8%]; transdermal: 12.1% [ 95% CI: 4.9%) to 27.0%]; or insufficient pain relief (oral 10.3%, [95%) to 13.9%, intrathecal: 7.6% to 14.8%). Findings regarding quality of life and functional status were inconclusive due to an insufficient quantity of evidence for oral administration studies and inconclusive statistical findings for transdermatic and intratheculic administration studies. Many patients discontinue taking opioids (especially oral opioids) due to side effects or lack of pain relief; however, weak evidence suggests that patients who are able to continue opioids long term experience clinically significant pain relief. Whether quality oflife or functioning improves is inconclusive. Many minor side effects (like nausea and headache) occurred, but serious side effects, including iatrogenic opioid addiction, were rare. Signs of opioid addiction were reported in 0.27% of participants in the studies that reported that outcome. All three modes of administration were associated with clinically significant reductions in pain, but pain relief varied among studies.
We found only one trial with a total of 212 participants. The trial compared oxandrolone (20 mg/day, administered orally) with a dose of a placebo (a substance consisting of 98% starch and 2% magnesium). The participants were mainly male (98.2%, 106/108), with a mean age of 58.4 years in the group and 100% male (100%, 104/104) in the placebo group. This trial was stopped early when the results of the interim analysis (interim review) were not conclusive. The evidence is up to date as of February 2016. The study authors reported that oxandolone had no benefit over placebo for improving ulcer healing. There was very low-certainty evidence on the complete healing of pressure ulcers at the end of a 24-week treatment period (downgraded twice for imprecision due to an extremely wide 95% confidence interval (CI) range, which spanned both benefit and harm, and once for indirectness, as the participants were mostly male spinal cord injury patients). Thus, we are uncertain about the effect of anabolic steroids on complete healing. The certainty of the evidence was low or very low for the following outcomes: 1. The risk of serious adverse events reported in participants treated with anabolic steroid compared with placebo; 2. the risk of non-serious side effects reported in people treated with a placebo; 3. pain, length of hospital stay, change in wound size or wound surface area, incidence of different type of infection, cost of treatment and quality of life were not reported in the included trial. We are uncertain whether anabolic drugs increase or decrease serious side effects as we assessed the certainty of this evidence as very low. There is no high quality evidence to support the use of steroids in treating pressure ulcer. Further well-designed, multicenter trials, at low risk of bias, are necessary to assess the effect on the treatment of pressure Ulcers, but
We found six randomised controlled trials involving 8372 people. Four trials compared email communication to standard mail and two compared it to usual care. There was no difference between the groups for patient or caregiver understanding and support. There were no data relating to health professionals or harms. For the primary health service outcome, the use of email was no different from the standard use of standard mail. For other outcomes, such as patient health status and well being, there was no significant difference. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. All trials were judged to be at high risk of bias. The available trials mostly provide inconclusive, or no evidence, for the outcomes of interest. The results of this review should be interpreted with caution because of the limited number of trials and the small number of people included in them. Future research needs to use high-quality studies that take account of the most recent developments in information technology. It needs to consider the complexity of email as an intervention.
The review includes 11 trials involving 855 participants. A total of nine trials used the addition of post-Epley postural restrictions as their method of treatment. There was no evidence of a difference in the results for vertigo intensity. Pooled data identified a significant difference in frequency of Dix-Hallpike test conversion between the Epley group and the control group. In the experimental group 88.7% (220 out of 248) patients and 78.2% (219 out of 280) patients in the control groups converted from a positive to a negative test. There were no serious adverse effects, however three studies reported some minor complications, such as neck stiffness, BPPV, dizziness, dizzy spells, and disequilibrium. No evidence of benefit of mastoid oscillation was found, nor was there evidence of an additional step in an 'add on' version of the 'elevated' form. No adverse effects were reported. There is some evidence that postural restriction of the head and neck muscles (postural restrictions) may be effective in the treatment of people with typical bPPV. However, it should be noted that this is a small improvement in the efficacy of the treatment. Postural restrictions do not expose most people to risk of harm, do not pose a major inconvenience, and can be routinely discussed and advised.
We found four studies (231 participants randomised) that compared different types of surgery with various types and doses of steroids. There were three comparison pairs: (1) endoscopy versus systemic steroids; (2) polypectomy versus steroids; and (3) ESS plus steroids versus antibiotics plus high-dose topical steroid. The studies were of very low quality. We found no studies that were at low risk of bias. No studies reported recurrence rates. There was no evidence that one type of treatment was better than another in terms of patient-reported symptoms and quality of life scores. Complications were not reported in all studies, but rates of up to 21% for medical treatment and 14.3% for surgical treatment are described. Epistaxis (inflammation) was the most common complication with both medical and surgical treatments, with severe complications reported rarely. The quality of this evidence is low or low. As the overall quality of the evidence is very low, we are not able to draw any firm conclusions about which type of surgery is better for people with chronic rhino-nose disease with nasal polyps. We need more research in this area.
We included eight trials with a total of 709 participants. Seven trials were from Asia, Africa, Europe, and Latin America, and four trials from the United States. The interventions lasted between one and nine months. Four trials compared the effect of zinc-fortified staple foods with unfortified foods (comparison 1), and four compared the same foods in combination with other nutrients/factors with other foods containing other nutrients or factors without zinc. The trials were conducted in middle-income countries. The evidence is current to September 2016. We found that foods fortified with zinc increased the levels of zinc in the blood compared to foods without added zinc (low-quality evidence). We did not find a difference in serum or plasma zinc levels when compared with participants consuming foods with zinc plus other micronutrients but no added zinc. No trial in comparison 2 provided information about underweight or stunting. There was no reported adverse effect of adding zinc to foods with iron or copper on indicators of iron and copper status. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all of the outcomes. Most of the trials had problems with their design or conduct that could lead to overestimation of benefits and underestimation of harms. We rated the quality of evidence as low for the outcomes of zinc deficiency and underweight, and low for other outcomes. Further research is needed to assess the effects of zinc fortification of foods on other outcomes including zinc deficiency, children’s growth, cognition, work capacity of adults, or on haematological indicators. Given the small number of trials and participants in each trial, further investigation of these outcomes is required.
We included 11 studies involving 3060 men with metastatic prostate cancer. The evidence is current to September 2015. The studies compared the use of non-steroidal antiandrogens with medical or surgical castration for men with advanced prostate cancer, and compared the effects of nonsteroidal drugs on cancer-specific survival, clinical progression, treatment failure and treatment discontinuation due to side effects. The quality of evidence was moderate for overall survival, cancer progression and treatment failure. The risk of side effects, such as breast pain, gynaecomastia and hot flashes, was increased when non-stimulant drugs were used. The effects of the use non-sertraline drugs on the cancer-related survival and cancer-relevant progression were unclear. The overall quality of the evidence was low for all outcomes. The main limitations of this review were the small number of included studies and the risk of bias in the included studies. Further research is likely to have an important impact on results for patients with advanced but non-metastatic cancer treated with antiandrogen monotherapy. However, we believe that research on this treatment is likely not necessary.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared screening versus no screening for breast cancer in women of childbearing age. We found eight eligible trials. The trials included 600,000 women in the analyses. Three trials did not show a reduction in breast cancer deaths at 13 years. Four trials with adequate randomisation showed that breast cancer mortality was reduced by 15% after 10 years. We did not find an effect of screening on death from any cause or on all causes after 13 years, or on the number of women with breast cancer. The use of radiotherapy was also increased in the screened groups. The overall risk of breast cancer overdiagnosis and overtreatment was 30% in the trials. If we assume that screening reduces the risk of death from breast cancer by 15%, it means that for every 2000 women who are screened, one will avoid dying of cancer, and 10 healthy women who would not have been diagnosed if there had not been screening, will be treated unnecessarily. Furthermore, more than 200 women, who are not screened, will experience psychological distress for years because of false positive findings. We have written a leaflet for lay people that is available on www.cochrane.dk.
We included four studies, with a total of 522 women, in the review. Three studies investigated 10,000 units hCG priming compared to no priming, and one study compared 20,000 unit hCG compared to 10.000 units of priming. One study only included women with PCOS (N = 122), while this was an exclusion criteria in the fourth study (n = 400). We rated all four studies as having an unclear risk of bias in more than one of the seven domains assessed. The quality of the evidence was low, the main limitations being lack of blinding and imprecision. We found no conclusive evidence that priming had an effect on live birth, pregnancy, or miscarriage rates in IVM. There was low quality evidence that suggested that hCG may reduce clinical pregnancy rates, however, these findings were limited by the small number of data included. As no data were available on adverse events (other than miscarriage) or on drug reactions, we could not adequately assess the safety of hCG Priming. We need further evidence from well-designed randomised controlled trials before we can come to definitive conclusions about the role of the priming and the optimal dose and timing.
This review of trials found that both ERT and HRT do not prevent cognitive decline. There is good evidence that both types of hormone therapy are not effective in older postmenopausal women. It is not known whether either type of treatment has specific effects in subgroups of women, but there was some evidence that HRT was associated with a decrement in a number of memory tests and a small improvement in a test of memory. It remains to be determined whether factors like age, type of menopause (surgical or natural), mode of treatment (transdermal, oral or in the muscle), dosage, and dosage have positive effects. In addition, whether the absence or presence of symptoms can affect treatment effects should be investigated. Large RCTs are currently underway in the USA and these may be able to provide answers to these questions by the year 2010. In the meantime, ERT or HRT cannot be recommended for treatment of older women who do not have cognitive impairment.
We included two studies with a total of 880 participants. Both studies lasted 12 weeks. We identified one ongoing trial with 80 participants. They were published as full articles and neither study was at low risk of bias in all domains. We are uncertain whether once-daily fluticasone/vilanterol 100/25 mcg inhaler, combined with tiotropium 18 mcg, is better than LAMA for treatment of people with COPD. We found no difference between the two inhalers in terms of side effects. We also found no differences in the number of people who had a COPD flare-up and who had to be admitted to hospital. We rated the quality of the evidence from the two studies as very low, meaning that we are uncertain as to whether one inhaler is better or worse than the other. The short follow-up period of both studies and the very low quality of evidence limit our confidence in the result and increase uncertainty. We need longer trials of longer duration.
This review identified four short-term randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 169 participants, that evaluated the effects of CBT and SRIs in patients with BDD. Results from these studies suggest that CBT (alone or in combination with CBT) and CBIs may be useful in the treatment of BDD, but more research is needed. In addition, future studies in other samples, such as adolescents, and in other selective SRIs, as well as other psychological therapies (alone and in combination), are essential. The findings of these studies need to be replicated.
This review identified three randomised controlled trials (involving 268 adults) that examined cotrimoxazole prophylaxis in people with HIV/AIDS. These studies found a beneficial effect of a desensitized protocol over a rechallenge protocol at six months of follow-up for preventing the discontinuation of the drug and for a lower incidence of overall hypersensitivity. In the small trials included in this review, the use of a protocol to desensitate the patient to the drug results in fewer treatment discontinuations and fewer adverse reactions. No severe reactions occurred for either protocol in the three studies.
We included three trials enrolling 148 newborns in this review. We found no new trials for this update. We considered these trials to be of moderate quality according to GRADE assessment. Each study showed a statistically significant higher sedation level in the midazolam group compared with the placebo group. However, we could not ascertain whether this effect was observed in preterm infants. The length of stay in the NICU was longer in two of the studies. One study (43 infants) found that babies receiving midazoledam were less likely to have low prematurity pain profile (PIPP) scores at 28 days postnatal age. Another study (46 infants) observed a higher risk of adverse neurological events (death, grade III or IV IVH or PVL) in the morphine group compared to the placebo. We assessed the quality of the evidence for these outcomes as moderate. We did not find any evidence to support the use of midazoleam as a sedative for neonates in the neonatal intensive care unit.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials involving 767 participants. The evidence is up to date as of September 2014. There is no evidence of benefit for antibiotics in NTS diarrhoea in otherwise healthy people. We are uncertain of the effects in very young people, very old people, and in people with severe and extraintestinal disease. A slightly higher number of adverse events were noted in people who received antibiotic treatment for NTS. Non-severe adverse drug reactions were more common among the patients who received antibiotics. The quality of the evidence was very low.
We included 23 studies (n = 4192) in this review. The studies were diverse in terms of age, gender, main diagnosis, setting, country, sepsis criteria, and origin of infection. We considered all studies to be at high risk of bias due to issues with the way they were conducted. We found that the studies varied in their methods and results. We could not combine the results of individual studies to obtain a formal estimate of the accuracy of the test. We calculated that if we test a cohort 1000 adult patients who are suspected to be septic, we will find that 330 of them would be wrongly diagnosed, while 130 would not be. In addition, 370 patients would avoid unnecessary antibiotic therapy, and 170 would be undiagnosed. If we test the blood of 1000 patients who have not been suspected of a septic shock, we would find that 370 would be correctly diagnosed, and 370 would not need antibiotics. However, we found that this result should be treated with caution due to the limitations described above. The 20 studies awaiting classification may alter the conclusions of the review once they are fully published.
We included 29 randomised controlled trials (5718 participants) in this review. Four trials compared wound dressings with no wound dressing. The remaining 25 studies compared alternative types of wound dressing, with the majority of these comparing a basic dressing with film dressings, silver dressings or hydrocolloid dressings. There were 16 trials that included people who had wounds resulting from surgical procedures with a 'clean' classification. Five trials included people having what was considered 'clean/contaminated' surgery. Four of the studies were small, reported low numbers of SSI events, and were often not clearly reported. There was very low certainty of evidence that wound exposure or any dressing reduces the risk of wound infection compared with alternative options. We are not sure whether covering surgical wounds by dressing them by hand or by applying a dressing is better than not covering them, or whether dressing a wound by hand is better or worse than using a dress. There is uncertainty whether dressing wounds by film, silver, hydrocoloid or silver-containing dressings is better, worse or the same as dressing by hand, or is easier to remove. The certainty of the evidence was low or very low for most comparisons (and low for others), with downgrading (according to GRADE criteria) largely due to risk of bias and imprecision. We summarise the results of comparisons with meta-analysed data below: - film and silver-based dressings compared with basic wound contact dressings following clean surgery (very low certainty evidence downgraded once for risk of biases and twice for imprecise results). - silver-and-film dressings versus basic dressing following potentially contaminated surgery (low certainty evidence) - silver and silver containing dressings vs basic dressing after clean surgery. - silver containing versus basic dressings after potentially contaminated operation (high certainty evidence). We are uncertain whether any particular wound dressing is more effective than others in reducing or increasing the rate of wound infections, improving scarring
We included two randomised controlled trials. One trial compared oral 100 microgram selenium yeast tablets with placebo (dummy tablets). The trial randomised 179 women, but the data were only provided for 85 women. The other trial compared DHA and eicosapentaenic acid with placebo. Eighty-three women were randomised to each arm of the study. Sixty-one women completed the placebo arm, 44 of whom completed a postnatal depression scale, and 41 completed an EPDS. This included study (n = 85) found that women who were given seenium had an effect on EPDS scores but did not reach statistical significance. There was a high risk of attrition bias due to a large proportion of women withdrawing from the study or not completing the EPDS, and there was no difference in the effect of the intervention on the number of women who completed the scale. The trial did not report on any of the other outcomes of this review. The women who discontinued treatment (five in the EPA arm, four in the DHA group, and seven in the placebo group) were included in the intention-to-treat group, while those who were lost to follow-up were not. No benefit was found in terms of the presence of postnatal postpartum depression at six to eight weeks after birth, the women who started taking antidepressants, or the number women who lost blood at birth. The primary outcome measure was the Beck Depression Index (BDI) score at the fifth visit. No difference was found for EPA-rich fish oil (MD 0.70, 95% confidence interval (CI) -1.78 to 3.18) or DHA-rich Fish oil supplementation (MD -0.20, 95 CI -2.61 to 2.21) in preventing postpostnatal depression. There is currently no evidence to recommend any other dietary supplement for preventing postnatal depressive disorders.
We identified 11 studies that evaluated different doses of anthracycline and different types of peak doses. Seven of the 11 studies (803 participants) evaluated different durations of the drug. We found that an infusion of six hours or more reduces the risk of heart failure, and it seems to reduce the risk for heart damage. We did not find a difference in the number of patients with heart failure in people who were given a dose of less than 60 mg/m2. However, we cannot be sure about this finding, since there was only a small amount of data for children, and data obtained in people with solid tumours cannot be extrapolated to children. We identified no evidence that the dose of doxorubicin increased the risk that a person would experience heart failure. We could not find any evidence that a higher dose was better or worse than a lower dose. We cannot be certain about the effect of the higher dose on the health of the heart. We need more high-quality research in this area.
We included 37 studies with a total of 3110 participants in this review. Nine studies were new studies since the last update (2009) and five studies had been previously excluded but were included in the 2017 update. Most studies included both adults and children. The duration of treatment for people with TBI ranged from 24 hours to two weeks. Thirty-three studies reported deaths, 31 studies reported unfavourable outcomes (death, vegetative state or severe disability), and 14 studies reported pneumonia. We considered duration of hypothermia therapy and the length of follow-up in collected data for these subgroups; differences in study data remained such that we did not perform a meta-analysis. We judged the quality of the evidence for each outcome to be very low. The studies were generally poorly reported and we were unable to assess risk of bias adequately. Heterogeneity was evident both in the trial designs and participant inclusion. Inconsistencies in results may be explained by heterogeneity among study participants or bias introduced by individual study methodology, but we could not explore this in detail in subgroup or sensitivity analyses. Despite a large number of studies, there remains no high-quality evidence to support the use of low-temperature treatment for TBI.
This review identified three studies, involving 519 people with depression. The studies were very diverse in terms of interventions, participants, and measuring instruments. The results of the studies were mixed. Despite fairly good methodological quality of some studies, there was not enough high quality evidence to draw any firm conclusions about the effectiveness of family therapy in the treatment of depression. At this point, use of psychological treatments for depression, for which there is already an evidence-base, would seem to be preferable.
This review identified three trials involving a total of 206 participants with vascular dementia. All trials were assessed as being at high risk of bias. All three included trials described the adverse events in detail. There was no evidence to support the use of Duxil for dementia. Behaviour problems, quality of life, and carers' burden were not assessed in the included trials.
The review of trials found that people who had a drain inserted after lymphadenectomy were less likely to have a seroma, and had fewer post-operative seroma aspirations. There was no difference in the number of people who developed infection. However, drains did increase the length of time people spent in hospital. There were no differences in the risk of lymphoedema, nor was there any difference between those who had drains and those who did not.
The review found eight studies with 390,769 participants. Five studies used a cohort design, two were case-control studies and one a randomised controlled trial. The results of these studies were contradictory. There was no evidence that a total flavonoid intake reduced the risk of colon cancer. For Isoflavones, the results were conflicting. For Flavan-3-ols, there was some evidence that increased intake of Flavan 3-ols reduced both the risk and the number of colorectal adenomas. For procyanidin, there is some evidence to suggest that a higher intake of the flavonoids could be beneficial. There is no evidence to support that high anthocyanin or high phytoestrogen intake had an inverse association with colon cancer, but more research is needed to clarify this.
We included seven trials with a total of 1369 participants in this review. Five trials used our first definition of slow responders, and three other trials (including one that used both) used the second definition. The length of treatment ranged from 48 weeks to 72 weeks. All trials had high risk of bias. None of the trials mentioned our primary outcomes. However, regarding the other outcomes, we found that extending the treatment to a period of 72 weeks led to a higher proportion of patients with HCV genotype 1 infected patients who had a sustained response to the treatment. There was no difference in the number of patients who relapsed. The number of people who had detectable HCV RNA was lower in the groups that had been treated for 72 weeks using both definitions. In the single trial that reported side effects, no difference was seen between the two treatment groups. There were no deaths reported in the trials, and the reporting of clinical outcomes and side effects was insufficient. More data are needed to decide whether or not to continue the treatment of HCV infected patients for a longer period of time.
We found only two studies that met our inclusion criteria. Both studies evaluated the accuracy of EUS in assessing the resectability of people with pancreatic cancers. There was low concern about the applicability of the test for most domains. The overall risk of bias was low in one study. The second study was unclear or high in one of the two studies. Based on two small studies (34 participants) there is significant uncertainty in the utility of EU in people with pancreas found to have resectable disease on CT scan. This means that 13% of people (95% CI 3% to 39%) with a positive EUS (EUS indicating a potential to remove the cancer) and 20% (5% to 53%) of people without EUS have a cancer that has not yet been removed. There is no clear evidence to show that EUS should be performed routinely in people who have pancreatic cancer. No studies have been done on people with cancer of the periampullary (head and neck) region.
This review identified 34 studies (2169 participants with blepharitis) that evaluated the effectiveness of treatments for blepharyngitis. There were 20 studies (14 RCTs and 6 CCTs) involving 1661 participants, of which 20 studies included 1661 with either anterior or mixed blephARitis and 14 studies (12 RCTS and 2 CCTS) included 508 participants with either posterior or staphylococcus aureus. The studies varied in terms of the types of treatments, the type of participants, and the way the studies were conducted. Topical antibiotics, such as topical steroids, were shown to provide some symptomatic relief, and were effective in eradicating bacteria from the eyelid margin. Lid hygiene may provide symptomatic symptom relief for anterior and posterior blephritis. The effectiveness of other treatments, including topical steroids and oral antibiotics, were inconclusive. There is no strong evidence for any of these treatments in curing chronic blephareitis. Commercial products are marketed to consumers and prescribed to patients without substantial evidence of effectiveness. Further research is needed to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of such treatments. Outcomes of interest should be patient-centered and measured using validated questionnaires or scales. It is important that participants be followed long-term, at least one year, to assess chronic outcomes properly. Any RCT designed for this purpose should separate participants by type of condition in order to minimize imbalances between groups (type I errors) and to achieve statistical power for analyses (preventing type II errors). Medical interventions and commercial products should be compared with conventional lid hygiene measures, like warm compresses and eyelid washing, to determine effectiveness, as well as head-to-head to show comparative effectiveness between treatments.
We found one trial with a total of 23 participants. This study was at high risk of bias. None of our primary outcomes were measured in the study and only one of our secondary outcomes (reduction in volume of disease) was measured. There was no difference between the groups. Adverse effects reported included swelling of the airway requiring intubation in a child with RRP. There is not enough evidence from trials to determine if photodynamic therapy improves the course of RRP or provides an added benefit to surgery. More trials are needed to evaluate the benefits and harms of photodynamic therapies. Outcomes such as improvement in symptoms, voice and quality of life should be measured. We rated the quality of the evidence as very low. This means that further research is very likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the results.
We identified 42 studies with 4220 participants. Twenty studies provided accuracy data based on the number of people in the studies. Sixteen of these studies evaluated the accuracy of CDUS. These studies were generally of moderate to low quality. In six studies (40%) of the studies, the time between the two tests was unclear or longer than four weeks. In eight studies (50%), the blinding of the participants to the test or the reference standard was not clear. In two studies (12%), the interpretation of the test and its results was not clearly reported. Based on the results of 18 studies, CDUS was superior to CDUS in terms of sensitivity. The improvement in sensitivity with of contrast use was statistically significant. The results of eight studies, comparing CDUS with CDUS, showed that CE-CDUS showed high specificity. In conclusion, we found that CDUS is more accurate than CDUS for ruling in endoleaks.
We found seven studies, with 766 participants, which compared sterile water with saline, subcutaneous (injected into the skin), or both. The evidence is current to August 2015. The studies were of good methodological quality, but four studies were at high risk of bias due to small size of treatment groups, incomplete outcome data, and performance bias. All studies reported on low back pain in labour only. The results showed that women who had sterile water experienced greater pain relief than women who received saline. However, the studies did not show a difference in pain relief for women who were given sterile water compared with saline. There was no significant difference between sterile water and saline for rates of caesarean section, instrumental delivery, rescue analgesia, timing of delivery, or Apgar scores. Two studies reported that more women treated with sterile water would request the same analgesia in future. No study reported on women's satisfaction with pain relief, women's sense of control in labour, women’s satisfaction with the childbirth experience, mother/baby interaction, rates of breastfeeding, maternal morbidity, infant long-term outcomes, or cost. No adverse events were reported other than transient pain with injection, which was worse with the sterile water. The outcomes reported severely limit conclusions for clinical practice. We found little robust evidence that sterile water is effective for low back or any other labour pain. Neither did we find any difference in delivery or other maternal or fetal outcomes. Further large, method rigorous studies are required to determine the efficacy of sterile water to relieve pain in childbirth.
We included 12 studies with a total of 1932 participants in this review. The evidence is current to January 2015. The studies compared glue versus sutures for mesh fixation in people with Lichtenstein hernia repair. We found that glue may reduce chronic pain in the short-term (10 studies, 1418 participants) compared with the suture group. However, the results changed when we looked at the type of mesh. The reduction of chronic pain was less profound and insignificant in studies using lightweight mesh. In studies using heavyweight mesh, we found that there was a significant benefit from the fixation with glue. Hernia recurrence was similar between the two groups. Fixation with glue was superior to suture regarding duration of the operation, haematoma, and recovery time to daily activities. We also looked at adverse events. There were no significant differences between the groups for superficial wound infection, mesh/deep infection, and persisting numbness. Finally, six trials involving 1009 participants reported postoperative length of stay, resulting in non-significant difference between the group of participants receiving glue and the group receiving suture. Due to the lack of data, it was impossible to draw any distinction between synthetic glue and biological glue. The quality of the evidence was moderate to low for most of the outcomes. Nearly half of the included trials either did not provide adequate information or had high risk of bias regarding blinding processes. Two trials did not report on some important outcomes. One study was funded by the manufacturer producing the fibrin sealant. Therefore, according to the 'Summary of findings' tables, the quality of evidence for the outcomes is moderate.
We found 32 studies addressing technical editing and 66 surveys of reference accuracy. Only three studies were randomised controlled trials. There is some evidence that the 'package' of technical editing used by biomedical journals does improve papers. A package of processes (such as a 'package') applied between acceptance and publication was associated with fewer errors in abstracts (two studies) and references (three studies). Providing instructions to authors (one study) led to improved reports of ethics in one study, but no difference was seen in the quality of abstracts in another. Structuring (e.g. abstracts) improved the overall quality of the abstracts, but increased their length. The studies showed that a substantial number of references in biomedical articles were cited or quoted inaccurately.
We included 15 studies including 721 participants with cancer pain due to diverse types of cancer. Most studies were performed on adults; there were no children. The included studies were of adequate quality, but all except for one were of small study size, and six were judged to be at high risk of bias, because of missing data or high drop-out rates. Three studies used a parallel design; the remainder were cross-over trials. Twelve studies used codeine as a single agent, and three combined it with paracetamol. Ten studies included a dummy drug, and 14 included one or more of the 16 different active drug comparators or compared different routes of administration. Five studies used the effect of a single dose of medication, and five used treatment periods of one, seven or 21 days. There were no data for children. We found that codeine was more effective against cancer pain than placebo, but with more side effects. In multiple-dose studies, nausea, vomiting, and constipation were common, with somnolence (sleepiness) and dizziness frequent. The risk of withdrawal from the studies was less than 10% except in two studies. Three deaths, in all cases due to cancer, were reported. The quality of the evidence was poor. Only two studies reported the number of people with any side effects, and only one reported serious side effects; in both these studies, people dropped out of the studies.
This review identified 12 trials of 563 people with HbSS, HbSC or HbSβthal, aged six to 35 years old, who were African-American. Interventions ranged from a total of one hour to weekly sessions for eight weeks. The number of participants in the trials ranged from 11 to 35. The trials were conducted in a variety of settings. The overall quality of the trials was moderate to high. There were differences in the type of educational program, the way in which it was conducted and the length of the interventions. This may have affected the results. There was evidence from four trials (160 participants) to suggest that educational programs improve patient knowledge, but the effect was small and may not be of clinical benefit. Caregiver knowledge, also improved. The effect on knowledge was sustained for longer than for caregivers. No evidence was found of an effect on depression. No effects were seen on coping, family relationships or health- related quality of life. No studies were found on the recognition of signs and symptoms of disease-related morbidity. No data were reported for patients or their caregivers (or both) in terms of recognising signs or symptoms and self-management. No study was found for the use of health services. The quality of evidence was low for positive coping, moderate for child knowledge, healthcare utilization, depression and depression. This suggests that more research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the results and may change them.
We included six randomised controlled trials (studies in which people are randomly assigned to one of two or more treatments) with 2411 participants. All six studies included adult participants with focal epilepsy. All participants were between 16 and 80 years old, and the duration of treatment ranged from 7 to 16 weeks. Only one of the studies included people with both focal and generalised onset seizures. Five of the six included people who had focal onset seizures only. One study did not report all outcomes that were planned in the trial protocol, and one did not describe how blinding was maintained. The evidence is current to August 2016. The review found that people taking brivaracetam add-on were more likely to experience a 50% or greater reduction in seizure frequency than those taking placebo. They were also more likely than people taking placebo to achieve seizure freedom. The incidence of treatment withdrawal for any reason, as well as the risk of participants experiencing one or more adverse events, was not significantly different following treatment with brivar acetam compared to placebo. However, participants receiving brivaractam did appear to be significantly more likely due to adverse events to withdraw from treatment specifically because of adverse events compared with those receiving placebo. It is important to note that only one of these studies included participants with generalised epilepsy. None of the included studies included children under the age of 16, and all studies were of short duration. Consequently, these findings are mainly applicable to adult patients with drug-resistant focal epilepsy, and future research should focus on investigating the tolerability and efficacy of brivarateam during longer-term follow-up.
We included 38 studies, mostly from high-income countries, many of which examined mothers' perceptions of vaccine communication. Some focused on the MMR vaccine. In general, parents wanted more information than they were getting (high confidence). Lack of information led to worry and regret (moderate confidence). Parents wanted balanced information, presented clearly and simply, and tailored to their needs (low confidence). They wanted vaccination information to be available in a wider range of settings, including outside health services, and in good time before each visit to the hospital (low certainty). Parents viewed health workers as an important source of information (high certainty). Poor communication and negative relationships with health workers may have impacted on vaccination decisions (moderate certainty). Some parents found it difficult to know which vaccination information source they could trust, and it was challenging to find information they felt was unbiased. The amount parents wanted and the sources they felt could be trusted appeared to be linked to more vaccination uptake, with parents who were more willing to accept the vaccine (low to moderate confidence). We have high or moderate confidence in the results of the review. We have low or very low confidence in some of the findings, mainly due to the small number of studies and the small sample size. Further research in low- to middle-income country settings could strengthen the findings.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials, with a total of 599 anorexia nervosa participants, and included them in the review. Two of the 10 trials included children. Trials tested diverse psychological therapies and compared them with each other. The quality of the evidence was very low, mainly due to the small number of studies and the small sample sizes. The results suggest that treatment as usual (TAU) may be less efficacious than focal psychodynamic therapy. However, this is based on just one trial. There were no differences in the number of people who dropped out of the trials. Two trials found a non-specific type of therapy (Specialist Supportive Clinical Management), or an Optimised TAU (where the treatment is delivered by a therapist with eating disorder skills) to be more effective than a specific specialist therapy. Dietary advice as a control group had a 100% non-completion rate. None of the studies found any adverse effects. There was a suggestion that a specific type of psychological therapy (focal psychodynamic) might be better than TAU, but this is in the context of TAU performing poorly. There appeared to be no difference in the numbers of people dropping out. The evidence is up to date as of April 2015. We found no evidence that specific individual psychological therapies are superior to any other specific approach. The overall quality of evidence was low. The main limitations of the included studies were the small numbers of participants and the poor reporting of study methods. Larger, longer-term studies are needed.
The review included 516 participants from three randomised controlled trials. One study was conducted in the USA and consisted of two trials: the first trial randomized 151 adults to receive silicone oil or sulfur hexafluoride (SF6). The second trial, which had a power of 80% to detect differences between the two groups, was a multi-centre international trial. The third trial randomized 94 adults (age range not specified) to receive heavy silicone oil (a mixture of a perfluorohexyloctane (F6H8) and silicone oil) or standard silicone oil. The first two trials were funded by the National Eye Institute, and the third trial was sponsored by the German Research Foundation. All three trials appear to be free of bias. The use of either perfluropropane gas or silicone oil was not shown to be superior to the other two drugs. There were no major differences in the outcomes between silicone oil and perfluoropropane gas, or between the other three drugs, in terms of achieving at least 5/200 visual acuity (a measure of how well the eyesight is set) or achieving macular attachment (a process of fixing the damaged area of the retina). There were also no differences in outcomes between the three drugs in the change in vision at one year. Of the 94 participants, four died, 26 had a retinal detachment, 22 developed glaucoma, four had cataract, and two had capsular fibrosis. None of the three trials employed masking of patients and surgeons, and in one trial, only one trial masked outcome assessors. The overall quality of the evidence was high. The evidence is up-to-date as of April 2014.
We included five randomised controlled trials (involving 1819 women) in this review. There was a lower risk of maternal deaths and severe morbidity for women who planned early delivery. There were no clear differences between subgroups in terms of the gestational age, gestational week or condition of the women. Planned early delivery was associated with less risk of HELLP syndrome, and severe renal impairment (one study). There was not enough information to be able to draw any conclusions about the effects on the combined outcomes of infant deaths or severe illness. There is no clear difference between groups in the length of hospital stay for the mother or the baby after delivery, or in the number of caesarean sections. The evidence was of high quality. The level of evidence was graded high (composite maternal mortality and morbidity) and moderate (cochrane review quality). Where the evidence was downgraded, it was because of the wide range of confidence intervals, which meant we could not be certain that the results were valid.
We found six studies (including 142 participants) that compared prophylactic clotting factor concentrates with on-demand treatment. Two studies compared three times-a-week (three times per week) or weekly (7.5 IU/kg per week per month) clotting factors with on demand treatment. The remaining four studies compared hemophilia A and B with placebo. We found that there is strong evidence that proprophylaxis prevents bleeding and joint bleeds in children and adults with blood clots in the joints. There is not enough evidence to determine which is the best way to give blood clotting controls. We also found that patients treated with proproprylaxis were less likely to have a joint bleed in the long term. There was no difference between the two groups in terms of the number of patients who had a clot in the joint. We did not find any evidence that there was an advantage of one treatment over the other for the reduction in the frequency of bleeds. There were also no differences between the groups of patients with an increased risk of adverse events. We conclude that there are few studies that have been done to assess the best treatment for preventing clotting problems in people with blood in their joints. More research is needed.
We included 13 studies in this review. In total, 13 trials involving 1824 participants met the inclusion criteria for this review, however, data in usable format were only available in 10 trials (732 participants). We found one new study in this update. We were unable to pool data for any of the outcomes due to the differences between the treatments assessed. Eight studies aimed to induce remission; overall survival did not differ between treatment groups. In two out of three studies reporting survival, this was substantial but there was no difference between the two groups. Five trials aimed to maintain remission. In these studies, survival was not statistically significant. In conclusion, we found no strong evidence that less aggressive treatment schedules are more effective than more aggressive treatments for treatment of BL. However, more recent studies have shown a preference for less aggressive treatments.
This review found two studies involving 447 (with sample sizes of 14 and 432) RhD negative women. In both studies the women received a 1500 IU (300 microgram) dose of Rhophylac during week 28 of gestation. There was no incidence of RhD alloimmunize in either of the studies, as the sample size was too small for a meaningful comparison of this outcome. One of the two studies found that the mean anti-D IgG concentrations varied up to seven days (36.1 IgG ng/mL IV; 19.8 IgG mg/mL IM on day seven). However, from two to three weeks post-administration, the average IgG levels were similar for both methods of administration. None of the women involved in these studies were able to develop antibodies to RhD. It appears that both methods are equally effective. Anti-D can be administered by injection or by injection. The choice of an IM or an IV dose will depend on the available preparations, the dose to be given and the patients' preferences.
The review of trials found eight studies with a total of 21,379 patients with diabetes. Three trials compared ticlopidine to aspirin or placebo. Five trials investigated clopidogrel versus aspirin or aspirin plus dipyridamole. One trial compared a combination of two different ADP receptor antagonists (clopidOGrel plus aspirin) to aspirin alone. The trials did not show any difference in the risk of death from any cause, vascular or heart disease. Data on death from all causes, heart disease, stroke and death from heart attack were only available for one trial (355 patients). This trial did not find any difference between ticledopidine and placebo. Data for stroke were available in three trials (31% of total diabetes patients). Overall, the pooled results of two (statistically heterogeneous) studies showed no reduction in the number of fatal and non-fatal stroke (11.2%) versus 11.3%) for patients taking ADP drug compared to patients taking aspirin. There were no data from any of the trials on peripheral blood vessel disease, health-related quality of life, side effects or costs. The available evidence for the prevention of CVD in people with diabetes is based on the results of eight trials including patients with both diabetes and no diabetes. There is a need for more research in this field. Trials with diabetes patients and subgroup analyses of patients in trials with combined populations are needed.
We found ten trials with a total of 191 participants. Seven trials evaluated single treatment sessions, one evaluated a two-week intervention, and one evaluated six-week and three-month interventions. Six trials (151 participants) looked at the use of non-invasive ventilation for airway clearance compared with an alternative chest physiotherapy method. Three trials (27 participants) compared non- invasive ventilation with oxygen or room air. Three of the trials (150 participants) reported on quality of life. Results for the reviews secondary outcomes showed that airways clearance may be easier with non-insvasive ventilation and people with cystic fibrosis may prefer it. We were unable to find any evidence that using a nasal mask or mouthpiece increased sputum expectoration, but it did improve some lung function parameters. The effect of NIV on exercise is unclear. One trial (13 participants) evaluated exercise capacity (interface used was unclear) and did not report on any of the review's primary outcomes. The trial found no clear differences between non-intvasive ventilation compared to no non-incapable ventilation for any of our outcomes. No clear differences were found between breathing room air and breathing oxygen or airway air except for exercise performance, which significantly improved with breathing non-intervention compared to room air over six weeks. The impact of this therapy on pulmonary exacerbations and disease progression remains unclear. The review authors concluded that non-vasive ventilation may be a useful adjunct to other airway clearing techniques, particularly in people with cough and wheezing, who have difficulty expectorating sputus. These benefits of using NIV in addition to oxygen therapy have largely been demonstrated in single training sessions with small numbers of participants. There is a need for long-term randomised controlled trials which are adequately powered to determine the clinical effects of using this treatment.
We included seven studies on 245 people with stable COPD. These studies compared NIPPV with nocturnal-NIPPV for at least three months in hypercapnic patients. The studies were conducted in a variety of countries. We found no evidence of benefit for the following outcomes: blood gas exchange, exercise tolerance, lung function, sleep efficiency, lung muscle strength and sleep quality. However, the small number of studies and the small sample sizes of these studies preclude a definite conclusion about the effects of NIPPVs in COPD on these outcomes.
We found four trials, involving 1190 women, that compared induction of labour to expectant management. Induction of labour did not reduce the risk of caesarean section, or the need for instrumental delivery. There was no clear effect of induction on the risk for the baby's head or brachial plexus. The babies' birthweight was lower, but the evidence for this was not consistent. There were no clear differences between groups for the babies' risk of birth fractures, and there was no evidence of any difference between groups in other outcomes. The women who had induction were less likely to have shoulder dystocia, which is when the woman's shoulder gets stuck in the birth canal. However, there was a higher risk of tears in the induction group. In one study with data for 818 women, third- and fourth-degree tears were more likely to be seen in the group that received induction. The results of this review should be taken into account the fact that the women and staff knew which group they were in, and that the babies were in. We rated the quality of the evidence using four levels: high, moderate, low, or very low. High quality evidence means that we have high confidence in the results. Low- or moderate quality means that the true results may be very different. The evidence is up to date as of September 2014.
We found 159 randomised clinical trials with 95,286 participants. Of these, four trials included healthy volunteers, nine trials included women, and 35 trials included older people living on their own or in institutional care. The age of participants in the trials ranged from 18 to 107 years. The mean proportion of women was 77%. The trials were conducted in high-income countries. Vitamin D was given for a weighted mean of 4.4 years. Forty-eight of the trials (94,491 healthy participants) reported the baseline vitamin D status of participants, which was based on serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25 ng/mL). Forty-five of these trials (80%) also reported the risk of vitamin D adequacy, which is a measure of how much vitamin D participants had. The other 26 trials (795 participants) had vitamin D insufficient (less than 20 ng/dL). The risk of death was decreased in all 56 trials analysed together. Vitamin 3 seemed to be more effective than placebo (a dummy pill) in reducing deaths, but this finding may be due to random errors. Vitamin 2 seemed to have no effect on mortality. We did not find any difference between vitamin D2 and calcitriol in the number of deaths. We found that people who took vitamin D3 had a lower risk of dying from all causes. However, we could not be sure of this finding because the trials were of poor quality. We also found that vitamin D could be associated with a dramatic increase or decrease in mortality. When we combined the results of 38 trials, we found that when vitamin D was used in conjunction with calcium, it decreased deaths. However the results were not consistent across trials. We could not make any firm conclusions about the effect of vitamin 3 on death because of the small number of trials and the low risk of bias in the included trials. A subgroup analysis of trials at high-risk of bias (i.e. high risk of
The review of trials found that three drugs, fluoxetine, orlistat, and sibutramine, can help people with type 2 diabetes to lose weight. However, the effects of these drugs on long-term health are uncertain. There is a lack of data on other drugs for weight loss or control. Some studies, using a variety of study designs, have been done on weight loss with mazindol, one of the drugs in phenmetrazine, and two of phentermine. No studies were found that fit inclusion criteria for pseudoephedrine, ephedra, sertraline, yohimbine, amphetamine, bupropion, topiramate, benzocaine, threachlorocitric acid, and bromocriptine.
We found five studies involving a total of 734 participants. We assessed only one study as good quality and the other four as poor. However, it was difficult to perform a meta-analysis by combining the results of these studies, mainly because not all studies reported the same outcomes as we had planned. No significant differences favoured VGB or CBZ in terms of time to treatment withdrawal and time to achieve a six-month remission, but results did show a disadvantage for VGB on the time to first seizure after randomisation. VGB was associated with more occurrences of weight gain and less occurrence of skin rash and drowsiness, but there was no difference in visual field defects. No differences in vision problems were noted. We concluded that VGB monotherapy should be used with caution for epilepsy. If necessary, the visual field should be frequently assessed. Future research should focus on investigating the reasons for vision field defects and explore potential prevention strategies. Moreover, future studies of epilepsy should report results in line with the recommendations of the International League Against Epilepsy (ILAE) Commission, and their quality should be improved.
We found four randomised trials that compared plerixafor to a placebo (pretend treatment) or to a G-CSF mobilisation regimen. Two of these trials were completed, but did not report results. The other two trials were not completed. The remaining two trials evaluated 600 people with multiple myeloma. In both trials, the participants received G- CSF plus plerizafor and the control group received a placebo. There was no evidence for differences between the groups in terms of survival, adverse events or successful stem cell collection at 12 months. As there was high heterogeneity between the studies for the number of transplanted participants, we did not combine these data. In the multiple myloma study, 95.9% (142 participants) of the participants in the plerxafor group had a stem cell transfusion, and 88.3% (136 participants) had a placebo, and in the non-Hodgkin lymphoma trial, 90% (135 participants) in the group had an infusion, and 55.4% (82 participants) could be transplanted. The results of this review suggest that the addition of Plerix afor to the G-CCSF regimen leads to a shorter time to stem cell transplantation. There is insufficient evidence to determine if the addition to the standard treatment of G-CsF leads to an effect on survival. The two trials included in the review were conducted by the Genzyme Corporation, which makes the plers. The quality of the evidence was high for all outcomes, except for the results of the outcome of successful stem cells collection. None of the trials reported on quality of life. The evidence is up-to-date as of September 2014.
This review found 23 trials involving 1806 women, of whom 717 received cones. Cones were better than no active treatment, but there was not enough evidence to show that they are better than PFMT. There was little evidence of difference between cones and PFMT, or between them and electrostimulation. Only seven trials used a quality of life measure, and no study looked at the cost. Seven of the trials recruited women with symptoms of incontinence. The others required women with urodynamic stress (where the urine leaks out through the urethra). Cones may be a simple, safe and effective treatment for women with SUI, but they are not as good as PFMT or electrostimulating devices.
This review identified 11 randomised controlled trials with a total of 2246 AF patients (ranging from 14 to 712 by study). Studies included education, decision aids, and self-monitoring plus education interventions. The evidence is current to August 2015. The review found that there is insufficient evidence to draw definitive conclusions regarding the impact of interventions on TTR in AF patients receiving OAT. The effect of self-watchful self-management plus education on T TR was uncertain compared with usual care. We found small but positive effects of education on anxiety and depression compared with the usual care group. The effectiveness of decision aids on decision conflict favoured usual care, but the quality of the evidence was low. This review demonstrates that there was insufficient evidence from randomised trials to draw conclusions regarding whether interventions on anticoagulant control in patients with AF are effective. Thus, more trials are needed to examine the effects of interventions for patients with TTR and the mechanisms by which they are successful. It is also important to explore the psychological implications for patients suffering from this long-term chronic condition.
This review looked at the effects of prostaglandin E2 compared with no treatment, placebo or no treatment. The review of trials found that PGE2, tablets, gels and pessaries are as effective as each other, although there may be some differences between them, but these may be due to chance. The risk of uterine hyperstimulation with fetal heart rate changes is increased. The caesarean section rate is probably reduced by 10% and the risk of women needing a repeat caesar section is probably lower. The overall effect on improving outcomes for the mother and baby (across a number of measures) is uncertain.
The review of trials found that cot-nursing using a heated water mattress has similar effects to incubator care in terms of temperature control and weight gain. There were no differences in mean body temperature (four trials), though the one trial that found this to be more common in infants who were exposed to high temperatures. There was no difference in weight gain between the two groups. In addition, there were fewer infants who died on discharge from hospital and fewer who died prior to hospital discharge but these results did not reach statistical significance.
We included three studies, involving 146 participants. Two studies were assessed as being at high risk of bias. The main finding of the review was that the two techniques may be equally successful at exposing PDCs. One surgical failure was due to detachment of the gold chain. One study reported complications following surgery and found two in the closed group: a post-operative wound infection requiring antibiotics and pain, and a periodontal health problem caused by the gum tissue of the palate. We could not pool data for dental aesthetics, patient-reported pain, discomfort and time spent in the hospital. We considered the evidence to be of low quality. This means that we cannot be certain of the results. We need more high-quality studies. Three ongoing trials have been identified. It is hoped that they will produce data that can be pooled to increase the degree of certainty in these findings.
We included three studies, involving 244 women. The studies were considered to be of poor quality. The prostaglandins used were PG E2 analogue (sulprostone) in 50 women and PG E1 analogue (misoprostol) in 194 women, at a dose of 250 mcg and 800 mcg, respectively. The evidence is current to September 2014. The review found that the use of these drugs was not superior to placebo in reducing the rate of manual removal of placenta, severe postpartum haemorrhage, need for blood transfusion, mean blood loss and the mean time from injection to placental removal. Side-effects were no different between groups (vomiting, headache, pain and nausea between injection and discharge from the labour ward), with the exception of shivering, which was more frequent in women who received prostaglandsin. We did not obtain any data for the primary outcomes of maternal mortality and the need to add another therapeutic uterotonic. The included studies were of low quality and there is little confidence in the effect estimates; the true effect is likely to be substantially different. We can not make any recommendations about changes to clinical practice. More high-quality research in this area is needed. Much larger, adequately powered studies are needed to confirm that these clinically important beneficial effects are not just chance findings.
We included six studies involving 355 infants - two using face mask CPAP, two CNP, one nasal CPAP and one both CNP (for less ill babies) and endotracheal CPAP (for sicker babies). We found no new trials for this update. Continuous distending pressure (CDP) as CPAP or CNP is associated with reduced risk of treatment failure (death or use of assisted breathing) and lower risk of death in preterm infants with birth weight above 1500 g, and lower mortality in infants who have birth weight more than 1500 g. Use of CDP was associated with more pneumothorax (bronchopulmonary dysplasia) at 28 days (three studies, 260 infants) and at nine to 14 years (one study). We did not find any difference in lung injury (broke sputum) between infants who received CDP and those who did not. We found that CDP may be effective for preterm babies who have respiratory distress. However, we cannot be certain of this finding due to the small number of studies and the fact that the trials were done in the 1970s. Therefore, it is not possible to apply these results to current practice. Further research is needed to determine the best mode of administration.
We included six studies (157 participants) in this review. All included studies were small and/or had limited follow-up times. There was no research evidence to suggest that foam wound dressings are more effective in healing foot ulcers than other types of dressing. However, all trials in this field are very small. Decision makers may wish to consider aspects such as the cost of dressing, the wound management properties of each dressing type, and exudate management.
We identified three eligible trials. Two trials compared endoscopic intervention with surgical intervention. One trial, including 32 participants, compared surgical intervention with conservative treatment: 17 in the surgical group, and 15 in the conservative treatment group. The trial showed that surgery resulted in better pain relief, and better preservation of pancreatic function, than endoscopy. No differences were found in terms of major complications (deaths) or mortality. The number of participants in the trial was too small to allow for this to be reliably studied. The other trial, which compared surgical and conservative treatment, showed that the surgical treatment resulted in a higher percentage of patients with pain relief than the endoscopic treatment, but the trial had limitations in its design, and it was relatively small. The results of this review show that surgery is better than endoscopic surgery for the treatment of patients who have chronic pancreatitis and have a dilated duct. However, these results need to be confirmed by other trials because of the methodological limitations and limited number of patients in the present evidence. The small trials identified do not provide enough power to detect small differences between the two treatment modalities.
This review identified only one trial, which included 857 patients undergoing skin excision surgery in the primary care setting. This trial was at a high risk of bias. The only outcome reported in this trial was wound infection. There was no difference in the proportion of patients who developed wound infections between the two groups. There is currently no conclusive evidence to support the use of early or delayed post-operatively bathed patients for the prevention of wound infections. We recommend that further randomised trials be run to compare the benefits and harms of early (before the skin has been cut) versus delayed (after the skin had been cut and sutured), or both, of early and delayed (at least 48 hours after the skin was cut) post-operative showering.
We found one randomised controlled trial (RCT) comparing oral prednisone with no treatment in 35 people with MS. The trial had a high risk of bias (risk of overestimating the effects of the drug). The evidence is up-to-date as of February 2016. The RCT did not measure the primary outcome for this systematic review. There was no difference between the two groups in the number of people who achieved remission, disability or impairment after one year (moderate-quality evidence). Side effects were similar with each regimen, except that sleeplessness was less common with monthly dexamethasone as was moon facies (moon-shaped appearance of the face). We are very uncertain about the effect of daily oral dexnisone compared with no medication because the quality of evidence from the only RCT that exists is very low. Nevertheless, corticosteroids are commonly used in practice. We also know from observational studies that long-term use causes serious side effects. We need further research to identify factors that predict response.
We found six studies including a total of 2100 participants. Four studies included 792 people in the main efficacy analyses, and one study included 1213 people in our main outcomes. One study compared two types of check-up. We could not say whether remote asthma check-ups are better or worse than being seen face-to-face because the studies could not be blinded. We also could not tell whether more people had an asthma flare-up when they had a remote checkup because the results were too imprecise. We did not find any difference between the two groups of people in terms of asthma control, quality of life or the number of people who needed treatment in hospital. The studies did not report serious side effects. We do not know whether telephoning people with asthma to have a check up increased the number who received a review. The results of this review are not conclusive and we cannot be sure whether remote check up is a safe alternative.
This review aimed to assess the effects of exercise therapy for patients with JIA. The review included three studies with a total of 212 patients. All the included studies fulfilled the criteria for inclusion in the review. The results of the review showed that exercise therapy does not worsen the symptoms of JIA, and does not increase pain. However, there was no clear evidence to suggest that exercise can improve function, quality of life, aerobic capacity, pain, or pain. The included and excluded studies were all consistent about the adverse effects, and found no short-term detrimental effects. There was not enough evidence to be sure whether exercise therapy is beneficial in the long term. More research is needed to answer this question.
We included 19 trials with 2663 participants (11 with outpatients, seven with inpatients and one with ICU patients). We found that antibiotics have some effect on ICU and outpatient patients, but these effects are small, and they are inconsistent. We found no clear evidence that antibiotics reduce the risk of death or the need for re-exacerbations. We also found that there is no evidence to support the use of antibiotics for people with acute exacerbations. There is also no evidence that antibiotic use is harmful. The quality of the evidence was low or moderate for most outcomes. This means that the true effect may be substantially different from what we have found. We need more research in this area.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1414 participants. All studies compared whole grain diets with lower whole grain or refined grain diets. We found no studies that reported the effect of the diets on death from any cause or cardiovascular events. We also found no evidence that the diets had an effect on blood lipids or blood pressure. The trials were small and had an unclear or high risk of bias, and no studies had an intervention duration greater than 16 weeks. There is insufficient evidence from RCTs of an effect of whole grain diet on cardiovascular events or on major CVD risk factors such as cholesterol. The quality of the evidence was low. There was a need for well-designed, large-scale, long-term trials with longer durations to be conducted.
This review included 28 studies with a total of 1896 participants. Thirty studies investigated rehabilitation interventions during the immobilisation period after surgical fixation. Three small studies investigated the use of a removable type of immobilisation to enable controlled exercise. There was limited evidence from two studies (106 participants in total) of short-term benefit of using an air-stirrup versus an orthosis or a walking cast. One study (12 participants) found 12 weeks of hypnosis did not reduce activity or improve other outcomes. In 10 studies, the treatment with a removable device to allow exercise was compared with cast immobilisation alone. The use of the removable device reduced pain, improved ankle dorsiflexion range of motion and improved ankle flexibility. However, it also led to a higher rate of mainly minor adverse events. There is limited evidence supporting early commencement of weight-bearing. Five studies investigated different rehabilitation interventions following the immobilation period after either conservative or surgical orthopaedic management. There were no evidence of effect for stretching or manual therapy in addition to exercise, or exercise compared with usual care. One small study (14 participants) at a high risk of bias found reduced ankle swelling after non-thermal treatment compared with thermal pulsed shortwave diathermy. Evidence from one small but potentially biased study (60 participants) showed that neurostimulation, an electrotherapy modality, may be beneficial in the short term. Evidence was limited and inconclusive on what type of support or immobilisation was the best. Small, single studies showed that some electrotherapist modalities may be helpful. More clinical trials that are well-designed and adequately-powered are required to strengthen current evidence.
This review of four studies found that home-based nursing programmes and peer-support groups for adolescents, as well as a lopinavir-ritonavir regimen, have the potential to improve adherence to ART. Two interventions, an LPV/r regimen, and peer support group therapy, did not show improvements in adherence, yet showed greater viral load suppression. A second RCT of caregiver-medication diaries, conducted in low-income countries, showed that the intervention group had fewer patients reporting no missed doses. The intervention had no effect on CD4 count or viral load. A non-randomised trial of a peer-help programme demonstrated no change in self-reported adherence. However, the percentage of patients with suppressed viral load increased from 30% to 80%. The second non- randomised trial found that children achieving >80% adherence was no different in the two groups of children who received a non-nucleoside regimens. The percentage of children achieving virological suppression, which is a measure of how well a drug works, was significantly greater for children on the LPV or NNRTI regimen. The third nonrandomised study found that the proportion of patients achieving virologically suppressed adherence was significantly higher for children receiving a LOPV regimen than for those on the NN RTI regimen, but this result was not statistically significant. The fourth non randomised study did not demonstrate an effect on adherence or disease outcomes. No single intervention was evaluated by more than one trial. Well-designed evaluations of interventions to improve paediatric adherence to treatment with ART are needed, but more evidence is needed.
This review found five studies (696 participants) comparing fenoprofen 200 mg with placebo (dummy pill) and other oral analgesics. The results showed that fenopa-200 mg is an effective analgesic for moderate to severe acute postoperative pain. There was no difference in the number of people experiencing any side effects between the two groups of participants. There were insufficient data to analyse other doses or active comparators, time to use of rescue medication, or numbers of participants needing rescue medication. No serious side effects or people withdrawing from the studies due to side effects were reported in these studies. More research is needed to determine the effectiveness of other doses, other efficacy outcomes, and safety and tolerability of other active treatments.
This review aimed to compare the benefits and harms of pelvic floor muscle training for prolapse. Six trials were included in the review. Four trials were small (less than 25 women per arm) and two had moderate to high risk of bias. The largest most rigorous trial to date suggests that six months of supervised PFMT can improve prolapse symptoms and symptoms immediately post-intervention. Two trials compared PFMT with surgery, one comparing PFMT to no PFMT and the other to surgery plus PFMT. There is now some evidence to suggest that PFMT may improve the symptoms of prolapse in the short term, but more research is needed to determine the long term effects of PFMT for symptomatic prolapse, as well as the cost-effectiveness of this treatment.
This review of trials found that topical quinolone antibiotics can clear CSOM better than no drug or topical antiseptics, but that non-quinolone antibiotic effects are less clear. Studies also found no clear difference between non-equine antibiotics (without steroids) and no drug treatment at clearing CSOM. The quality of the trials was poor, with follow-up often short, and the way in which the trials dealt with the two types of CSOM was inconsistent.
We included 21 studies with a total of 6253 participants in this review. Studies were conducted from 1974 to 2011. Most studies did not report study methods sufficiently and many had high applicability concerns. In 20 studies, FRS correctly identified people with schizophrenia 75% to 95% of the time. The use of FRS to diagnose schizophrenia in triage will lead to around 40% of people that specialists will consider to have schizophrenia being wrongly diagnosed. Some of these people may experience a delay in getting appropriate treatment. Others, whom specialists will not consider to be mentally ill, could be prematurely discharged from care, if triage relies on FRS for diagnosis. We found that FRS is a simple, quick and useful test for diagnosing schizophrenia. The only problem is that it has been used for over 40 years and the results of older studies are not very reliable. We hope that newer tests - to be included in future Cochrane reviews - will show better results. However, symptoms of first rank can still be helpful where newer tests are not available - a situation which applies to the initial screening of most people with suspected schizophrenia.
We included 10 studies in this review, of which 5 were new to this update. There were 2003 participants in the 9 educational interventions and 44 in the 1 psychological study. All studies were conducted in primary-care settings. All interventions were added to conventional treatment for children with atopic eczema. We found that there is some evidence from studies using different models of education and psychological interventions (e.g. nurse-led clinics) that these may lead to better outcomes for children. The largest and most robust study (n = 992) showed a significant reduction in disease severity and in quality of life, in both the nurse and dermatologist-led groups. It provided six standard, age-appropriate group education sessions. The other studies did not provide enough data to allow us to draw any conclusions. In three of the studies, which could not be combined because of their heterogeneity, the objective SCORAD score was better in the group receiving the intervention. However, the confidence interval was too small to be sure of this result. In the largest study, we found that parents of children aged 8 to 12 years experienced better improvements in the intervention group on 3 of the 5 subscales. Parents of children under seven years had better improvements on all five scales of the SCORad score. The studies were too different to be combined. We did not find any further studies using psychological interventions. A lack of rigorously designed studies means that we do not have enough evidence to determine the effects of educational or psychological interventions in helping to manage the symptoms of atopic dermatitis. There is a need for more research in this area.
This review of trials found that HBOT appears to be effective in treating LRTI in selected participants. There was some moderate quality evidence of a greater chance of healing of mucosal mucosal tissue with HBOT. However, there was no evidence of benefit in the treatment of neuropathic pain. HBOT may also reduce the chance of ORN following tooth extraction. These trials did not report adverse events. There were no trials on the use of HBOT to treat other manifestations of LRTIs.
We found 10 studies involving 2961 surgeons performing an operation in which blunt needles were compared to the use of sharp needles. Four studies focused on closure of the abdominal wound, two on a caesarean section, two vaginal repair, and two on hip replacement. The use of blunt needles reduced the risk of glove perforations in surgeons. On average, a surgeon that used sharp needles sustained one hand injury in three operations. In four studies, surgeons used blunt needles to treat needle stick wounds. The number of needle stick injuries was lower in the blunt needle group. The quality of the evidence was high. We found that blunt needles are more difficult to use than sharp needles, but their use is still acceptable. There is high quality evidence that the use is safe for surgeons and their assistants. It is unlikely that future research will change this conclusion.
The review includes seven randomised trials involving 422 participants. The size of the included studies was between 20 and 157 participants with a study length between four and 52 weeks. Overall, the quality of the studies was low. The results did not show a difference between trifluoperazine and low-potency (less potent) drugs in terms of response to treatment. There was also no difference between the groups in terms or acceptability. However, there was a higher risk of movement disorders (such as confusion, incoordination and agitation) in the group taking triffluoperazine compared with the group of people taking low- and medium- potency drugs. No data were available on death, sedation and quality of life. The number of randomised studies as well as their quality is low, so more, newer studies would be needed for conclusions to be drawn.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) including 593 infants. These trials compared feeding in response to feeding cues versus feeding at scheduled intervals in preterm infants. The trials were small and contained some methodological weaknesses, such as lack of blinding and incomplete assessment of all randomised participants. We found no strong evidence to support the use of responsive feeds for preterm babies. Some (low quality) evidence exists that preterm infant fed on feeds cues achieve full oral feeding earlier. This finding should be interpreted cautiously, as it is based on low quality evidence. A large RCT would be needed to confirm this finding. We also found no evidence that responsive feeding has an important effect on the length of hospital stay. None of the trials reported any parent, caregiver, or staff views.
This review identified two randomised trials with a total of 161 participants. One trial showed that folic acid and 5-methyltetrahydrofolate (5-MTHF) may improve ankle brachial index (ABI) in people with peripheral arterial disease. A second trial with a combined total of 18 people showed that multivitamin B supplement (18 people) did not improve ABI. No major events were reported. The studies did not report on the rate of limb loss. The review authors did not find any evidence to support or refute the use of these drugs for the treatment of hyperhomocysteinaemia. Further, well constructed trials are urgently required.
We found two studies, which included data from 503 dental practices, representing a total of 4771 patients. One study compared the impact of capitation and fee-for-service (payment for the use of sealants) payments on the number of fillings, extractions and fillings performed by dentists. This study found that the capitation payments resulted in an increase in clinical activity in the group of dentists who received a fee- for-service payment. However, the study was done in the four most deprived areas of Scotland, so the applicability of the findings to the other settings may be limited. The second study used a three-year group design to compare the impact on primary care dentists’ clinical activity. The study did not report on measures of health service use, patient outcomes or costs. The authors of this study reported that the dentists tended to see their patients less often and tended to carry out less fillings and extractions, but also tended to give more advice. There was not enough information on the costs of the different payment methods. We judged the risk of bias to be high for both studies. The quality of the evidence was low/very low. This means that we are uncertain as to whether or not the results of the studies are reliable. Further research is needed in this area.
We found 21 randomised controlled trials involving over 17,000 women and their babies. The trials were generally at low risk of bias. We found that zinc supplementation during pregnancy resulted in a small (14%) reduction in preterm birth. This was not accompanied by a reduction in numbers of babies with low birthweight. No clear difference was seen between the zinc and no zinc groups for any of the other outcomes, except for induction of labour in a single trial. There was no difference between the groups of women with low or normal zinc levels or in women who complied with their treatment versus those who did not. The GRADE quality of the evidence was moderate for preterm births, small for gestational age, and low birthweights, and was low for stillbirth, neonatal death and birthweight, as well as low for neonatal deaths. The results of this review should be viewed with caution, since the preterm association could well be a result of poor nutrition.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (1656 participants) in this review. All trials used probiotics as an adjuvant therapy to antifungal drugs. The evidence is current to September 2014. Probiotics increased the rate of short-term clinical cure and mycological cure and decreased relapse rate at one month but did not translate into a higher frequency of long-term cure. Probiotic use did not seem to increase the frequency of serious or non-serious adverse events. We found no eligible RCTs for outcomes such as time to first relapse, need for additional treatment at the end of therapy, patient satisfaction and cost effectiveness. There is a need for well-designed randomised trials with standardized methods, longer follow-up and larger sample size.
We included seven randomised controlled trials (involving 696 women) in the review. The trials were conducted in different countries. Two trials were from Germany and Italy, which are high-income countries, while four were from middle- and upper-middle-middle income countries. The seventh trial was conducted in Jordan, which is a low-middle country. In six trials, all the participants were included in the trial and in the seventh, only the subgroup of women who met the inclusion criteria. We assessed the evidence from these trials using the GRADE tool. The evidence is current to September 2015. The results of this Cochrane Review suggest that progestogens are probably effective in the treatment of threatened miscarriage but may have little or no effect in reducing the rate of preterm birth. We are uncertain if treatment of women with threatened miscarriage with progestogen compared to placebo or no treatment has any effect on the risk of developing congenital abnormalities because the quality of the evidence is very low. The quality of evidence ranged from very low to moderate. This is because of the high risk of bias in six of the seven included trials and a small number of events and wide confidence intervals for some outcomes.
We found five randomised controlled trials that compared laser photocoagulation with no treatment, or with other treatments. A total of 4786 people (9503 eyes) were included in these studies. Three studies were conducted in the USA, one in the UK, and one in Japan. The majority of people in four of these trials were people with diabetic retinopathy; one trial was mainly people with non-proliferative (non-retinal) diabetes. All studies were at risk of bias, i.e. there was a potential to arrive at the wrong conclusions because of the way the studies were carried out. At 12 months there was little difference in the risk of vision loss between people who had laser treatment and those who had no treatment. There was a beneficial effect on progression of the disease, with treated eyes showing a 50% reduction in risk of progression of diabetic retenopathy and a similar risk of bleeding from the retina. None of the studies reported near vision or patient-relevant outcomes. We judged the evidence to be of moderate or low quality. This is due to the small number of studies included in the review and the fact that the treatment and control of the trials were different.
We included two trials involving 269 participants. The trials were conducted in China and Italy. Both trials included adults with acute respiratory failure after upper abdominal surgery. The participants were mostly men. The average age was 65 years. We judged both trials at high risk of bias. Compared to oxygen therapy, CPAP or NPPV may reduce the rate of tracheal tube placement, with a number needed to be treated for an additional beneficial outcome of 11. There was no difference in length of stay in the intensive care unit. We found that there was no evidence to be certain that CPAP had an effect on anastomotic leaks, pneumonia-related complications, and sepsis or infections. Findings from one trial of 60 people suggested that bilevel nPPV (bilevel compression) may improve blood gas levels and blood pH after the intervention. The quality of the evidence was low or very-low. The studies did not present data on the outcomes that we wanted to assess: gastric insufflation (worsening of the stomach), fistulae, pneumothorax (inflammation of the lungs), bleeding, skin breakdown, eye irritation, sinus congestion (drying), oronasal drying (drip of blood from the nose), and patient-ventilator asynchrony. More good quality studies are needed to confirm these findings.
We included four trials involving 388 women that were judged to be of unclear to high risk of bias overall. Three trials compared diazepam with an alternative anaesthetic (ketamine; vinydan-ether; "other" anaesthesia) for the use of general anaesthesia. In one trial, women receiving a combination of lignocaine and spinal pain relief were more likely to judge their pain relief as effective than women receiving vinyDan-ether. In a further small trial, no significant difference was seen in the number of women who judged their pain reduction as effective when ketamine and ketamine were compared. In the trial that used spinal pain control with pudendal nerve block (a nerve block that blocks the nerves supplying pain relief to the spinal cord), women were more satisfied with their pain control and were less likely to report severe pain. No trials reported on the review's other two main outcomes, serious maternal side effects or complications, and neonatal deaths or serious morbidity. In terms of side effects, the women in the comparison group of women receiving an alternative analgesic agent (diazepam) reported less nausea and vomiting. No differences were seen for the few neonatal outcomes that were reported in any of the three comparisons. There is not enough evidence to support any particular method of pain relief for forceps delivery.
We included 15 studies with a total of 1048 participants. Most of the studies were conducted in India, followed by Europe and the USA. The majority of participants were adults of both sexes with mild to moderate asthma. The studies lasted for six months to more than 23 years. Five studies included yoga breathing alone. The other studies assessed yoga interventions that included breathing, posture, and meditation. The duration of the interventions ranged from two weeks to 54 months. We found some evidence that yoga may improve the quality of life of people with asthma. We also found that yoga might improve symptoms and reduce medication use. We did not find evidence of an increase in lung function or change in the severity of asthma symptoms. The effects of yoga on change in forced expiratory volume in one second, which is a measure of lung function, were not found to be significant. There was no evidence of a difference in asthma control. No serious adverse events were reported. The quality of the evidence was moderate. The risk of bias was low for most of the outcomes, but there were some issues with the design of some studies.
We included 10 trials (249 participants) using different drug treatments. Seven of the 10 trials assessed single agents, and 3 assessed combined agents. Many of the trials did not provide enough data for the reporting of the main outcome of the review. We assessed six of the nine fully published trials as very low-quality evidence. We found that there was no evidence that any of the drug treatments had an effect on muscle strength at six months. Three trials (n = 78) compared intravenous (IVIg) and oral (prednisone) treatment to a placebo. We could not perform a meta-analysis because of variations in the way the trials were conducted and presented. We were able to combine the data from two trials of IFN beta-1a and MTX. We also found that MTX did not slow the progression of the disease. We did not find evidence that IVIg or oral (azathioprine) had any effect. Two trials of ATG combined with MTX (MTX plus MTX versus MTX) provided evidence that ATG had no effect. Data from trials of oxandrolone (AZA) combined with MMX versus MMX, and arimoclomol (ARIMOCL) plus MTU versus MTU, did not allow us to report either normalised or percentage change in muscle strength scores. A complete analysis of the effects of arimoccol is pending data publication. Studies of simvastatin and bimagrumab (BYM338) are ongoing. Overall trial design limitations including risk of bias, low numbers of participants, and short duration make it difficult to say whether or not any drug treatments included in this review were effective. We need more randomised controlled trials that are larger, of longer duration, and that use fully validated, standardised, and responsive outcome measures.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 3144 participants. These trials compared linezolid with vancomycin for treating people with SSTIs. The evidence is current to August 2014. We found that people treated with the oral version of the drug had a significantly better clinical and microbiological cure rate than those treated with intravenous vancomys. There was no significant difference in all-cause mortality between the two drugs. There were fewer incidents of red man syndrome, pruritus and rash in the lineZolid group compared with the intravenous group, however, more people reported thrombocytopenia, nausea and nausea when treated with linezolisolid. The length of stay in hospital was shorter for those in the group treated with oral versus intravenous linezoli than for those given intravenous treatment. The average length of hospital stay was three days shorter for people treated in the oral group. The cost of outpatient therapy was less with oral than intravenous use of vancomies. The available evidence is based on studies that were supported by the pharmaceutical company that makes linezoglycin. Further well-designed, independently-funded, RCTs are needed to confirm the available evidence. No new trials were identified for this first update.
We included eight randomised controlled trials with a total of 512 participants. The evidence is current to August 2015. The trials were conducted in China, India, Japan, and the United States of America. We found no relevant differences in mortality, morbidity, and survival between the two operations. Postoperative mortality, overall survival, and morbidity showed no significant differences, except of delayed gastric emptying, which significantly favoured CW. Furthermore, we noted that operating time, intraoperative blood loss, and red blood cell transfusion were significantly reduced in the PPW group. All significant results were associated with low-quality evidence based on GRADE (Grades of Recommendation, Assessment, Development and Evaluation) criteria. Given obvious clinical and methodological heterogeneity, future high-quality RCTs of complex surgical interventions based on well-defined outcome parameters are required.
The review of trials found that calcium channel blockers may reduce the risk of death in patients with traumatic brain injury. However, there is some uncertainty over the effects of these drugs on the patient's well-being. The drug nimodipine, which has been shown to be effective in a subgroup of brain injury patients, may be harmful for some. More research is needed in this area.
We included four randomised controlled trials with a total of 3090 participants. Three trials were considered to have a relatively low risk of bias. One trial was considered to be at a high risk. When survival to hospital discharge was compared, 38 of 320 (11.88%) patients survived to discharge in the initial CPR plus delayed defibrillation group compared with 39 of 338 (11%). The rate of return of spontaneous circulation (ROSC) and survival at one year were similar in the two groups. Adverse effects were not associated with either treatment. We have been unable to determine conclusively whether either treatment approach provides a degree of superiority in OHCA. We propose that this is an area that needs further rigorous research through additional high-quality RCTs, including larger sample sizes and proper subgroup analysis.
This review identified three trials that met the inclusion criteria. Ten trials involving eight different treatment groups have been included. The review found that GnRHa flare up was more common in GnRH antagonist groups than GnRH antagonists. The number of oocytes retrieved in the GnRH group was less than in the stop protocol group. The gonadotrophins used to treat GnRHA flare up were higher in the group that received GnRH long protocol. None of the studies reported a difference in the miscarriage and ectopic pregnancy rate. The trials did not report live birth or ectopic birth rates. There is not enough evidence to support the routine use of any of these interventions either for the treatment of GnRH down regulation, ovarian stimulation, or adjuvant therapy in IVF. More robust data from good quality RCTs are needed.
We found 53 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into treatment groups) that met our inclusion criteria. These trials included a total of 2981 people with schizophrenia. Most of the studies were of poor quality and had a high risk of bias. We found that family intervention may be helpful in reducing the frequency of relapse (reoccurrence of symptoms) and hospital admissions. Family intervention may also reduce the number of relapse events and the hospital stay, and encourage people to take their medication. However, it does not affect the tendency of people/families to leave the care they have received. It seems to improve the levels of expressed emotion and general social impairment in families. We did not find data to suggest that it either prevents or promotes suicide. Further research is needed.
We identified three randomized controlled trials involving 263 participants. All three trials examined the treatment of symptomatic in-stent restenosis. These trials were carried out in Germany (two trials) and Austria (one trial). Two trials were industry sponsored. Two of the three trials used the drug-eluting balloons. The trials examined a total of 263 participants and compared DEBs with a group of participants treated with uncoated balloon angioplasty. The trial results show no difference in the risk of amputation between DEBs and the group treated with balloons without stents. DEBs were found to be better than uncoating balloons for the outcomes target lesion revascularization (target lesion re-stenting) and binary (restenosis) at six and 12 months. Participants treated with DEBs also showed improvement of one or more Rutherford categories at up to 24 months. There was no clear difference in death between the two groups. We found no clear differences in the number of deaths between the groups. The certainty of the evidence presented was very low for all outcomes. This was due to the small number of studies and participants and the high risk of bias in the design of the studies.
We included seven trials with a total of 922 participants. Trials ranged from 32 to 242 participants. We found that corticosteroids reduced the subsequent occurrence of coronary artery abnormalities, the duration of fever, and the time for laboratory tests to normalise. We also found that the length of hospital stay was reduced. The evidence was of high quality for the incidence of serious adverse events, deaths, and time for blood tests (e.g. ESR and CRP). Evidence was of moderate quality for other outcomes, such as time to clinical symptoms (fever, rash) and length of clinical symptoms. There were insufficient data on adverse effects due to steroids, deaths and long term heart problems. We are reasonably confident that the true effect is close to what was estimated in this work. The quality of the evidence was graded as high for all outcomes. Evidence presented in this study suggests that treatment with a long course of steroids should be considered for all children who have KD until further studies are performed.
We included eight studies comprising 846 participants. Four studies compared PIP with control groups only. Two of these studies included a control group and an alternative treatment group. Samples included women with postpartum depression, anxious or insecure attachment, maltreated, and prison populations. We assessed the quality of the evidence from these studies as low or very low. We found that PIP is effective in terms of parent-child interaction, attachment, behaviour, and other outcomes. There were no differences between PIP and control in any of the outcomes (i.e. adverse effects), or other outcomes (e.g. cognitive development). The results of the review did not show any differences in the incidence of parent depression, parent-reported levels of depression, or the number of infants with a secure, avoidant, resistant, disorganised, or disorderly attachment style. There was a reduction in the number with an avoidant attachment style, and an increase in the rate of infants moving from insecure to secure attachment. The evidence was of low to very low quality. The studies were small and involved only a small number of participants. We judged the evidence to be of low quality for all outcomes. This was due to the small size of the studies, and because the studies did not report enough details about how they were carried out.
We found one new included study in this updated review. In total, our updated review includes 11 trials (with 753 participants). We found no convincing evidence that giving extra oxygen to pregnant women during elective caesarean section in which the baby is stillborn is either beneficial or harmful for the mother or the baby. The low quality of evidence showed no differences in Apgar scores at one minute (N = six trials, 519 women) and at five minutes. None of the 11 trials reported on the baby's oxygen level. There was some evidence that women in labour who were given extra oxygen had higher oxygen saturation (n = three trials, 209 women), maternal oxygen pressure in the blood, maternal umbilical blood flow (foetal arterial blood) and maternal oxygen levels in the foetal blood stream. The evidence was of low quality due to the small number of studies and small sample sizes. The quality of the evidence was low for all of the outcomes.
We included twelve studies containing data on 2196 participants. Reminder packaging increased the percentage of pills taken by 11% in four trials, and by 17% in two trials. We found that reminder packaging reduced blood pressure by 5.89 mmHg (95% confidence interval (CI) 6% to 17%). We found no effect on systolic blood pressure. We also looked at changes in blood sugar levels, and found a reduction in blood glucose levels. We did not find evidence that reminder packing had an effect on the proportion of patients who took their medication on time. We could not combine the results of two trials that looked at blood pressure measurements, but we found that the presence of a reminder packaging aid was found to be preferred in some patients with low literacy. No data on other important outcomes were available. In summary, reminder packing appears to be a simple method for helping patients take their medication. Further research is warranted to improve the design and targeting of these devices. This review is up-to-date as of April 2011.
We identified 15 randomised trials evaluating 11 different drugs (methylprednisolone, pentoxifylline, mannitol, trimetazidine, dextrose, and OKY 046 (a thromboxane A2 synthetase inhibitor). All trials had high risk of bias. We found no significant differences between the groups in death, liver failure, or perioperative morbidity. Trimetazidine had a shorter hospital stay than control. There were no important differences in any of the remaining comparisons. The use of these drugs should be restricted to well-designed trials before implementing them in clinical practice.
We included 61 studies in this review. The studies included 13,327 participants of interest, of whom at least 4499 underwent renal function testing. In total, we included studies that assessed the prevalence of renal dysfunction, risk factors and treatment-related risk factors. We found that the studies varied in terms of the type of cancer, treatment type, type of kidney disease, and the duration of treatment. This may be due to the different types of cancer and the treatments used. We could not combine the results of the studies, but we did find that the risk of adverse renal effects varied from 0% to 84%. The studies also varied in the types of treatment, the length of follow-up and the risk factors that were assessed. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of the treatment on kidney function. We were able to combine the data from 36 studies, including at least 432 CCS, and found a decrease in blood pressure. We also found an increased risk of glomerular dysfunction after the use of aminoglycosides (a type of sugar pill) and vancomycin (a drug to treat cancer) in CCS treated with total body irradiation (TBI). However, we could not be sure whether this was due to treatment or not. The risk of kidney damage ranged from 2.4% to 32%. We found no studies that reported the risk for kidney damage in people who did not have cancer, but these studies were not of high quality. In addition, we found two studies that found a higher risk of proteinuria (a protein in the urine). We found three studies that showed that a higher body mass index (a sign of high blood pressure) may be associated to an increase in risk of hypertension. One non-eligible study also found a long-term risk of a higher blood pressure in people with CCS receiving TBI. In one study, older age was reported to be a risk factor, as was
The review of trials found two trials with a total of 182 participants. The trials showed that Niprisan® was effective in reducing the number of people with sickle cell disease who experienced severe painful crises. It did not affect the risk of severe complications, the level of anaemia (low-quality evidence). No serious side effects were reported. The single trial of Cajanus cajan (Ciklavit®) reported that it may be helpful in reducing painful crises in some people, but the results of this trial are not conclusive. The quality of the evidence was low. Based on these results, phytologics may have a potential beneficial effect in reducing pain crises in sickle cells. This needs to be further validated in future trials. More trials are required to assess the safety and efficacy of phytomedicines used in managing sickle Cell disease.
We included three studies involving 1999 participants. Two trials compared standard treatment (chemotherapy plus radiotherapy) with PET-adapted (where treatment is based on a PET scan) therapy. The third trial was more complex. Participants with HL and a negative PET scan were split into two groups. They were then randomised to receive either PET-based treatment or standard treatment. The studies were reported as randomised trials, which means that participants were not aware of which treatment they were receiving. One of the studies reported no deaths. Two of the three studies reported deaths. The other two studies reported two deaths. Progression-free survival (PFS) was shorter in people receiving PET- adapted therapy (where the treatment was based on the PET scan alone) than in those receiving standard treatment with radiotherapy. This difference was also apparent in comparisons of people receiving no additional radiotherapy (where radiotherapy was not given) versus people receiving chemotherapy but no treatment (where chemotherapy was given). Short-term adverse events (AEs) were assessed in one trial, which showed no evidence of a difference between the treatment arms. No data for long-term AEs were reported. We judged the overall potential risk of bias as moderate. This means that further research is likely to have an impact on the results of this review.
We found 31 randomised controlled trials that compared different types of birth control pills, injectables, and implants. Twenty-one trials compared combined birth control pill regimens, five compared different birth control regimens and three compared injectables. Of 34 comparisons, eight had any notable difference in an outcome. We found no new trials in 2014. We still know very little about women who are overweight. Many trials had small numbers of participants, and some had large losses. Many of the studies had problems with how they were done. We could not combine the results of many studies, so we could not be sure if one method was better than another. We also could not make strong statements about the differences in glycosylate hemoglobin (HbA1c) and glucose response between the different methods. We did not find any studies that compared the same type of hormone birth control. More than half the trials had weight restrictions. We cannot make strong conclusions about the effects of different methods for birth control in overweight women. More research is needed to find the best way to give birth control to healthy weight women without diabetes.
We included 10 studies in this review. Nine studies (549 participants) evaluated the effects of exercise on pain, physical function and quality of life. Five studies (419 participants) assessed pain and physical function. The results of these 10 studies showed that exercise can reduce pain in people with symptomatic OA. The studies also showed that pain was reduced by 8 points on a 0-to-100-point scale (0 was no pain) in the control group. Pain was also reduced by an equivalent of 8 points (4 to 11 points) in people who exercised, and by 7 points (1 to 12 points) for people taking part in the exercise group. People who exercised were more likely to have pain at least three to six months after the end of the exercise programme, but this difference was small (1% to 4%). People who did not exercise were less likely to leave the study early, but the difference was not significant. There was no difference in pain or physical function when comparing exercise with no exercise. Only three small studies (183 people) evaluated quality of the life of people with OA, with no benefit of exercise demonstrated. We considered that seven of the 10 included RCTs had a low risk of bias. However, the results of the studies may have been biased as none of them were able to blind people to which treatment they were receiving. One study did not provide sufficient data for us to be able to assess whether the results were influenced by the way the studies were carried out. The quality of evidence was high for pain, and low for pain intensity, and was downgraded to'moderate' for the other outcomes. We rated the quality as 'high' for pain and 'low' for other outcomes, meaning that further research is likely to change our confidence in the results.
This review of trials found that exercise therapy can be beneficial for patients with MS, but there is a need for more research in this field. There is an urgent need for consensus on a core set of outcomes to be used in exercise trials. In addition, these studies should experimentally test different doses of exercise therapy, type of MS and types of exercise. The results of this review show that exercise can be helpful for people with MS who are not experiencing a flare up of their MS.
We found only one trial that compared early laparoscopic cholecystectomy with delayed laparoscopy. This trial included 75 participants with a mean age of 43 years. The trial randomised people with biliary colic to have either early (less than 24 hours after the diagnosis) or delayed (4.2 months after diagnosis). There were no deaths in either group. There was no bile duct injury (bile duct obstruction). The proportion of people who died was similar in the early and delayed groups. The other outcomes were not reported. The number of people with complications during the waiting period (such as pancreatitis, gallbladder perforation, and obstructive jaundice) was lower in the delayed group. In total, 14 participants required hospital admissions for the above symptoms. All of these participants had to be admitted to hospital within 24 hours as all the participants were operated on. The percentage of people requiring conversion to open (surgery) surgery was no different in the two groups, but there was a shorter hospital stay and shorter operating time in the earlier group. The time taken to perform the operation was 14 minutes shorter for the early group than for the delayed one. This study did not report quality of life or return to work. Based on evidence from only one high-bias risk trial, it appears that people who have early laparectal surgery (after diagnosis) have less complication-related complications than those who have delayed the operation. Further randomised clinical trials are necessary to confirm or refute these findings.
We found 11 trials that compared long-term antibiotic prophylaxis with a single pre-operative dose of antibiotics. Seven of these trials provided evidence for the main comparison and the primary outcome. Overall, we found that the risk of SSI was reduced by 76% to a 0.26% with the use of long term antibiotics. There is uncertainty about the relative effects of short-term antibiotics. The quality of the evidence was moderate for SSI, and low for adverse effects. None of the trials assessed or reported data regarding other outcomes. We found no evidence to show whether one antibiotic is better than any other.
We found only one small study, involving 40 infants and 42 women. The study was too small to detect any important differences between the two policies. There were no significant benefits or adverse effects of preterm birth at 36 weeks' gestation for babies with stomach ulcers. There was a small mean difference in gestational age at birth in the two arms of the trial (35.8 weeks (SD 0.7) in the elective group and 36.7 (SD 1.5) in spontaneous group). This review is unable to draw any firm conclusions regarding preterm births for infants with gastroschisis. Only one small trial is included. It is not able to say whether the intervention is beneficial and/or harmful for these babies or their mothers. Further research is needed in this area.
We found three studies in adults, lasting up to one week, in which participants were given either paracetamol or placebo (a pretend medicine) or strong painkillers. The studies were small and of poor quality. All three studies were conducted in the USA. One study was parallel-group, and two had a cross-over design. All participants were adults. We found no studies in children. All studies were at high risk of bias for incomplete outcome data and small numbers of participants. None of the studies reported any of our primary outcomes: participants with pain reduction of at least 50%, and at least 30%, from baseline; people with pain no worse than mild at the end of the treatment period; or people with a Global Impression of Change (PGIC) of much improved or very much improved (or equivalent wording). What pain reports there were indicated no difference between the two groups of participants when added to another treatment. There was no convincing evidence of paracetol being different from placebo with regards to quality of life, use of rescue medication, or participant satisfaction or preference. Measures of harm (serious adverse events, other side effects, and withdrawal due to lack of efficacy) were inconsistently reported and provided no clear evidence of difference. Our GRADE assessment of evidence quality was very low for all outcomes, because of several sources of bias. There is no high-quality evidence to support or refute the use of the first two steps of the three-step WHO cancer pain ladder. It is not clear whether any additional analgesic benefit could be detected in the available studies, in view of the doses of opioids used.
This review of 15 trials found that there is not enough data to confidently inform clinical practice. The quality of the studies was poor. The trials were conducted in China and hospitals. Most were of poor methodological quality. The results of the trials were imprecise. Antimuscarinics (astemizole, diphenhydramine, propantheline, doxepin) were the most commonly studied drugs. For the outcome of 'no clinically important change', astemizole (a drug that dissolves blood clots) and diphenHydramine (an antimuscarine) were better than placebo. However, these drugs can cause side effects. The Chinese medicine suo quo wan (a mixture of spicebush root, Chinese yam and bitter cardamom) showed a greater benefit than doxapin. Of the other drugs, oryzanol (rice bran oil, rice embryo oil extract) showed better results than the antimuscinic doxpein in terms of improvement. There are too few trials to be sure that these drugs are effective. Well designed trials are needed. Some may be underway.
We included six randomised controlled trials (RCTs), comprising 195 participants with MS. Two RCTs investigated inspiratory muscle training with a threshold device; three RCTS, expiratory muscle strength training with threshold device, and one RCT, regular breathing exercises. Eighteen participants (˜ 10%) dropped out. No serious side effects were reported. We pooled data from 5 trials (N=137) for both the effects of inspiratory (inactive) muscle training and the effects on peak flow. Compared to no active control, we found no difference between the groups with regard to the amount of pressure that people could breathe out. However, there was a significant benefit on the predicted peak flow of 20.92 cmH 2O. The quality of evidence was low for all outcomes because of limitations in design and implementation as well as imprecision of results. Due to the low number of studies included, we could not perform cumulative meta-analysis or subgroup analyses. It was not possible to perform a combined analysis for adverse events, no serious adverse events were mentioned in any of the included trials. The evidence is current to January 2018. This review provides low-quality evidence that resistive (i.e. with a resistive threshold device) inspiratory muscles training is moderately effective postintervention for improving predicted maximal inspiratory pressure in people with mild to moderate MS. The sustainability of the favourable effect on quality of life is unclear, as is the impact of the observed effects on the observed side effects.
This review included one randomised clinical trial (RCT) with 38 pregnant women (41 pregnancies) and 26 women (28 pregnancies) being analysed. This RCT compared the effect of a single dose of 1.5 mg/day (betamethasone) with no medication for treating ITP in pregnant women. This trial did not provide evidence of a difference in the risk of neonatal thrombocytopenia and neonatal bleeding in ITP. This review does not provide any evidence about other treatments for ITP during pregnancy. Maternal death, per-natal deaths, postpartum haemorrhage (blood clot in the brain) and newborn blood clots were not studied by this RCT. There is not enough evidence to support the use of one drug for the treatment of ITP, and there is a need for well-designed RCTs.
We found two completed studies, with a total of 111 participants, conducted in Iran. Participants had moderate to severe keratoconus pre-operatively and were randomised to receive either DALK or DALK. The smaller study had 12 month follow-up data. For the larger study, four DALK surgeries had to be abandoned due to technical failure. The remaining 77 participants had at least three months of follow up. Follow-up length for the remaining 77 patients ranged from 6.8 to 36.4 months, with all 77 followed for at least 3 months post-suture removal. Details of the randomisation procedure were unavailable for the smaller study and so we were unable to determine if the results from this study had affected the overall results of the review. Neither of the included studies reported a difference between groups on any of the measures of post-graft visual achievement, keratometric astigmatism or spherical equivalent. A single case of graft failure in a penetrating keratoplasty was reported. No postoperative graft failures were reported in the DALK group of either study. The data, which related to all cases in each study - given that the four cases that did not go ahead as planned had already technically failed without presence of rejection - showed that rejection was less likely to occur in DALK (odds ratio (OR): 0.33, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.14 to 0.81, GRADE rating: moderate). Results of the sensitivity analysis indicated that inclusion of the Razmju 2011 study did not bias the results with regards to rejection episodes. While the data available from the Javadi 2010 study alone had a very wide 95% CI, suggesting an imprecise estimate, it is still difficult to draw conclusions regarding superiority of one technique over another with respect to graft failure. DALK was unable to be completed as planned in four cases and in a further three cases, complications during dissection required further intervention. Other adverse
We included 67 randomised controlled trials (from 76 reports), recruiting 8506 women. The evidence is current to August 2015. The studies varied greatly in terms of the number of women included in analyses, with haemoglobin concentration being the outcome with the largest number of participants analysed (6861 women). Only 10 studies were considered at low overall risk of bias, with most studies presenting insufficient details about trial quality. Women receiving iron were significantly less likely to be anaemic at the end of intervention compared to women receiving control (10 studies, 3273 women, moderate quality evidence). Women had a higher haenoglobin concentration (high quality evidence) and a lower risk of iron deficiency (moderate quality evidence), but no studies reported on iron-deficiency anaemia (a lack of iron in the blood). Only one study (55 women) specifically reported iron deficiency anaemia and found no evidence of an increased risk of death. Women taking iron were more likely to have gastrointestinal side effects (low quality evidence); six studies recruiting 604 women found an increased prevalence of loose stools/diarrhoea; eight studies recruiting 1036 women found a higher prevalence of hard stools or constipation; and seven studies recruiting 1190 women reported abdominal pain among women randomised to iron. Eight studies recruiting 1214 women did not find any evidence of a higher risk of nausea. Evidence that iron supplementation improves cognitive performance in women is uncertain, as studies could not be combined, and individual studies reported conflicting results. Iron supplementation improved maximal and submaximal exercise performance, and reduced symptomatic fatigue. Although adherence could be formally meta-analysed due to differences in reporting, there was no evident difference in adherence between iron and control. Daily iron supplementation effectively reduces the prevalence of anaemia or iron deficiency, raises haemochemistry and iron stores, improves exercise performance and reduces symptomatic tiredness. These benefits come at the expense of increased gastrointestinal symptomatic side effects.
This review included five studies with a total of 1,726 patients. The review found that there was no overall survival benefit of the irinotecan and fluoropyrimidine treatment. However, this result may have been due to the single first-line treatment setting study. There was no reduction in the risk of death from any cause in those treated with the combination chemotherapy. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. There were more side effects in the combination group than in the control group. The evidence for toxicity was assessed to be of low or moderate quality. The results of this review should be interpreted with caution.
The review of trials found that a transverse or oblique incision has less impact on pulmonary function, is less prone to rupture (wound dehiscence/incision) and may look better. The data on pain is less clear. There was no difference seen in other early or late post-operative complications (such as wound rupture) or in the recovery time. The use of analgesic drugs (painkillers) may be reduced with transverse/oblique incisions but this does not seem to be important clinically as the complication rates and recovery times were the same. The results of this review should be treated with caution.
We included a total of nine studies (981 participants) in this review. The mean age of participants ranged from 32.0 to 43.7 years. Five studies were conducted in Europe and four in North America. The evidence is current to January 2018. In MBR compared to usual care for subacute low-back pain, individuals receiving MBR had less pain and less disability, as well as increased likelihood of return-to-work and fewer sick leave days at 12-month follow-up. The effect sizes for pain and disability were low in terms of clinical meaningfulness, whereas effects for work-related outcomes were in the moderate range. However, when comparing MBR to other treatments (i.e. brief intervention with features from a light mobilization program and a graded activity program, functional restoration, brief clinical intervention including education and advice on exercise, and psychological counselling), we found no differences between the groups in pain, functional disability, and time away from work. No adverse events were reported in any of the included studies. On average, people with low back pain who receive MBR will do better than if they receive usual care, but it is not clear whether they do any better than people who receive some other type of treatment. The available research provides mainly low to very low-quality evidence, thus additional high-quality trials are needed before we can describe the value of MBP for clinical practice.
We included 18 trials reporting on 4843 participants in this review. The evidence is current to August 2018. Bisphosphonates probably decrease the number of skeletal-related events and disease progression in men with bone metastases from prostate cancer. Bisplatin-like drugs probably reduce the incidence of bone cancer metastatic to bone and probably reduce progression to bone cancer. These benefits need to be weighed against the increased risk of renal impairment and nausea in men receiving bisphosphosphonate. We found no clear difference in the proportion of men with pain response between men receiving or not receiving bisplatinate drugs. There may be no clinically relevant difference in pain response in men treated with bisphatinates compared to men who received or not given a control drug. We probably increased the risk of nausea and renal problems in men taking bisphinates compared with men who did not take bisphanates. We did not find any clear difference between the two groups in reducing pain and decreasing analgesic consumption. We also found no difference in osteonecrosis of the jaw between groups. We considered the quality of the evidence to be low for pain response and low for quality of life. The quality of evidence was downgraded because of the small number of studies and participants, and because the methods used to measure these outcomes varied greatly across trials.
We included five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 1093 patients. Four trials compared HDT + ASCT with chemotherapy or immuno-chemotherapy in patients who had not been treated with stem cell transplants. One trial compared rituximab (a drug that suppresses the immune system) to both treatment arms. The quality of the five trials is judged to be moderate. All trials were reported as randomised, which means that participants were not aware of which treatment they were receiving. Due to this, we could not be sure that the results were reliable. For OS, the results of three trials from the survival curves were used. We found a statistically significant increased PFS (time to death from any cause) in patients with previously untreated FL. However, this effect did not translate into an OS advantage. The subgroup of trials (one trial) adding ritukimab to both intervention arms confirms these results. For patients with relapsed FL, there is some evidence that HDT is advantageous in terms of PFS and OS (PFS: HR = 0.30; 95% CI 0.15 to 0.61). For this trial, no results were reported for TRM, side effects or other cancers. Adverse events (mostly infections, haematological toxicity) were more common in patients undergoing HDT plus ASCT. In summary, the evidence suggests that there may be a strong PFS benefit for HDT+ASCT compared with chemotherapy and immunotherapy in previously untreated patients with FL. Further trials evaluating this approach are needed to determine this effect more precisely. Moreover, longer follow-up data are necessary to find out whether the PFS advantage will translate into a significant OS advantage in newly untreated patients.
We included 15 randomised trials with a total of 1437 participants in this review. The evidence is current to May 2015. The trials compared WDD with placebo or no treatment, other antipsychotic drugs, and other treatments. The review found that WDD improved the short-term global state of people with schizophrenia compared with placebo (i.e. no treatment) and mental state. However, WDD was associated with fewer people experiencing extrapyramidal effects (EPS) compared with other treatments (2 RCTs 0/70 versus 47/70, moderate-quality evidence). However, there was no difference in global or mental state between WDD and other drugs used to treat schizophrenia. WDD caused fewer side effects compared with antipsychotics alone. The combination of WDD + antipsychoid was found to be more effective in improving global state and mental health compared to antipsychosis alone. There was no effect on weight gain. There were no data on quality of life, hospital service use and economics. The available evidence is not high quality. Better designed large studies are needed.
We included 12 studies with 799 participants in this review. The evidence is current to September 2016. The review assessed six comparisons. 1. Multistrand stainless steel versus superelastic nickel-titanium (NiTi) arch wires. There were five studies in this group and it was appropriate to undertake a meta-analysis of two of them. There is insufficient evidence from these studies to determine whether there is a difference in rate of alignment between multistrand and supererelastic NiTi arch wires (low-quality evidence). 2. Multistingrand stainless Steel versus thermoelastic Ni Ti arch wires. There were two studies in the group, but it was not appropriate to analyse the data. There was insufficient evidence to determine if there is any difference in pain at day 1 between the interventions. 3. Conventional NiTi versus conventional NiTi. There are three studies in these groups, but there was not enough evidence to be able to draw any conclusions about whether there was any difference between these two types of wires with regard to either alignment or pain. 4. Single-strand versus single strand (cofferial) supelerelastic (single strand) NiTi. There was only one study (24 participants). There is moderate-quality data from this study that suggests that coaxial (single strand) and single strand (singlestrand) sulevolous (single Strand) niTi can produce greater tooth movement over 12 weeks than arch wires made of single-stranded NiTi, but pain was not measured. 5. Superelastics versus conventional and thermoels. There are no studies in either comparing these materials. 6. Traditional NiTi or thermoelaelastic niTi versus thermolyelastic (two studies in each group). There was no evidence to support the use of these materials for the treatment of root resorption. None of the studies reported the adverse outcome of root
This review includes just one small study of 306 older people with dementia and an average age of 86 years. The study did not measure any of our main outcomes, but did measure behavioural change using three scales. These scales were: the Cohen-Mansfield Agitation Scale (CMAI; 29-item scale), the NPI (12-item score scale), and the OBS (25- item score scale). The CMAI, which is a scale that measures the amount of aggression in people with Parkinson’s disease, showed a 5.69 point change in favour of the intervention group. Physically Non-Aggressive Behaviour, such as pacing, repetition, and hitting, improved in the control group. There was no difference in the change scores on the Phys aggressive Behaviour scale. The OBS did not show a difference in favour to the control groups. The quality of this evidence was very low. The limited evidence means that uncertainty remains around the effectiveness of de-escalation and the relative efficacy of different techniques. We need more high-quality research on this topic.
We included 13 trials with 1316 participants in this review. Eleven trials had a small sample size and short follow-up periods. The overall risk of bias in the included studies was high. The data were not suitable for meta-analysis, due to differences in the skin care products, skin care procedures, and measurement tools. Nine trials compared different types of topical skin care. Two trials compared a structured skin care procedure. One trial compared the use of different frequencies of skin care application. The evidence is current to 28 September 2016. We found two trials, being of low and moderate quality, that soap and water perform poorly in preventing and treatment of IAD. The first trial suggests that the first skin cleanser might be more effective than the first soap. The second trial indicated that a washcloth with cleansing, and protecting properties, might be better than soap. Findings from the other trials suggest that applying a leave-on product, such as a moisturiser, skin protectant, or a combination, and avoiding soap seems to be a better way to prevent and treat IAD than not applying these products. There was no evidence on the number of people not satisfied with the treatment or on side effects. The quality of the evidence was very low to moderate.
We included seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 333 participants. The evidence is current to September 2015. Three trials studied hospitalised patients, two trials were conducted in an outpatient setting, while the trial setting was unclear in two studies. Participants' ages ranged from two years to young adults. Follow-up varied from 20 days to six months. The type of antiviral, administration route, and treatment duration varied between the trials. The antivirals in the included studies were acyclovir, valomaciclovir and valacycloviral. The review found that antiviral treatment improved clinical signs and symptoms in two of the 12 outcomes (time to clinical recovery as assessed by physician and duration of lymphadenopathy). However, the quality of the evidence was very low and so the results should be interpreted with caution. There was a reduction in the time taken for patients to recover from their symptoms but this may not be clinically meaningful. The quality of evidence was also very low for the outcome 'adverse events and side effects of medication' in only five studies. In some reports authors were unsure whether an adverse event was related to medication or complication of disease. These results could not be combined due to the potential for double counting of results but overall, the majority of trials reporting this outcome did not find any significant difference between treatment and control groups. In terms of viral shedding, the overall effect from six studies was that viral shedding was suppressed while on antiviral therapy, but this effect was not sustained when treatment stopped. For all other outcomes there was no statistically significant difference in antiviral intervention and control group. The majority of included trials were at unclear or high risk of bias and so questions remain about the effectiveness of this intervention. Although two of these 12 outcomes have results that favour treatment over control, these results are very low quality evidence and so may be of limited clinical significance.
This review examined four trials lasting 24 to 52 weeks involving over 2250 people. The trials compared insulin detemir and glargine. Insulin was given once-daily in the evening with the option of an extra dose in the morning in three of the four trials, and twice daily in one trial. Of the 2250 patients, 13.6% to 57.2% were injecting insulin deteemir twice daily at the end of the trial. The results showed no differences in overall, nocturnal and severe hypoglycemia (low blood sugar) between treatment groups. There was also no difference in the number of injection site reactions between the groups. Treatment with insulin glargines resulted in a lower daily basal insulin dose and a lower number of needle reactions, but less weight gain. It was not possible to assess the quality of life, costs or mortality of the patients. Only one trial reported results on health-related blood glucose profile and found no significant differences between the two groups. Our analyses suggest that there is no clinically relevant difference in efficacy or safety between insulin detenir and insulinglargine for targeting hyperglycaemia.
This review of trials found six trials that compared SNS with no stimulation. Six trials assessed the effects of SNS for abdominal pain. Two trials assessed SNS on constipation. One trial by Tjandra found that SNS reduced the frequency of bowel incontinence in 53 people with severe abdominal pain in the SNS group. The other trial by Thin found that 15 people with a more severe form of abdominal pain with SNS in the 'on' and 'off' periods had less abdominal pain compared with 15 people who received no treatment. The trial by Kahlke found that 14 people with abdominal pain during the stimulator ‘on’ period had fewer episodes per week compared with 14 people in the ‘off’ time period. In contrast, in the trial by Dinning, SNS did not improve bowel movements and 73 adverse events were reported. These included pain at the site of the implant, infection, wound infection, and urological events. In the crossover trial by Vaizey and Leroi, participants had an average of six and one bowel movements per week during the 'off', 'on', ‘crossover’, and ‘offs’ periods respectively. Two of the 27 people recruited to the trial experienced a side effect. Four of 27 people had an adverse event, one of which required removal of the device. No side effects were reported in the other three trials. The limited evidence from these trials suggests SNS can improve continence in a number of patients with bowel problems. However, there were no improvements in symptoms. Rigorous randomised trials are needed to allow for a more precise assessment of the benefits and harms.
The review of trials found two randomised controlled trials (n = 190) that compared molar bands bonded with either a chemical-cured or a light-coloured adhesive. One trial showed that there was less decalcification of the teeth with molar tubs cemented with glass ionomer cement. The other trial showed no difference between the two groups. Both trials were at low risk of bias. No other adverse events were identified.
We identified 66 articles (published between 1988 and 2012) that were eligible for this review. We collected the data on 7747 patients with gastric cancer who were staged with EUS. The quality of the included studies was good. Overall, we found that the diagnostic accuracy of EUS might be helpful to guide doctors in the staging of people with stomach cancer. However, the results of this review should be interpreted with caution because of the wide variety of studies and the small number of studies. Moreover, we must be warned that physicians are less likely to exclude people with tumours that have spread beyond the stomach wall. We found that EUS is less accurate in diagnosing the presence of tumours in the stomach and in the lymph nodes. We did not find any evidence that the accuracy of the EUS was improved in terms of detecting tumours spread to the lungs, but it is possible that this could be due to the fact that it was not used in all studies. We also found that it is not possible to tell whether EUS can detect tumours spreading to the lung or the lymph node. We conclude that the ability to detect tumour spread to other parts of the body and in lymph nodes is not optimal. Therefore, doctors should be careful when using EUS to guide them in this area.
We found six randomised clinical trials involving 492 participants. The trials compared day-surgery versus overnight stay surgery. The number of participants in each trial ranged from 28 to 150. The mean or median age in the trials was between 40 and 47 years. The proportion of women in these trials varied between 74% and 84%. The trials did not report any short-term deaths. There was no significant difference between the two groups in the rate of serious adverse events. The quality of life of patients was no different between the groups. No difference was seen in the number of people who had to be readmitted to hospital. There were no significant differences in pain, time to return to normal activity, or earlier return to work. For all outcomes except pain, the information was far less than we would need to exclude random errors. We concluded that there was no difference in the risk of death in either group. There is no evidence that there is a difference between day- and overnight stay laparoscopic cholecystectomy in terms of patient-oriented outcomes. The evidence for these findings is weak. More trials are needed to assess the impact of day-surgically-scaled laparoscopy on the patient-related outcomes.
We included eight studies, involving 2488 participants, two more than the previous version of this review. Two studies used a placebo control and six used 0.04% capsaicin as an 'active' (placebo) placebo. We found four studies (1272 participants). We found that high-concentration capsaicine used to treat postherpetic nerve pain, HIV-neuropathy, and painful diabetic nervepathy provided more pain relief than control treatment. At both 8 and 12 weeks, about 10% more people reported that their pain was much or very much improved with high-centre capsaicins than with control treatment, but the difference was small. For painful diabetic neuropathy, we found two small studies (801 participants). One study reported the proportion of people who had pain reduced by at least 30% at 12 weeks (27% with high, 10% with placebo). For both studies, the pain was reduced by an average of 30% and at least 50% with the use of high-consumption capsaicines, respectively. The quality of the evidence was very low for pain reduction in pain due to nerve damage. We downgraded the evidence for pain relief due to lack of data, imprecision, and risk of bias. We did not find any deaths related to study medication. Local side effects were common, but not consistently reported. There were no major side effects. Serious side effects did not differ between groups, but lack of efficacy was somewhat more common with control (21 to 67 out of 67) and active (3.5%) treatment. We judged the quality of this evidence to be moderate or low. The studies were generally well conducted, but small. We rated the quality as moderate or very low, meaning that we are uncertain about the results.
We included three trials involving 6343 participants. The trials differed in the methods of measurement of carotid stenosis, and the definition of stroke. We did a combined analysis of the data from 6092 people (35,000 patients years of follow-up). We re-analysed the data and found no significant differences between the trials in the risks of any of the main outcomes. Surgery increased the five-year risk of a stroke in participants with less than 30% stenosis. There was no significant difference in risk of stroke in people with 30% to 49%, and there was no difference in the number of people with 50% to 69%. Endarterectomy was of some benefit for people with symptoms of narrowing of the artery, and for those with 70% to 99% narrowing. However, we found no benefit in people who were near-occlusion. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. The evidence is up-to-date as of February 2019.
We included 10 retrospective cohort studies, with a total of 864 participants. The participants underwent enterostomy placement in the frame of an operation for: rectal cancer (37/60), ulcerative colitis (14/60) and familial adenomatous polyposis (7/60). The results of this review were inconclusive for the incidence of parastomies (parastomal herniation), development of ileus, stenosis, or dermatitis, and skin irritation. The results for the subgroup analysis in which we compared the effect of the lateral pararectal approach (i.e. ileostomy) versus the transrectal (rectal) approach (colostomy), were also inconclusive. The study did not measure other stoma-related morbidities, or deaths, but did measure quality of life. The overall quality of the evidence was low. The included studies did not provide enough evidence to support or refute one of the two surgical approaches for stoma formation. None of the included studies measured other complications or deaths. The quality of evidence was very low for all of the outcomes. The evidence is up-to-date as of February 2016.
We found 24 relevant studies, which included 2126 people with schizophrenia. The evidence is current to September 2013. We found no significant differences in the rates of relapse, hospitalisation and general functioning between supportive therapy and standard care. There were, however, significant differences favouring other psychological or psychosocial treatments over supportive therapy. These included hospitalisation rates, clinical improvement in mental state and satisfaction of treatment for the recipient of care. For this comparison, we found no evidence of significant differences for rate of relapse and quality of life. When we compared supportive therapy to cognitive behavioural therapy CBT, we again found no differences in primary outcomes. There was very limited data to compare supportive therapy with family therapy and psychoeducation, and no studies provided data regarding clinically important change in general functioning, one of our primary outcomes of interest. There are several outcomes, including hospitalisation, clinical improvements in mental health and satisfaction with treatment, indicating advantages for other psychological therapies over supportive therapies but these findings are based on a few small studies where we graded the evidence as very low quality. Future research would benefit from larger trials that use supportive therapy as the main treatment arm rather than the comparator.
We found 11 studies, lasting one week or longer, involving 949 people with cancer pain. Most people with moderate or severe cancer pain were randomised to NSAIDs, but few completed treatment or had the results of treatment. Eight studies were double-blind; two were single-blind. None had a placebo only control. Eight of the 11 studies compared different NSAIDs; three compared an NSAID with an opioid (an opioid drug), and one both. It was not possible to compare NSAIDs as a group with another NSAID, or one NSAID compared with another drug. Results for all NSAIDs are reported as a single cohort. We judged results for all outcomes as very low-quality evidence. None of the studies reported pain reduction of at least 50% from baseline; patients with pain scores of much improved or very much improved. With NSAID treatment, the pain level was reduced to no worse than mild pain in four studies (415 people in total), with a range between 26% and 51% in each study. Adverse events were reported in two studies, and included thirst/dry mouth (15%), loss of appetite (14%), somnolence (11%), and dyspepsia (11%). There were no deaths, but these were not clearly related to the pain treatment. Withdrawals were common, mostly because of lack of effect (24%) or side effects (5%). We judged the quality of the evidence to be very low. There is not enough evidence to support or refute the use of NSAIDs for the three steps of the three-step cancer pain ladder.
This review included two studies with a total of 287 participants. One study, which involved 253 participants, reported that pain at day two and day three was lower with tinzaparin than in the placebo group. This study also showed that people treated with tizanaparin had fewer hospitalisation days than those in the group treated with placebo, but this result is based on only two studies. The second study, involving 34 participants, only addressed one of the outcomes that we were interested in; i.e. pain intensity. After one day pain intensity reduced more, as reported on a visual analogue scale, in the dalteparin group, but the quality of this study was very low. Two minor bleeding events were reported as adverse events in the tizaparin group and none were reported in the control group. Based on the results of these two studies, evidence is incomplete to support or refute the effectiveness of low-molecular-weight heparins in people with sickle cell disease. Vaso-occlusive crises are extremely debilitating for sufferers of sickle cells and therefore well-designed placebo-controlled studies with other types of heparin, and in participants with different genotypes of disease, still need to be carried out to confirm or dismiss the results from this single study. The quality of the evidence was downgraded due to serious risk of bias and imprecision (due to low sample size or low occurrence of events).
We did not find any randomised trials that directly compared anticoagulant drugs with antiplatelet drugs. There were also no randomised studies directly comparing the two treatments. We found 36 observational studies (1285 patients), which did not show a significant difference in the risk of death, stroke, or ischaemic stroke. There was no evidence to support the routine use of these drugs for the treatment of extracranial carotid artery dissection.
We identified 26 randomised controlled trials (2066 patients) that compared silver-containing dressings with non-silver dressings, or with other dressings. Most of the trials were of poor quality. We grouped results according to wound type, and the type of silver preparation. Thirteen trials (involving silver sulphadiazine (SSD) cream) found that silver-coated gauze (Acticoat®) and silver nitrate gauze, which are used to treat wounds, reduced the risk of infection. Six trials (nine dressings in total) compared SSD cream with silver (non-silver) dressing. One trial showed fewer infections (less than with a silver cream) with the silver cream (Hydron AgSD). However, the other five trials found no evidence of a difference. There were no differences in the number of people who developed infections with silver-coloured dressings or with SSD cream. There was not enough evidence to determine whether the use of SSD cream or SSD dressings improves wound healing, or prevents wound infections.
We included 12 studies with 3571 participants. All studies examined the use of one antibiotic regimen versus another for the treatment of VAP. All but one study reported sources of funding or author affiliations with pharmaceutical companies. There was potential for bias in some of the studies because some studies did not report outcomes for all participants. We found no difference in the risk of death from VAP between people treated with either a single antibiotic or multiple antibiotics. We did not find a difference between the two groups of people with VAP for the following outcomes: death from any cause, length of stay in ICU or side effects. We downgraded the evidence for all-cause deaths, side effects, and length of ICU stay to very low quality. The evidence for clinical cure was very low-quality. For our second comparison of combination therapy with other antibiotics, we could not find any trials comparing the same antibiotic regimens. Two studies compared the combination of tigecycline with imipenem and found an increase in clinical cure for tigECyclines. However, this was due to a single study. The quality of the evidence was low for all other outcomes. We could not compare carbapenems with carbapens for VAP because there were no trials. However we found that carbapenos are associated with a statistically significant increase in the clinical cure, but the evidence is based on a single trial. We judged the quality of evidence for adverse events to be low. Since we did not identify patients with increased risk for multidrug-resistant bacteria, these data may not be generalisable to all patient groups.
We found 29 studies investigating policies targeting 11 drug classes for restriction. The policies varied by drug class and whether restrictions were implemented or relaxed. When policies targeted gastric-acid-suppressing drugs (e.g. statins) and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, the use of these drugs decreased immediately and for up to two years, with substantial savings on drugs, with no increase in other health services. Relaxing restrictions for reimbursement of antihypertensives (drugs that lower blood pressure) resulted in more appropriate use and fewer drug prescriptions. Further research is needed to determine the impact of policies on health. Policy design needs to be based on research quantifying the harms and benefits of target and alternative drugs to avoid unwanted health system and health effects. Impacts on health equity, relating to the fair and just distribution of health benefits in society, also require explicit measurement.
This review aimed to assess the effectiveness of one-to-one OHA for oral health maintenance. Nineteen studies met the criteria for this review. The included studies reported a wide range of interventions, study populations, dental health outcomes and outcome measures. There was not enough evidence to be able to pool the results of the studies. We summarised data by categorising similar treatments into groups. We found no evidence that any of these treatments demonstrated a difference in the effects of oral health or plaque on gingivitis, plaque or tooth decay. None of the included studies measured dental cavities. The quality of the evidence was low. There is not enough high-quality evidence available to recommend any specific OHA method as being effective in the maintenance and improvement of teeth or being more effective than one another. More research is needed to determine the most effective, efficient method of OHA. Such trials should be cognisant of the limitations of the available evidence.
We found five small trials that compared oral steroids with placebo or no treatment. The trials were of variable quality (only one of high quality) and some were poorly-reported. One trial reported significant short-term benefits in pain and range of movement of the shoulder, but the effect may not be maintained beyond six weeks. A second trial reported no differences between oral steroids and no treatment in pain or range of movements but it suggested that the benefit occurred earlier in the steroid treated group. A third trial reported that oral steroids provided more rapid improvement in pain but there was no difference between the groups by five months. There were minimal side effects reported. The results from two placebo- and no-treatment controlled trials and one no-treatment controlled trial provide "Silver" level evidence (www.cochranemsk.org) to support the use of oral steroids in adhesive capsulitis. The evidence is up to date as of April 2013.
We identified three randomised controlled trials with a total of 50 participants. All three trials compared rTMS with sham TMS. All the trials were of poor methodological quality and were not homogeneous enough to allow the pooling of results. Moreover, there was a high rate of attrition from the trials. None of the trials provided detailed data on the ALS Functional Rating Scale (ALSFRS-R) scores at six months. One trial contained data in a suitable form for quantitative analysis. No difference was seen between the r tMS and sham r TMS using the ALSFRS-r scores at 12 months follow-up in this trial. Additionally, there were no reports of any adverse events. There is not enough evidence to be able to draw conclusions about the efficacy and safety of rTMs in the treatment of ALS. Further studies may be helpful if their potential benefit is weighed against the impact on the people with ALS. However, in view of the small sample size, the methodological limitations and incomplete outcome data, we are unable to draw any conclusions.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials with a total of 1049 participants. All studies involved different comparisons, none had a placebo group. In 1 trial plasma exchange plus prednisone improved disease control at 1 month, but there was no difference at 6 months. In another trial, clobetasol was more effective than oral prednisolone in people with extensive BP. There were no differences in healing in one trial. There was no significant difference in the number of adverse events in people treated with either a higher or lower dose. There is no evidence to support the use of higher doses of steroids for BP. Milder regimens (lower doses) are safe and effective in BP. Starting dosages greater than 0.75 mg/kg/day do not give more benefit, but lower doses may be adequate to control BP and reduce the risk of adverse reactions.
This review of 75 randomised trials, involving 7957 participants, found that some herbal medicines may improve the symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome. However, the methodological quality of three trials was high, but the quality of the remaining trials was generally low. Herbal medicines were also combined with conventional therapy and compared to conventional therapy alone. No serious adverse events from the herbal medicines were reported. Some herbal medicines deserve further examination in high-quality trials.
We found 22 trials that evaluated LNG and other hormonal drugs on a regular basis. The studies included a total of 12,400 participants. The trials were conducted in Europe, Asia, and the Americas. The drugs and doses evaluated included levonorgestrel (LNG) 0.75 mg (11 studies), LNG in doses other than 0. 75 mg (4 trials), and hormones other than LNG (7 trials). Outcomes included pregnancy rates, discontinuation, side effects, and acceptability. Most women liked the LNG method, in spite of frequent menstrual irregularities. Menstrual irregularities were the most common side effects reported. However, the studies provided no consistent evidence of a relationship between bleeding abnormalities and the frequency of pill intake or total dose of the drug. Most side effects were mild and not reported in most studies. The LNG regimens provided promising results. Rigorous research is still needed to confirm the use of LNG as a method of birth control among women with infrequent intercourse. If the method is shown to be effective, safe and acceptable, the results may warrant a change in the current World Health Organization guidelines and marketing strategies.
We included 15 studies with a total of 561 randomised patients. The studies were conducted in Europe, India, China, South Korea and the USA. The age range of patients was commonly restricted to adolescents or young adults, but two studies were from a much wider age range. The distribution of patients in eight of the studies was similar in eight studies, with a predominance of female patients in seven of these. Ten studies with 407 randomised and 390 analysed patients compared surgical anchorage with standard anchorage. There was strong evidence of an effect of anchorage on this outcome. We found that there was a 1.68 mm increase in mesiodistal movement of the upper first molar teeth with the use of a surgical anchor. This result should be viewed with some caution as there was substantial variation in the results for this outcome between studies. We also found that reinforcement of the first molars was more effective with a surgical clamp than with conventional anchorage, and that mini-screw implants were particularly promising. We did not find evidence of a difference in length of treatment between the two techniques. No studies reported on harms. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to low. Eight of the 15 studies were assessed to be at high risk of bias. Six studies were judged to be of unclear quality. One study was rated as of high quality. Two studies were rated as being of low quality.
We included 50 studies (45,285 participants): 47 studies (39,820 participants) compared statins with a placebo (dummy treatment) and three studies (5547 participants) looked at two statin regimens in people with CKD. We were able to combine results from 38 of these studies (37,274 participants). We found that statins reduce the risk of death, heart attack, and stroke by 20% in people who do not have CVD. Statins have an important role in preventing death and heart attack in CKD, but the effects of statin treatment on heart and blood vessel function are uncertain. We did not find evidence that statin-related effects on stroke and kidney function are clear.
We found nine trials with 379 participants. Nine trials evaluated the use of drugs to treat pain in children with cystic fibrosis. Five trials evaluated intrathecal baclofen and two trials evaluated botulinum toxin. The other four trials evaluated bisphosphonate and pamidronate. All of the trials were of mixed quality. Three of the studies evaluated CP, two trials on CP and one trial on OI. No trials were identified that evaluated a commonly used pain medicine in this group. For the two ITB studies, both found an effect on pain favouring the intervention group. However, there was no clear evidence of a difference in pain between the two groups. In the BoNT-A trials, the most common side effects were nausea and vomiting. In one trial there were also eight serious side effects; these included difficulty swallowing and seizures. The trial did not state if these occurred in the control group. At follow-up, both BoNT A and BoNT B trials did not show an effect in pain. Gastrointestinal problems, such as nausea, were the most frequent side effects. No side effects of the drugs were reported in the trial investigating pamidine. Based on the evidence that is currently available, we are not able to draw any conclusions on the effectiveness of drugs for pain relief in pain-related cystitis with LLCs. More research is needed.
We found seven trials involving a total of 1697 participants. Three trials involving 1243 patients were included in analyses of efficacy outcomes, and four trials (1034 patients) in our analyses. No data from the seventh trial were available. We judged five trials to be at high risk of bias due to selective reporting of outcome data. Three of the seven trials were at risk of systematic error (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way they were conducted). Due to lack of data, we were not able to determine whether latrepirdine had any effect on cognition and function in people with mild-to-moderate AD. However, there was some low quality evidence showing a low quality benefit on cognition on the Clinician’s Interview (CIBIC-Plus) and the Mini-Mental State (MMSE). There was no difference in the risk of side effects between the drug and a placebo (a pretend drug). However, some high quality evidence showed a small benefit of the drug on the Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI) at study end points. The evidence provided on these outcomes was of low quality. We considered these results to be of overall low quality, as they were imprecise and there were problems with the way the trials were conducted. The quality of the evidence was downgraded due to the small size of the studies, imprecision in the results, inconsistencies between studies and the low number of studies. Nevertheless, the evidence to date suggests that there is no effect of latrepiritine on cognition or function in mild to moderate AD, though there may be a modest benefit for behaviour. Further studies should investigate the potential benefit of latREPirdine on the neuropsychiatric symptoms in AD.
We included seven trials, involving 735 participants, in this review. We analysed the effects of RIC treatment on preventing and treating stroke respectively. We found low-quality evidence from three trials (involving 371 participants) to suggest that RIC may reduce the risk of recurrent stroke in people with intracerebral artery stenosis, but it may increase stroke severity in people who have had a stroke. In people with carotid stenosis who had a stent, there was no difference between RIC and non-RIC treatment for preventing stroke. However, the risk was reduced by RIC. The risk of stroke was lower in people treated with RIC, but there was a higher risk of side effects associated with the treatment. In acute ischaemic stroke, the rate of death or dependency was higher in participants who had received RIC compared with those who had not. No severe side effects were reported. No people experienced death or heart problems during the study period. We did not find any studies that reported on the effect of the RIC on ischaemia. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low or very low, because of the small number of studies and low risk of bias in the included studies. The evidence is up to date as of August 2018.
We included six randomised controlled trials, involving 204 preterm infants, comparing protein supplements with no supplements. The evidence is current to August 2018. We found low-quality evidence that protein supplementation of human milk increased short-term growth in weight, length, and head circumference. There was no evidence of a clear difference in rate of growth of skin fold thickness between the supplemented and unsupplemented groups (triceps MD 0.06 mm/wk, one study, 20 infants; or subscapularMD 0.01 to 0.12; four studies, 68 infants; I² = 89%). There were no data on outcomes after hospital discharge. We did not find any evidence about the effects of protein supplementation on the risk of feeding intolerance, necrotizing enterocolitis, or changes in serum albumin concentrations. No data were available about the effect of protein supplements on body mass index, body composition, neurodevelopmental, or cardio-metabolic outcomes. We rated the quality of the evidence as low or very low, meaning that further research is very likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the results.
We included 45 studies: 14 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and 31 interrupted time series (ITS) studies. Almost all the included studies (44/45) compared PEMs to no intervention. One single study compared a paper-based PEM to the same CD-ROM. The results of this review suggest that when used alone or as part of a multi-faceted approach, PEM may have a small beneficial effect on professional practice. However, we could not comment on which PEM characteristics influence their effectiveness. There is not enough evidence to reliably estimate the effect of PEM on patient outcomes.
This review of 23 randomised trials found that behavioural interventions for young women, which aim to promote sexual behaviours protective of STI transmission, can be effective. There were no clear effects on abstaining from or reducing sexual activity. However, there were some positive effects on condom use. None of the trials mentioned HPV or cervical cancer prevention.
We included twenty studies with a total of 2337 participants in this review. Nineteen studies compared brief psychoeducation with routine care, or conventional delivery of information. One study compared brief intervention with cognitive behavior therapy. We found twenty studies that were of moderate to low quality. The evidence is current to January 2015. The review found that participants receiving short-term psychoeducation were less likely to be non-compliant with medication than those receiving routine care in the short term and medium term, and were more likely to comply with medication in the long term. Participants who received brief intervention were also more likely than those who received routine care to be able to take their medication on time. Participants receiving brief intervention also had better compliance with medication and improved mental state and social function in the medium term. Social function such as rehabilitation status and social disability were also improved in the brief intervention group. There was no difference found in quality of life as measured by GQOLI-74, nor in the death rate in either group. Based on mainly low to very low quality evidence from a limited number of studies, short psychoeducation of any form appears to reduce relapse, and promote medication compliance, in people with schizophrenia. A brief psychoeducational approach could potentially be effective, but further large, high-quality studies are needed to either confirm or refute the use of this approach.
We included 11 studies comprising 9839 participants in our analysis. Most studies included people with moderate to severe COPD, without recent exacerbations. One drug company sponsored study (37%) accounted for 37% of participants. Follow-up ranged from 6 to 52 weeks. Five studies recruited people with COPD in the gold-standard category (GOLD). One study recruited people in the category of 'D', two studies in the categories of 'A', 'B', and 'C', and three in 'C'. All but one of these studies were sponsored by drug companies. The results showed that LAMA+LABA was better than the LABA+LARBA arm in terms of lung function, lung function tests, and quality of life. We also found that people taking LAMA +LABA were less likely to have a flare-up of COPD. We found that there were fewer flare-ups, fewer people dying, and more people with a better quality of their life. However, these results were based on only a small number of studies. The quality of the evidence was low or moderate. This means that we cannot be certain of the results.
We included three studies with 91 children aged between 6 months and 4 years. All studies were conducted in emergency departments in the USA (two studies) and Spain (one study). The evidence is current to September 2016. One study of 15 children with mild croup compared heliox with 30% humidified oxygen for 20 minutes. There may be no difference in croup score changes between groups at 20 minutes (mean difference (MD -0.83, 95% confidence interval (CI) -2.36 to 0.70). There may not be any difference in mean respiratory rate and mean heart rate (MD 14.50, CI -8.49 to 37.49) with heliox compared to 100% oxygen given one to two doses of adrenaline. The evidence for all outcomes in this comparison was of low quality, downgraded due to imprecision and high risk of bias related to inadequate reporting. In another study, 47 children with moderate to severe croup received one dose of oral dexamethasone (0.3 mg/kg) with either heliox for 60 minutes or no treatment. Heliox may slightly improve croup scores at 60 minutes postintervention, but may have little or no difference overall using repeated measures analysis. Children may have lower mean respiratory rates and heart rate scores at 90 minutes but may not have any difference overall at 120 minutes. Information on hospitalisation or re-presenting to the emergency department was not reported. The included studies did not report on adverse events, intensive care admissions, or parental anxiety. We could not pool the available data because each comparison included data from only one study. Due to very limited evidence, uncertainty remains about the effectiveness and safety of heliox.
The review of trials found that most red flags appear to be of poor diagnostic accuracy. However, when combinations of red flags were used, they appeared to be more accurate. The review also found that many red flags have high false positive rates, which would have serious consequences for patients with LBP.
This review identified two randomised trials that compared urethral stricture treatment with surgery or urethroplasty. One trial compared the outcomes of surgery and surgery alone. This trial found no difference in the proportion of men who were free of stricture at three years or in the length of time it took for the disease to recur. The second trial, which included 50 men with a traumatic stricture of the urethra, compared surgery and ureter surgery in 210 men. In the first six months, men were more likely to require further surgery for a recurrence of the disease. After two years, 16 of 25 (64%) men treated by urethrotomy required continued self-dilatation (e.g. urethration) or further surgery to prevent the recurrence. There were insufficient data to determine which treatment was the best. There were too few data to be sure which treatment is the best in terms of balance of benefits and harms. Well designed, well-designed multi-centre trials are needed to answer relevant clinical questions.
This review of trials found that inhaled corticosteroids (budesonide and beclomethasone), given for 12 to 52 weeks, were as effective as daily ICS. There was no difference in the risk of patients experiencing one or more flare-ups (flare-ups) requiring oral steroids. No group difference was observed in the number of patients with serious side effects. In children and adults with asthma, there was low quality evidence that intermittent ICS were as safe as daily treatment. In preschool children with asthma and preschool children suspected of asthma, the use of daily inhaled ICS was superior to intermittent ICs in lung function, airway inflammation, asthma control, and reliever use. There were no differences between the two groups in terms of adverse effects, adverse events, hospitalisations or emergency department visits or withdrawals. The quality of the evidence was low for all outcomes. More research is needed to determine the long-term effects of ICS on lung growth and lung function.
We included 17 studies involving 1639 people with CKD. Three studies enrolled 341 people treated with dialysis, four studies enrolled 168 kidney transplant recipients, and 10 studies enrolled 1130 people. Eleven studies (900 people) evaluated dietary counselling, six studies (739 people) assessed dietary patterns and two studies (181 people) examined dietary changes. The studies were followed up for a median of 12 months. We found that dietary interventions may increase health-related quality of life, eGFR, and albumin, and lower blood pressure. Dietary interventions may prevent one person in every 3000 treated for one year avoiding ESKD. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. The included studies were not designed to look at death from any cause or cardiovascular events. The evidence is up to date as of April 2018. The dietary interventions were associated with a higher health- related quality oflife, e-GFR and albumins, and a lower blood lipid levels. The risk of adverse events were generally not reported. The effects of dietary interventions on blood pressure and diastolic blood pressure were uncertain. A Mediterranean diet lowered serum LDL cholesterol levels, and dietary interventions have uncertain effects on mortality, cardiovascular events and ESKd. The certainty in the results was very low. Based on stakeholder prioritisation of dietary research in the setting of CKD and preliminary evidence of beneficial effects on risks factors for clinical outcomes, large-scale pragmatic RCTs to test the effects on patient outcomes are required.
We found only one study that met the inclusion criteria for this review. The study included 156 children aged between seven weeks and 24 months with bronchiolitis. Participants were randomised into three groups: (1) nebulised saline, (2) mist in a tent, and (3) steam inhalation (or cool mist therapy). The results showed a significant decrease in respiratory distress symptom (RDS) score in the group of children who received nebulaised salbutamol, but no significant reduction in the RDS score in either the mist in the tent or nebulisation saline groups. The results of the study did not report on adverse effects of the interventions. We conclude that there is insufficient evidence to inform practice regarding the use of mist therapy or steam inhalations for acute bronchiolysis in children up to three years old.
We found four randomised controlled trials (1154 participants, age range 50 to 90 years). All participants had a diagnosis of probable or possible Alzheimer's disease. Most participants were on a statin and most were already taking cholinesterase inhibitors. We found that statins have no benefit on the primary outcome measures of ADAS-Cog or MMSE. There was no difference between statins and placebo in changes in the Mini Mental State Examination. Three studies reported treatment-related side effects. When we pooled the data, we found no significant benefit from statins in MMSE when we compared statins with placebo. We assessed risk of bias as low for all studies. We did not find any studies assessing the role of statin in treatment of VaD.
Four studies involving 149 participants were included in this review. Two studies assessed the effect of night splinting in 26 children and adults with Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease. These studies did not show any significant difference in ankle strength and function between those wearing a splint and those who did not. One study evaluated prednisone treatment in 103 boys with Duchenne. While a daily dose of 0.75 mg/kg/day was found to be effective for some of the outcomes, there was no evidence of benefit for ankle range of motion in this group of children. There was one study that evaluated early surgery in 20 young boys with achilles tendon contractures. This study showed an increase in ankle dorsiflexion range at 12 months but the results were not statistically or clinically significant. By 24 months, many boys in the group of boys who had early surgery had a relapse of aches and dislocation. There is no evidence that any of these interventions have a significant benefit for increasing ankle strength or function. Further research is required.
We found 25 randomised controlled trials (5218 women) that compared upright and mobile (walking) and recumbent (lying on the back) positions in low-risk labour. We found that walking and upright positions in the first stage of labour are more likely to shorten the length of labour, the risk of caesarean section, the need for epidural, and reduce the number of women who have an epidural. Babies of mothers who were upright were less likely to be admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit, but this was based on one trial. There was no difference between groups for other outcomes such as duration of the second stage of the labour, or other well being outcomes for mothers and babies. There is no evidence that upright or mobile positions have any negative effects on mothers' and babies' well being. The quality of the evidence was variable. More research is still needed to confirm the true benefits and risks of upright and forward-facing positions in labour.
We found three randomized controlled trials, but only two had a follow-up of six months or more. The first trial involved 55 people with the 'disputed type' of TOS. It compared transaxillary first rib resection (TFRR) with supraclavicular nerve graft (SNBP) of the brachial plexus. TFRR decreased pain more than SNBP. There were no adverse effects in either group. The second trial that met our requirements analyzed 37 people with TOS of any type, comparing treatment with a botulinum toxin (BTX) injection in the scalene muscles with a saline placebo injection. This trial had a low risk of bias. There was no significant effect of treatment with the BTX injection in terms of pain relief or disability, but it did improve pain at six months' follow up. No adverse effects were reported. There is moderate evidence to suggest that there is no great benefit of BTX injections. The quality of the evidence was very low because of the lack of well-defined diagnostic criteria for TOS, and because there were only two small trials.
Twenty-one trials involving 884 people were included. A hand brace significantly improved symptoms after four weeks (weighted mean difference -1.07; 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.29 to -0.85). However, ultrasound treatment for two weeks was not significantly beneficial. However, one trial showed significant symptom improvement at seven weeks of ultrasound which was maintained at six months. Four trials (193 people) looked at various oral medications (steroids, diuretics, and nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs). One trial (51 people) showed that yoga significantly reduced pain after eight weeks of treatment. One trial also showed improvement in function. Two trials (105 people) compared ergonomic keyboards versus control. In one trial (21 people) carpal bone mobilisation improved symptoms over three weeks. In another trial (50 people) diabetes, steroid and insulin injections improved pain over eight weeks compared with no treatment. In two trials involving 50 people, vitamin B6 did not improve symptoms. None of the other non-surgical treatments were shown to produce significant benefit. Trials of magnet therapy, laser acupuncture, exercise or chiropractic care did not demonstrate symptom benefit. More trials are needed.
We included two randomised controlled trials with a total of 708 participants. One study compared triamcinolone acetonide (a steroid drug) intravitreal injections with observation, and the other study compared dexamethasone (an antifungal drug) with sham injections. The two studies enrolled people with CRVO-ME. The evidence is current to August 2018. The results of the two studies were inconclusive. The SCORE study showed that participants treated with 1 mg (n = 82) or 4 mg of IVS were five times more likely to have gained 15 letters or more in visual acuity compared with participants in the observation group (1 mg; 5.27; 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.62 to 17.15) by the eighth-month follow-up examination). However, eyes treated with IVS lost fewer letters at 8 months (1.70 letters, 95% CI 1.86 to 15.54; 4 mg MD: 9.80 letters). The GENEVA study reported that 63% in the treatment arm versus 43% in observation group experienced an adverse event. The most commonly encountered adverse events were elevated intraocular pressure, progression of cataracts, and retinal neovascularization. We graded the quality of evidence as low due to study limitations, imprecision of treatment estimates, and selective outcome reporting.
This review identified six randomised trials involving 394 patients. Five of the six trials demonstrated that intranasal corticosteroids may significantly reduce nasal obstruction and adenoid size. In the first eight-week cross-over study, the first trial showed that treatment with beclomet hasone (336 mcg/day) yielded a greater reduction in mean symptom scores and a larger reduction in adenoids/choana ratio (right, -14% versus +0.4%, P < 0.002; left, -15% vs -2.0%). The second four-week study showed that the mean Nasal Obstruction Index decreased by at least 50%. In this trial, 38% of the patients treated with bromocriptine (400 mcg a day) had at least a 50% improvement in their nasal symptoms, whereas none of the other patients had such improvement. The third trial demonstrated that 77.7% of patients with moderate to severe adenoidal hypertrophy treated with mometasone (100 mcg per day) for 40 days showed an improvement in nose obstruction and a decrease in the size of the nose, such as a decrease of 15% or more in the nose. The fourth parallel-group trial showed a reduction in nasal size in flunisolide (500 mcg) compared with isotonic saline solution. The fifth parallel-grip trial demonstrated a significant reduction of nasal obstruction symptoms and of the size (18.5% versus -8.5%) in fluticasone-treated patients. Adenoidectomy could be avoided in 76% of these patients compared with 20% of those treated with normal saline. In contrast, one trial did not find a significant improvement in nasal obstruction nor in the number of children with nasal obstruction after eight weeks of treatment with placebo. The long-term efficacy of intranaic steroids in these patients remains to be defined. Current evidence suggests that int
We found one small randomised trial (involving 24 women). The study was a single-centre randomised study conducted in Mexico. This study compared a control group who received antihypertensive drugs (drugs that lower blood pressure), anticonvulsant drugs, plasma expanders, corticosteroids, and dypyridamole, with an intervention group that was given epidural block instead of these drugs. The study did not report on the outcomes of this review. For the mother, these were: death (death during pregnancy or up to 42 days after the end of the pregnancy), or death more than 42 days of pregnancy; development of seizures; stroke; or any serious illness (defined as at least one of stroke, kidney failure, and liver failure). For the baby, these outcomes were: stillbirth (death in the first week of life), perinatal deaths (child deaths), death before discharge from the hospital, neonatal deaths, deaths after 28 days; preterm birth (birth before 37 completed weeks' gestation); and the baby's Apgar (a baby's heart rate) score. The included study only reported on the Apgar score of the baby at birth, which was not different between the two groups. The epidural was given using 0.25% bupivacaine, 10 mg bolus and 5 mg of 5 mg each hour on intravenous infusion for six hours. The evidence is up-to-date as of April 2015. The review authors did not find any evidence from randomised controlled trials to show that the effect of epidural therapy translates into improved outcomes for the mother or her baby. The rationale for the use of epidurals is well-founded. However, there is insufficient evidence from trials to support the use epidurally for the treatment of severe pre-eclampsia in non-labouring women. Thus, there are a need for larger, well-designed
We included 16 randomised clinical trials in this review. Fifteen trials provided data for analysis (927 people received glucocorticosteroids, and 934 people received a placebo or no intervention). The trials were between 25 and 70 years old. The participants had different stages of liver disease, and 65% were men. The duration of treatment ranged from 3 days to 12 weeks. Follow-up, when reported, was up to the moment of discharge from the hospital, until they died, or for at least one year. The evidence is up to date as of September 2016. The certainty of the evidence was very low for all-cause mortality and health-related quality of life up to three months following randomisation. There was no evidence of effect on the occurrence of serious adverse events during treatment, liver-related mortality, number of participants with any complications, and non-serious adverse events up to at least three months' follow-up after end of treatment. Based on the information that we collected from the published trial reports, only one of the trials seems not to be industry-funded, and the remaining 15 trials did not report clearly whether they were partly or completely funded by the industry. As the CIs were wide, we cannot rule out significant benefits or harms of the use of these drugs. Therefore, we need placebo-controlled randomised trials, designed according to the SPIRIT guidelines and reported according to CONSORT guidelines. Future trials ought to report depersonalised individual participant data, so that proper individual person data meta-analyses of the effects of glucocorts in subgroups can be conducted. All trials but one were at overall high risk of bias.
We included four studies with 245 participants in the review. The studies were conducted with people who were relatively young and the timing after stroke was varied. Study sample sizes were generally small, and the types of interventions, controls and outcome measures varied, and thus it was inappropriate to pool studies. Included studies were at a low risk of bias for most of the domains, but there was a high/unclear risk-bias in one or more of the studies. There was no clear evidence of improved on-road driving skills immediately after training in any of the four studies, or at six months. The results of one study showed that there was some evidence that a driving simulator may be beneficial. However, the results of this single study are based on a single study. There were no adverse effects of the intervention. We were not able to draw conclusions on the effects on vision, other aspects of cognition, motor and functional activities, and driving behaviour. At present, it is not clear which impairments that can influence driving ability after stroke are the most likely to be improved by rehabilitation. We found limited evidence that the use of a simulator may improve visuocognitive abilities, such as road sign recognition, that are related to driving. We could not find any studies that evaluated on- road driving lessons.
We included eight studies with 582 participants in this review. Five studies were conducted in hospitals with 519 participants (range 28 to 296). Mean ages of study participants were 65 to 73 years, the proportion of men varied (58% to 84%) and COPD was classified as severe or very severe. Corticosteroid treatment was given for three to seven days for short-duration treatment, and for 10 to 15 days for longer-duration (10 to 14 days) treatment. We did not find a difference in the risk of relapse (a new event) or the likelihood of a new flare up of COPD between people who received short- or longer- duration corticosteroids (three to 10 days) and those who received longer courses of treatment (10 days or more). Time to the next COPD exacerbation did not differ in one large study that was designed to detect non-inferiority and compared five days versus 14 days of long-duration steroid treatment. Length of hospital stay and lung function at the end of treatment did not change between people receiving short- and long-term treatment. Information from a new large study has increased our confidence in our confidence that five days of oral steroid treatment is likely to be sufficient for treatment of adults with acute exacerbations of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). We graded most available evidence as moderate in quality because of imprecision; further research may have an important impact on confidence in the estimates of effect or may change the estimates.
We included one randomised controlled trial (13 participants) in this review. The evidence is current to August 2015. The one included study randomised participants to a restrictive [haemoglobin (Hb) transfusion trigger < 72 g/L, 8 participants] or a liberal [Hb trigger < 96 g/l, 5 participants] transfusion policy. There was insufficient evidence to determine a difference in all-cause mortality (1 RCT; 13 participants; RR 0.13, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.01 to 2.32; very low quality evidence). The study did not report on: mortality due to bleeding/infection/transfusion reactions or iron overload, quality of life, frequency and length of hospital admissions, serious infections (requiring admission to hospital), or serious bleeding. There were no anaemia-related complications reported (cardiac failure) and no reported effect on activity levels (no statistics provided). The one RCT included in the review was only published as an abstract and contained only 13 participants. The quality of the evidence was very low across different outcomes according to GRADE methodology. This review indicates that there is currently a lack of evidence for the recommendation of a particular transfusion strategy for bone marrow failure patients undergoing supportive treatment only. Further randomised trials with robust methodology are required to develop the optimal transfusion strategies for such patients, particularly as the incidence of the main group of people with MDS rises with an ageing population.
We found two studies that evaluated the effectiveness of games as a teaching strategy for health professionals. The first study evaluated a video game called "Family Feud" and found that it improved the knowledge of health professionals, but did not measure patient or process of care outcomes. The second study compared a game of snakes and ladders, which was based on the TV game show "Snakes and Ladders", with a traditional case-based game of stroke prevention and management. This study did not assess patient and process-care outcomes. Both studies did not show that the games improved knowledge. The level of reported enjoyment of the game was higher in the group that played the game. The findings of this systematic review do not confirm nor refute the use of games to improve knowledge and performance in health professionals for health care. There is a need for more research to explore the impact of games on patient and performance outcomes. This plain language summary has been written by a consumer Ben Gray, Service User and Service User Expert, Rethink Mental Illness. Email: [email protected]
The review of trials found that lithium or antidepressants may prevent relapses in people with bipolar or unipolar affective disorder. However, there was not enough evidence to be sure of this. There was some evidence that lithium was better than antidepressants in preventing relapse, but the evidence was not strong enough to be certain. There were no differences between lithium and antidepressants in terms of side-effects. There is a need for large, long-term randomised trials in people who have not been selected for treatment.
The review of trials found that the amifostine has no significant effects on salivary glands. Moreover, no effects on quality of life were evaluated. There were no data on death from any cause, morbidity or health-related quality-of-life. The review authors concluded that there is a need for more randomised controlled trials investigating patient-oriented outcomes to guide treatment choice.
We included three studies involving 45 children aged between 29 months and six years with Down syndrome. Two studies compared parent-mediated interventions versus TAU; the third compared a parent-mediation plus clinician-medication versus a clinician's intervention. Treatment duration varied from 12 weeks to six months. The findings from the three studies were inconsistent. One study gave nine group sessions and four home-based sessions over a 13-week period. Another study gave weekly, individual clinic-based or home- based sessions lasting 1.5 to 2 hours, over a six-month period. The third study gave one 2- to 3-hour group session followed by bi-weekly, clinic- based or home based sessions for 12 weeks. Because of the different design of the studies, we were not able to combine their results. Two of these studies found no differences between the groups in language development. However, one study did find that children in the intervention group could use more target words for their children, but this was not maintained 12 months later. In the third study, the children's total-language scores improved immediately after the intervention. No study found any difference in parent stress scores between the two groups up to 12 months after intervention. All three studies found differences in how the parents talked to and interact with their children postintervention. In one study, most strategies were maintained at 12 months. No children dropped out of the intervention groups, and no study found evidence of language attrition in either group, while in one study there were positive outcomes on children's socialisation skills. One of the three included studies found that mothers in the group attended seven out of nine group group sessions, and were present for four home visits. No studies measured the parents' use of the strategies outside of the interventions. We found only three small studies. The studies were of very low quality. This means that we have very little confidence in the results. The sample sizes of each study were very small,
We included two randomised clinical trials from 1987 and 2004 with a total of 148 participants. Both trials had a high risk of bias. There was insufficient evidence at 3 to 6 months of follow-up to judge the effect on mortality and on serious adverse events. We did find that, compared with no exercise, people who had heart valve surgery may be more likely to exercise. We could not assess the impact on health-related quality of life. The trials did not report on the outcomes of New York Heart and Lung Association class, left ventricular ejection fraction and cost. We found moderate-quality evidence that exercise-based rehabilitation may improve exercise capacity. Due to a lack of evidence, we were unable to evaluate the impact of exercise on other outcomes. We rated the quality of the evidence as very low for all outcomes. Further high-quality randomised trials are needed in order to assess the effects on patient-relevant outcomes.
We found five studies that compared meditation with usual care, palliative care or both. Two studies evaluated meditation, and the others evaluated multi-disciplinary palliatives care. All five studies were undertaken in the same country, and all involved a chaplain or a spiritual counsellor. In the studies, meditation did not improve quality of life or well-being. However, in the studies that used massage, there was some evidence of a benefit in the short term. In all five studies, it is unclear if all participants were supported by the chaplain and/or the spiritual counselor. The quality of the studies was limited by under-reporting of the design features. We found inconclusive evidence that interventions with spiritual or religious aspects for adults in the terminal phase of a disease may or may not enhance well-health. Such interventions are under-evaluated. There is a need for more research in this area.
We included six studies with a total of 137 participants. Two studies with 45 participants examined the effects of tDCS compared to control (sham tDCS) on our primary outcome, impairment. One study with 25 participants measured the reduction in off and on time (time that symptoms are not controlled by the medication) and the time that the symptoms are controlled but the person's muscles are still involuntary. The other study with 16 participants examined tDCS plus a combination of movement therapy and gait training. We found no evidence of an effect on gait speed. In two of six studies, dropouts, adverse events, or deaths were reported during the intervention phase. There was no difference in dropouts and side effects between the tDCS and control groups. There is no evidence that tDCS reduces off time, on time with dyskinesia, and quality of life in patients with IPD. We did not find any evidence that there is a difference in the number of dropouts or side effects. The quality of the evidence for all outcomes was very low. This means that we have very little confidence in the results.
We included 12 studies in this review, all of which we judged to be of low or unclear quality. Two small studies compared LASB to placebo/sham (n = 32). They did not demonstrate significant short-term benefit for LASBs for pain intensity (moderate quality evidence). One small study at high risk of bias compared thoracic sympathetic block with corticosteroid and local anaesthetic versus injection of the same agents into the subcutaneous space, reporting statistically significant and clinically important differences in pain intensity at one-year follow-up but not at short term follow up (very low quality evidence) of two studies that investigated LASBS as an addition to rehabilitation treatment, the only study that reported pain outcomes demonstrated no additional benefit from LASBP. Eight small randomised studies compared sympathetic blockade to various other active treatments. Most studies found no difference in pain outcomes between sympathetic block versus other active treatment (low to very low quality of evidence). In addition, one small study compared ultrasound-guided local anaesthetics with non-guided LASBA and found no clinically important difference. Six studies reported adverse events, all with minor effects reported. This update's results are similar to the previous versions of this systematic review, and the main conclusions are unchanged. There remains a scarcity of published evidence and a lack of high quality evidence to support or refute the use of local anaesthesia sympathetic blockade for CRPS. From the existing evidence, it is not possible to draw firm conclusions regarding the efficacy or safety of this intervention, but the limited data available do not suggest that LASAB is effective for reducing pain in CRPS patients. Overall, the quality of the evidence was low or very low, downgraded due to limitations, inconsistency, imprecision, indirectness, or a combination of these.
We searched scientific databases for clinical trials that compared antivirals and corticosteroids in people with Bell's palsy. We found 14 trials, including 2488 participants. Most were small, and most were at high or unclear risk of bias in multiple domains. We included four new studies at this update. The evidence is current to September 2016. A combination of antiviral drugs and steroids may have little or no effect on rates of incomplete recovery compared to steroids alone (low-certainty evidence). We found that the combination of the two drugs may be more effective than steroids alone, but the evidence is too uncertain for us to be able to draw any conclusions. For people with severe Bell’s palsy (House-Brackmann score of 5 and 6, or equivalent on other scales), we found no clear effect on incomplete recovery at month six compared to steroid-treated participants. We also found that there was no clear difference in adverse events between treatment and control groups (very low-quality evidence). For the comparison of the antiviral drug plus steroids and steroids alone in studies at lower-risk of bias, the evidence was of moderate-quality. Antivirals plus steroids probably reduced the late sequelae of Bell's prematurity compared with steroids alone. Studies also showed fewer episodes of long-term sequelae in participants who were treated with antiviral-treated steroids compared to those who were not. Adverse events Adverse event data were available in four studies providing data on 1592 participants. None of the four comparisons showed clear differences in side effects between the treatment and comparison arms (moderate- or very low- quality evidence).
We included two studies, including 97 women, in this review. One study compared the use of a LHRH agonist (leuprorelin) with a chemotherapeutic drug (treosulfan). The other study compared decapeptyl with a placebo. There may be little or no difference in overall survival (OS), progression-free survival (PFS) and quality of life (QoL) at six and 12 months, respectively. There was no difference between the two treatments in terms of adverse events. The duration of follow-up was 2.5 years. Quality of life was not reported. The quality of the evidence for all outcomes was very low. The evidence was up to date as of March 2014. There is not enough evidence from randomised controlled trials to comment on the safety and effectiveness of these drugs in the treatment of platinum-refractory and platinum-resistant (relapsed) EOC.
We found 17 randomised controlled studies that included term and near-term infants with low blood oxygen levels. Ten trials compared iNO versus control (placebo or standard care) in infants who had moderate or severe severity of illness scores. Ninos 1997 studied only infants with a hernia. One trial compared high-frequency ventilation. Inhaled nitric oxide appears to have improved outcomes in hypoxaemic term and term-born infants by reducing the incidence of death or use of ECMO. This was due to a reduction in the number of infants who needed to be treated with ECMO (5.3 fewer infants). The OI (oxygenation index) was decreased by 15.1 (weighted) within 30 to 60 minutes after the start of treatment, and partial pressure of oxygen (PaO2) (a measure of lung function) was increased by 53 mmHg. Whether infants had clear evidence of persistent high blood pressure of the newborn did not seem to affect response to iNO. Infants with diaphragmatic haemorrhage did not improve with iNO treatment. Fewer of the babies who were given iNO early satisfied the criteria for treatment, showing that iNO reduced progression of the disease but did not decrease the need for ECMO nor the risk of death. In this review, we found that in babies with a baby's hernia, iNO did not reduce death or the use of oxygen-converting enzyme (ECMO). Infants who were treated at less severe levels of oxygen did not have better clinical outcomes, but iNO was better than if their condition deteriorated. In summary, in infants with hypoxic breathing problems who do not have a hernya (diaphragm), iNO is an effective treatment for reducing death and the need of oxygen.
This review aimed to evaluate the effectiveness of lumbar supports for treating low-back pain. The evidence is current to May 2013. We found 15 studies that met the inclusion criteria. Seven preventive studies (14,437 people) and eight treatment studies (1361 people) were included in this updated review. Overall, the methodological quality of the studies was rather low. There was moderate evidence that lumbaregular supports are not more effective than no intervention or training in preventing low- back pain, and conflicting evidence whether they are effective supplements to other preventive interventions. It is still unclear if lumbarb supports are more effective in treating low back pain than no or other preventive intervention. There is moderate evidence to suggest that lumbsar supports are no more effective compared to no intervention and training, and there is conflicting evidence on whether they add extra preventive interventions to the preventive interventions already used. It remains unclear whether lumbarategular support is better than no treatment or other interventions for the treatment of low-bore pain. We need more high quality randomised controlled trials to answer this question. One of the most essential issues to tackle in these future trials seems to be the realization of an adequate compliance. Special attention should be paid to different outcome measures, types of patients and types of support.
We included 57 studies with 16,784 catheters and 11 types of impregnations. The total number of participants enrolled was unclear, as some studies did not provide this information. Most studies enrolled people from the age of 18, including patients in intensive care units (ICU), oncology and cancer units, and patients who needed long-term parenteral feeds. There were low or unclear risks of bias in most studies, except for blinding, which was impossible in most of the studies. We found that catheter impregnation reduced the risk of catheter infection by 2% in studies conducted in ICUs, but not in other settings. There was no significant difference in the rates of sepsis, death from any cause, or catheter-related local infections. We also found that the magnitude of benefits for impregnated CVCs varied between studies that enrolled different groups of people. For the outcome of infection, we found that there was no difference in risk between the groups. However, there were no differences between the impregnation and control groups in terms of adverse effects, such as blood clots, bleeding, and tenderness at insertion site. We concluded that the evidence from this review confirms the effectiveness of antimicrobial CVC in reducing rates of CRBSI and catheter colonization. The magnitude of the benefits regarding catheter colonization varied depending on the setting. This review also shows that there is a lack of evidence to support the routine use of antimicrobials in all settings. Our findings call for caution in routinely recommending the use of CVC-impregnated corsets. Further randomized controlled trials are needed to assess important clinical outcomes, including the rate of death from all causes, and the risk that the CVC can cause.
This review included 15 studies, of which 14 were randomised controlled trials. The interventions took place in recognised slums or poor urban areas. The participants included 9261 infants and children and 3664 pregnant women. There were no dietary intervention studies. All the studies identified were nutrient supplementation (three studies), micronutrient (nutrient) or macronutrients (food) supplements (eight studies), education (two studies), and nutrition systems strengthening interventions (2 studies). Six interventions were adapted to the urban context (nine studies) and seven targeted house, community, or'service delivery' (seven studies). The evidence was up to date as of March 2016. The evidence is current to April 2016. We found no evidence of an effect of nutrition-specific interventions on LBW or length in pregnant women or children. There was low- to moderate-certainty evidence that nutrition education for pregnant women had a positive impact on length at 18 months of age, and a positive effect on the effect of education interventions in children. The certainty of evidence was very low to moderate overall. The studies had overall high risk of bias for 11 studies and only four RCTs had moderate-risk of bias. Overall, the evidence was complex to report, with a wide range of outcome measures reported. Consequently, only eight study findings were reported in meta-analyses and seven in a narrative form. None of the studies reported differential impacts of interventions relevant to equity issues. The main review outcomes were available from seven studies for LFA/HFA, four for LBW, and nine for length. The quality of the evidence for all outcomes was low or very low. The included in this review was mainly due to the small number of studies and small sample sizes.
This review of trials found that foam dressings are no more effective than other wound dressing treatments for venous leg ulcers. There was no difference in healing outcomes in the three trials comparing foam with polyurethane foam. There were no differences in the number of ulcers that healed in the five trials comparing paraffin gauze (two trials), hydrocapillary (one trial), knitted viscose (1 trial), or protease modulating matrix (2 trials). The evidence is of low quality. The current evidence does not support the use of foam wound dressings in the management of venous-leg ulcers, and further research is needed.
We found two studies that compared celecoxib and etoricoxib to placebo. One study (n = 159) compared the two COX-2 inhibitors rofecoxib (a drug withdrawn from the market) to placebo in a group of IBD patients with rheumatological symptoms. The other study (N = 222) compared a single dose of celecoxi (200 mg twice daily) to a placebo (a pretend drug). Both studies were judged to be of high quality. There was no difference in the number of patients with IBD who experienced an IBD flare-up after 12 weeks of treatment. The two studies did not report on side effects. The results for disease flare-ups and side effects were uncertain. Eleven percent of patients in both groups experienced GI AEs. GI AE included increased stools, rectal bleeding, and inflamed mucosa. No patients in either group died. No side effects related to the treatment were reported. No serious side effects occurred. There were no reports of adverse events related to blood clots. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low. The studies were small and had short follow-up durations. We need to continue to weigh the risks and benefits of these drugs in IBD in the short term in order to avoid disease flare up and other adverse effects. Further RCTs are needed.
We found 22 trials that included a total of over 2310 participants. The included studies mostly had small numbers of participants (from 4 to 317) and short follow-up periods of 4 to 24 weeks. Six studies included only people with ulcers that were clinically infected; one study included people with both infected and uninfected ulcers; two studies included people who had not been infected; and the other 13 studies did not report on infection status. The studies used various topical antimicrobial treatments (e.g. silver, iodides, zinc hyaluronate, zinc sulphadiazine, tretinoin, and chloramine). We performed the following five comparisons based on the included studies: 1. Antimicrobial dressings (i.e. antimicrobial agents) compared with non-antimicrobial dressing (non dressings): Pooled data from five trials (945 people) suggest that more wounds may heal when treated with an antimicrobial dressing than with a dressings that do not contain antimicrobials. These results correspond to 119 more healing events per 1000 people. 2. Topical antimicrobial treatment (systematic) versus non-systematic treatments (non-systemic): We included four trials with 937 people in this comparison. These four trials reported no wound-healing data. We are uncertain as to whether the use of an antibiotic dressing is better than a non-steroid dressing, and we are uncertain about the relative effects for wound healing, resolution of infection, surgical resection, and adverse events. The evidence on side effects or side effects was uncertain. We considered the certainty of the evidence to be low or very low, mainly due to risk of bias and imprecision. The certainty of evidence was downgraded twice due to bias, and once for inconsistency. We found no studies that compared different types of topical antibiotics. There were four trials (with 132 people) that reported on wound healing. We judged the certainty
We included six studies in this review that involved 5193 participants. We did not identify any new studies for inclusion in this update. We found that zinc supplementation in children reduces the number of children with pneumonia by 13% and the occurrence rate of pneumonia 41%. We found no evidence that zinc reduces the occurrence of pneumonia in children with lower chest indrawing. On the other hand, we found that children who took zinc supplements had a 21% reduction in the incidence of pneumonia defined by clinical criteria (i.e. by chest examination or chest radiograph). However, we did not find that zinc had an effect on the definition of the pneumonia case. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low, meaning that the true effect may be substantially different from what we found.
This review of 10 studies including 33,179 participants found that, despite its benefits in preventing diarrhoeal illnesses, vitamin A supplementation has only a limited effect in preventing acute LRTIs. This unexpected result is outside our current understanding of the use of vitamin A for prevention of acute diarrhoea. Vitamin A should not be given to all children in order to prevent acute LUTIs. Low-dose vitamin A appears to have fewer side effects and at least equal benefit to a high dose. Positive effects appear limited to populations with acute and chronic under nutrition.
This review found that theophylline has a modest effect on lung function, and slightly improves blood gas tensions. These benefits were seen in people with COPD who received a wide range of different bronchodilators (oral and inhaled) and a variety of different types of exercise tests. However, people taking the drug were more likely to have nausea than those taking placebo. There was a low dropout rate in the studies that could be included in this review, which suggests that people recruited to the studies may have been known by the investigators to be theophyLLine tolerant.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that involved 439 children aged 1 year to 18 years. Each study used a different method of oral immunotherapy. Three studies used placebo (a pretend treatment), and seven used a diet with an egg avoidance (e.g. avoiding eating eggs) as the control. All studies enrolled small numbers of children, and used different methods to provide treatment. The evidence is current to April 2015. The trials showed that children who received oral immunotherapies were able to eat more of their chosen food (1 g to 7.5 g) more often than children who did not receive treatment, and were more likely to recover from their egg allergy. However, the number of children with mild-to-severe adverse events (side effects requiring epinephrine/adrenaline) was similar in both groups, and some children stopped taking their treatment because of these adverse events. The quality of the evidence was judged to be low due to the small number of participants and events in the trials, and because some of the trials had problems with their methods. It appears that oral immuntherapy for egg allergy is effective, but confidence in the trade-off between benefits and harms is low, because there was a small number and few participants in the studies, and there were problems with the way the trials were conducted.
We included four trials involving a total of 579 participants. The evidence is current to August 2015. The review found that there is no evidence that an ILR-based diagnostic strategy reduces long-term mortality as compared to a standard diagnostic assessment (very low quality evidence). No data were available for short-term all-cause mortality. Data from two trials seemed to show no difference in quality of life, although this finding was not supported by a formal analysis due to differences in both the scores used and the way the data were reported. Cost analyses from two studies showed higher overall mean costs in the ILR group, if the costs incurred by the implant were counted. Participants who underwent ILR implantation experienced higher rates of diagnosis (moderate quality evidence) compared to participants in the standard assessment group, with no evidence of heterogeneity. No data on short term deaths were available. Two studies reported data on adverse events after the implant. Due to the lack of data on side effects in one of the studies' arms, a formal meta-analysis was not performed for this outcome. Further trials evaluating the effect of ILRs in the diagnostic strategy of people with recurrent unexplained syncope are warranted.
We found four small studies that enrolled a total of 275 patients with 282 hydroceles. These studies compared surgery and sclerotherapy with either aspiration or no treatment. All studies were assessed as being at low risk of bias. There were no differences between the two groups in the cure rate in the short-term. However, there was an increase in the recurrence of the disease in those who received the surgery. There was an increased number of infections in the group of patients who received surgery. Only one study reported patient satisfaction at three and six months; there was no difference between the groups. Radiological cure was not reported in any of the studies. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. There is a great need for further rigorous RCTs that assess the use of different type of sclerosant agents, sclerosing solution concentration, and injection volume for the treatment of hydrocoeles. It should be important that the RCTS have enough participants to be of high quality and that they have a long follow-up period. The protocols for all studies should be registered in the clinical trial registries. The reports of these studies should conform with current international guidelines of trial reporting.
We found one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared nebulised recombinant human deoxyribonuclease (rhDNase) with placebo (a pretend drug) in 40 children with tracheomalacia and a lung infection. We assessed it to be of good quality. We found that there was no difference between the two groups in terms of proportion cough-free at two weeks. However, the mean change in night time cough diary scores at night time was better in the placebo group. The average change in daytime cough diary score at the start of the trial was also better for those on a placebo than those on nebulized rhDNase. Other outcomes (dyspnoea (shortness of breath), difficulty in breathing, sputum test scores, and lung function tests) favoured the placebo treatment. The quality of the evidence was low. There is no evidence to support any of the treatments currently used to treat tracheal malacia. For those with less severe disease, RCTs are clearly needed. Outcomes of these trials should include measurements of the trachea and other physiological outcomes, as well as clinical outcomes.
We included 21 studies with 2658 participants. All studies assessed the effectiveness of some form of psychological therapy. We found no studies that included physical therapy. Fourteen of the 21 studies compared psychological therapies with usual care or a waiting list. The other 14 studies compared forms of cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT), behaviour therapies, third-wave CBT (mindfulness), psychodynamic therapies, and integrative therapy. Fifteen of these studies compared the studied psychological therapy with either usual care (usual care or waiting list) or enhanced or structured care. Five studies compared CBT with enhanced care. Only one study compared the CBT form with behaviour therapy. Participants in the included studies were recruited from a variety of healthcare settings and the open population. The average number of sessions in the studies ranged from one to 13. The duration of treatment varied between two weeks and 24 months. Most of the studies reported that participants had chronic symptoms at baseline. Most studies did not report the duration of follow-up. Eleven studies (52%) reported a loss to follow up of more than 20%. Most studies were at low risk of bias. Adverse events were seldom reported. For all studies, CBT reduced somatic symptoms, with a small effect in terms of symptom severity. However, the effect was small and there was no clear evidence that CBT was more effective than usual care. When all studies were combined they were better at reducing symptoms, but the difference was small. The CBT treatment was not more effective for most of the outcomes. The quality of the evidence was rated as low to moderate. This means that we cannot be certain about the results. An important issue was that all studies had to include people who were willing to take part. In daily practice, there is a substantial proportion of people who are not willing to accept psychological treatments. It is unclear how large this group is, and how this affects the use of CBT in clinical practice. More research is needed. The number of
We included 63 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in this updated review. In total, we included a total of 3027 participants in our analysis. We were only able to synthesize data from 39 RCTs on the prevention of PPP beyond three months after surgery. Evidence synthesis of seven studies showed that people who had epidural anaesthesia were less likely to develop PPP three to 18 months after thoracotomy, but we could not combine the data from these studies because they did not look at the same outcomes. We could not pool data from four studies on the risk of having PPP after caesarean section because the studies did not examine them systematically. There is low-quality evidence that regional anaesthesia may prevent PPP in people who have breast cancer surgery. We did not combine data from three studies that looked at other surgical interventions, such as block of the brain, or the use of local anaesthetics. We conclude that there is moderate evidence that there may be a reduction in PPP at three to six months after breast surgery and three to 12 months after a caesarian birth. We cannot conclude that paravertebral block or hernia repair or cardiac surgery or laparotomy reduce the risk. We are moderately confident in the findings, but our confidence in the results is limited by the small size and number of studies, and by the fact that many of the studies were small. Larger studies, including children, are needed. On a cautionary note, we cannot reach conclusions on other surgical treatments or regional anaets because we do not know if they are effective or not. There are seven ongoing studies that may change the findings of this review once they are published and incorporated.
This review of 28 randomised controlled trials found that second-generation antipsychotics (flupenthixol decanoate, haloperidol, thiothixene), first-generation first- generation antipsychotic (aripirazole, olanzapine, ziprasidone), mood stabilisers (carbamazepine, valproate semisodium, lamotrigine, topiramate), antidepressants (amitriptyline, fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, phenelzine sulfate, mianserin), and dietary supplementation (omega-3 fatty acid) may be helpful in the treatment of people with BPD. However, these results are based on single study effect estimates. There was a possible increase in self-harming behaviour, significant weight gain, sedation and changes in haemogram parameters (blood pressure and haemoglobin measurements) with olanZapine. A significant decrease in body weight was observed with topiramine treatment. All drugs were well tolerated in terms of attrition. The only trial testing single versus combined drug treatment (olanzapine versus olanazapine plus fluoxenine; fluoxedine versus fluoxeine plus olanuzapine; and fluoxethazine versus flupentine) yielded no significant differences in outcomes. Total BPD severity was not significantly influenced by any drug. No promising results are available for the core BPD symptoms of chronic feelings of emptiness, identity disturbance and abandonment. Conclusions have to be drawn carefully in the light of several limitations of the RCT evidence that constrain applicability to everyday clinical settings (among others, patients' characteristics and duration of interventions and observation periods). Antidepressants are not widely supported for BPD treatment, but may help in the presence of comorbid conditions.
We included seven trials involving a total of 349 participants, 217 of whom completed the studies. Of these, two trials were added for this update. Three trials were cross-over and four were randomised controlled trials (RCTs). The evidence is current to September 2015. Four trials compared washout (either saline or acidic solution) with no washout. We are uncertain if washout solutions (saline or acidic) have an important effect on the rate of symptomatic urinary tract infection or length of time each catheter was in situ because the results are imprecise. Two trials compared different types of washout solution; saline versus acidic solutions (2 trials); saline versus acid solution (1 trial); and saline versus antimicrobial solution (one trial). One trial compared different compositions of acidic solution (stronger versus weaker solution). We are also uncertain if different composition of acidic solutions or different washout volumes or timings of washouts has an important impact on the number of people who develop urinary tract infections or the time taken for the catheter to stay in place because only 14 participants completed this 12 week, three arm trial. Four studies reported on possible harmful effects of wash out use, such as blood in the wash out solution, changes in blood pressure and bladder spasms. The evidence was not adequate to conclude if washouts were beneficial or harmful. There were very few small trials that met the review inclusion criteria. The high risk of bias of the included studies resulted in the evidence being graded as low or very low quality. Further rigorous, high quality trials that are adequately powered to detect benefits from washout being performed as opposed to no washouts are needed. Trials comparing different washouts, washout volume, and frequencies or times of use are also needed. Only one trial was free of significant methodological limitations, but there were difficulties with recruitment and maintaining participants in this study. The included studies reported data on six of the nine primary and secondary outcome measures. None of the trials
We included 30 studies (18,682 participants in total). Eighteen studies contributed to the main objective of the review and 22 studies to the secondary objectives. The evidence is up-to-date as of February 2018. Eighteen of the studies (describing 14,573 survivors) reported the prevalence of severe fatigue, which ranged from 0% to 61.7%. In a subgroup of three studies including children aged up to 18 years at fatigue assessment (268 survivors), the prevalence rates ranged from 6.7% to 12.5%. In comparison, in a sub group of 12 studies including participants aged 16 and over (13,952 survivors), prevalence rates were 4.4% to 60.7%, respectively. The prevalence of moderate fatigue in survivors of haematological cancer was presented in seven studies and ranged from 1.8% to 35.9%. In two studies (252 survivors) reporting moderate fatigue, the prevalence was 14.6% and 21.1% respectively. One study presented moderate fatigue for bone cancer survivors of 0.0% (17 survivors). Four studies provided moderate to severe fatigue in control groups of siblings or population-based controls, and in these four studies, survivors were more often fatigued than controls, but this difference was statistically significant in only two studies. Studies assessing risk and associated factors for fatigue were heterogeneous, and definitions of the factors under study were often inconsistent, with results therefore presented descriptively. They found that depression might be associated with fatigue. In contrast, age at diagnosis and education level did not seem to be linked to fatigue. We were unable to calculate any overall risk estimate for any of the reported risks and related factors, because we could not conduct a meta-analysis. We found statistical and clinical heterogeneity and great variation in the reporting of possible risk or associated factors. This review encountered several difficulties. All included studies scored at least one 'Risk of bias' item as unclear or high risk. We identified both clinical
We included 36 trials involving 6914 people. There was variation in the antibiotics used, patient characteristics and risk of RTIs in the control groups. In trials comparing a combination of topical and systemic antibiotics, there was a significant reduction in both RTIs and death rates in the treated group. There were no differences in the risk of death from any cause between the groups. The risk of resistance occurring as a negative consequence of the antibiotic use was appropriately explored in one trial.
This review of five studies found insufficient evidence to support the use of physical restraints in elderly care homes. One study in the nursing home setting showed an increase of PR use in both groups, while the other three studies found reduced use of PR in the intervention groups after seven and 12 months of follow-up respectively. The single study in a group dwelling unit found no change in PR use. Overall, the quality of the studies was low.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared glucocorticoid supplementation with placebo (a pretend treatment) during IVF stimulation. The trials included 416 women. Two of the studies had data in a form that we could not use for analysis, so results from only two trials (310 women) were available. For the outcome of live birth, data were only available for 212 women. One of the other two studies was at low risk of bias, but the other was at high risk. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2014. The studies were small and of low or very low quality for all outcomes, mainly due to imprecision, with low sample sizes and few events. There was insufficient evidence to determine whether there was any difference between the groups in live birth rate (2 RCTs, 212 women). Our findings suggest that if the chance of a live birth with placebo is assumed to be 15%, the chance following supplementation would be between 7% and 31%. There was no conclusive evidence of a difference in the clinical pregnancy rate between the two groups (2 trials, 310 women). The evidence suggests that if there was a 24% chance of clinical pregnancy with placebo, there would be a 23% to 47% chance following treatment with glucococortics. There were also insufficient data on multiple-pregnancy rate or miscarriage rate (1 trial, 20 women). Neither of the included studies reported OHSS or side-effects. The safety and effectiveness of glucocorts in women undergoing controlled ovarian hyperstimulation for IVF/ICSI cycles (until the day of oocyte retrieval) is unclear due to the small number of studies and low event rates. More research is needed.
We included eight trials (291 participants, aged between five and 23 years) in this review. Seven trials compared standard-dose rhGH (approximately 0.3 mg/kg/week) to no treatment, and one three-arm trial (63 participants) compared a placebo (dummy treatment) with standard dose rhGH and high-dose rGH. Six trials lasted for one year and two trials for six months. We found that rhGH may improve some measures of lung function, but there was no consistent benefit between standard and high dose levels. The trials also showed evidence of improvement in height, weight and lean body mass with rhGH therapy, but again no clear difference between the dose levels of rhGH. There was some evidence that there was a change in blood glucose levels, but this did not cross the threshold for diagnosis of diabetes. There is low- to very low-quality evidence for improvement of pulmonary exacerbations with no further significant side-effects. One small trial provided inconsistent evidence on improvement in quality of life, but the evidence was of low quality. None of the trials have systematically looked at the cost of the treatment. The evidence is up-to-date as of September 2014.
We included 26 studies with 1,695 participants. The studies compared the effects of reducing exposure to the agent, reducing exposure, or changing to another job. In 18 studies, authors compared removal from exposure to continued exposure. In seven studies, the studies compared reduction of exposure to continuing exposure. We found that reducing exposure may improve asthma symptoms, and it may improve lung function, compared to continuing to use the agent. In ten studies, we found that removal from the exposure may lead to better symptoms, but not to reduced exposure. There may not be a difference in lung function when reducing exposure. However, there may be a decrease in income. We did not find any studies that compared reduction to no exposure. The quality of the evidence was low for all outcomes. More research is needed to find out if reducing exposure or reducing exposure can help people with occupational asthma.
This review included six trials with a total of 1758 participants. Participants were aged 48 to 57 years, except for one trial that had a mean age of 73 years. All participants were from the outpatient setting and had reflux disease. Five trials investigated on-demand use of PPI, and one trial examined abrupt discontinuation. The evidence is current to January 2014. There was low quality evidence that on- demand use of oral PPI may increase the risk of symptom control compared with continuous use of the drug. There is also low quality information that on demand PPI use may be associated with reduced participant satisfaction compared with continued use of a PPI pill. There were insufficient data to make a conclusion regarding long-term benefits and harms of PSI discontinuation, although two trials (one on-Demand trial and one abrupt discontinuuation trial) reported endoscopic findings in their intervention groups at study end. None of the included studies reported cost/resource use or positive drug withdrawal effects. In people with mild GERD, on-patient deprescribing may lead to an increase in GI symptoms (e.g. dyspepsia, regurgitation) and probably a reduction in pill burden. There may be a decline in participant satisfaction, although heterogeneity was high.
We included 13 randomised trials with a total of 995 participants. These evaluated social skills programmes versus standard care, or discussion group. We found evidence that social skills training may improve the social skills of people with schizophrenia and reduce relapse rates, but at present, the evidence is very limited with data rated as very low quality. We also found that rates of relapse and rehospitalisation were lower for social skills compared to standard care and participants’ mental state results were better in the group receiving social skill programmes. Global state was measured in one trial by numbers not experiencing a clinical improvement, results favoured social skills. Quality of life was also improved in the participants receiving social skills programme compared to the control group. However, we found no significant differences in social functioning, relapse rates or mental state or quality of life, again the quality of evidence for these outcomes was very low. When social skills was compared to discussion there was no difference on patients outcomes. Cultural differences might limit the applicability of the current results, as most reported studies were conducted in China. Whether social skills programs can improve social functioning in different settings remains unclear and should be investigated in a large multi-centre randomised controlled trial.
We found one randomised controlled trial (225 participants, 145 with tophi at baseline) randomised to one of three arms; pegloticase infusion once or twice a week, monthly (two weeks) or twice weekly (three times a week) and placebo (a fake drug). The evidence is current to September 2014. The trial showed that peglotics given biweekly or monthly reduced tophi in a small number of participants with gout, but increased withdrawals due to adverse events in all participants, and monthly infusion appeared to result in less benefit. Pegloticase administered biweekly resulted in more participants withdrawing from the trial due to side effects than placebo. Most withdrawals were due to infusion reactions. The study also showed that patients taking peglotase biweekly experienced more side effects compared with those taking placebo, but this was probably due to flare-ups of gout that were unrelated to the drug treatment per se. This study showed that there was a high risk of side effects in all treatment groups: 80% of the participants taking the drug peglosis biweekly reported side effects, compared with 41% of those taking the placebo. In the placebo group, 80% were treated with a fake drug, which may explain the high rate of adverse events. There was no difference between the two groups in terms of pain relief of 30% or greater, function, quality of life, serum urate normalisation, and serum urine normalisation. We did not include the results of this study in the review because the results were not reported separately for tophi. This review shows that there is moderate-quality evidence from one study that suggests that biweekly and monthly treatment with peglots is probably beneficial in the management of tophi, but with a high-risk of side-effects. However, there is a need for more RCT data considering other interventions, including surgery to remove tophi and surgical removal of the tophi from patients. The quality of the
This review identified five studies on oral immunoglobulin (IgG) for the prevention of NEC. Three studies met the inclusion criteria. Based on the available trials, the results of this review do not support the use of oral IgA alone for preventing NEC.
The review of trials found that chemotherapy after hysterectomy and radiotherapy reduces the risk of dying from the disease by a quarter. It also reduces the chance of developing a new tumour outside the pelvis. Chemotherapy could be an alternative to radiotherapy and may be an added value when used with radiotherapy.
We included 35 studies, from a wide range of countries on six continents. Nineteen studies were conducted in low- and middle-income settings, and sixteen in high-income countries. Some of the studies explored the views of people who had experienced the interventions, while others asked what people felt they would like from a digital health intervention. We found 35 studies that covered a range of targeted client communication programmes, for example reminders, prenatal health information, help to quit smoking while pregnant, or sexual health information. Our results show that clients' experiences of these types of programmes were mixed. Some felt that they felt more connected to the people who sent them messages, as they felt that someone was taking care of them. They described sharing the messages with friends and family. However, clients also pointed to problems they had when using these programmes. Some clients had poor access to cell networks and to the internet. Others had no phone, lost or broken their phone, or had changed their phone number. Some people had access to phones that were controlled by others. The cost of messages could be a problem, and many thought that messages should be free. Language issues, skills in reading, writing, and using their mobile phones could be problems. Clients who had health problems, such as HIV, were concerned about how the messages would be used, and some clients suggested ways to deal with these issues. They also wanted to receive messages at a time and frequency that was convenient for them, and they had preferences about how messages were delivered. They had preferences for different delivery channels (e.g. short message service (SMS), voice response, or interactive voice response). Clients' views about who sent messages could influence their views of the programme. We judged the quality of the evidence to be high for some outcomes, but low for others. This is because many of the trials did not try to address the problems we identified. This may have been a reporting issue. For an overview of the findings and
This review of 23 trials involving 2467 people found that methadone is as effective as any other pharmacological treatment in terms of overall effectiveness, although withdrawal symptoms and adverse events differed according to the medication used and the program adopted. The results indicate that slow tapering with temporary substitution of long-acting opioids, can reduce withdrawal severity. Nevertheless, the majority of patients relapsed to heroin use. Data from literature are hardly comparable; programs vary widely with regard to the assessment of outcome measures, impairing the application of meta-analysis.
This review of nine randomised controlled trials, involving 1109 participants, found that the level of sedation does not affect the intensity of withdrawal, although the length of anaesthesia may influence withdrawal. Antagonist-induced withdrawal is more intense but less prolonged, and doses of naltrexone sufficient for blockade of opioid effects can be established much more quickly with this approach than with clonidine and symptomatic medications. There is a greater risk of side effects with heavy sedation, compared to light, sedation. The high cost of these approaches, both in monetary terms and use of scarce intensive care resources, should not be pursued.
We included fourteen studies. The studies lasted from 10 days to three months. The evidence is current to May 2013. The review found that, compared to other typical antipsychotics, there is no evidence of a difference in effectiveness between the two drugs. However, there was some evidence that it caused more weight loss. The adverse effect profile of this drug was similar to that of typical antipotics (apart from the event of weight loss). Data from this review suggest, at present, that it may not have an atypical profile. The strength of the evidence relating to this compound is limited, owing to small sample size, poor study design, limited outcomes and incomplete reporting.
We included 20 studies with a total of 2125 participants covering 23 different treatments. Each study involved a different set of interventions. They can be grouped into those including hydroquinone cream, rucinol, vitamin C, and Gigawhite cream. Triple cream was more effective at lightening melasma when compared to a single cream (hydroquinone), tretinoin, and fluocinolone. Triple cream was also more effective than a single single cream. In two studies, tretinosin cream was better than a dummy cream. Azelaic acid (20%) was more successful than 2% hydroquinone cream but not 4% hydrocinone. In one study, Thiospot cream was superior to dummy cream in terms of efficacy. The adverse events most commonly reported were mild and transient (e.g. rash, itching, burning). The quality of studies evaluating melasma treatments was generally poor. The evidence is up-to-date as of September 2014. High-quality randomised controlled trials on well-defined participants with long-term outcomes to determine the duration of response are needed.
Twelve trials, which randomised 1319 participants, were included in the review. All studies were a minimum of one year long. A significant reduction in surgical failure was detected in the first year after trabeculectomy in eyes at high risk of failure (e.g. those undergoing surgery for the first time) and in eyes undergoing surgery on the first visit to the doctor (primary) for the treatment of glaucoma. Intraocular pressure was also significantly lower in the high-risk group and in the combined surgery group. No significant change occurred in the low-dose postoperative 5-FU group in patients undergoing combined surgery. No evidence was found in patients receiving low- dose postoperatively. The quality of the trials varied between subgroups of patients, most notably, the evidence for combined surgery, low- and high-dose 6-FU injections, was found to be of very low quality. The combined surgery subgroup because no surgical failures have been reported and the sample size is small (n = 118), and the low dose postoperative 4-FU injection group because of the small number of participants and the risk of bias of the only contributing study (76 participants). Not all studies reported population characteristics, of those that did mean age ranged from 61 to 75 years. 83% of participants were white and 40% were male. None of the studies reported on the participants' perspective of care, which constitutes a serious omission for an invasive treatment such as this. The results of this review should be weighed against the increased risk of complications and patient preference. The small but statistically significant reduction of surgical failures and intraocular pressure at one year in the primary and combined surgery groups should be balanced against increased risks of complications such as vision loss, vision loss and loss of vision. Postoperative injections of 5FU are now rarely used as part of routine packages of postoperative care but are increasingly used on an ad hoc basis. This presumably reflects an aspect of
The review of trials found that inhaled corticosteroids may reduce the rate of flare-ups, but the effect on lung function remains unclear. Long-term use of ICS (more than six months) did not consistently reduce lung function in COPD patients. There was no significant effect on mortality. The use of inhaled steroids may slow down the decline in lung function. In the long-term studies, there was an increased risk of pneumonia in the ICS group, but there was no difference in the risk of death. The risk of side effects was higher in the long term studies. There were no major side effects of the treatment.
We included 80 randomised controlled trials (5820 women). They compared 20 different NSAIDs (18 non-selective and two COX-2-specific) versus placebo, paracetamol, or each other. NSAIDs appeared to be more effective for pain relief than other NSAIDs. However, there was little evidence that NSAIDs were better or worse than each other in terms of pain relief, side effects, or adverse effects. There was no evidence of a difference between NSAIDs and placebo with regard to side effects. We rated the quality of the evidence as low, mainly due to poor reporting of study methods. Most of the included studies were commercially funded (59%). A further 31% failed to state their source of funding. There is not enough evidence to say which (if any) NSAID is the safest and most effective for dysmenorrhoea.
We included seven studies that compared high versus low levels of PEEP (2565 participants). In five of the studies (2417 participants), a comparison was made between high and low-level PEEP with the same tidal volume. However, in the other two studies (148 participants), the volume of the PEEP was different between the groups. We found that there was no difference in risk of death between the two groups. Oxygenation was better in the high-PEEP group. The number of days spent on the ventilator-free days did not show a significant difference. We did not find evidence that high- or low-flow PEEP made a difference in the risk of barotrauma. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate.
This review included 42 studies involving 11,399 patients. Fifteen studies were excluded from the original review (nine retracted from publication due to concerns about the integrity of the data and six missing data). The review found that HES products increase the risk of AKI and RRT in all patient populations. The risk of kidney failure was higher in the HES treated patients compared to those treated with other fluid therapies, and the number of patients with author-defined failure was increased. There was no difference in the risk for sepsis and non-sepsis patients, but there was a difference in risk for kidney injury. There were no differences between subgroups for the RRT and the RIFLE-F based outcomes. The quality of the studies was good.
We identified nine studies that enrolled a total of 682 participants. Seven studies compared the use of Rheum officinale with no treatment and two studies compared it with captopril, a drug that blocks the action of the enzyme angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACEi). We found no clear evidence that the treatment improved SCr or BUN levels. Only a small number of studies reported on side effects. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. There is no evidence to support any use of this drug in patients with CKD. More research is needed.
We found 13 papers, representing data from 2745 individuals (n = 1413) with dementia. The IQCODE can be used to identify older adults who are at risk of dementia and who may require specialist assessment. It is useful in the general hospital setting, but it is also useful in specialist settings. The language of the tests did not affect the test accuracy, which supports its use in the cross-cultural use of the test. We found no significant differences between the short and the long-term version of the short test, the 26-item version, or in the language of administration. The quality of the studies was poor. There was significant variation in the included studies, which means that we cannot be certain of the results. There is a need for more research in this area.
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 91 participants. All three studies investigated various types and intensities of rehabilitation programmes following BoNT. The studies investigated interventions in people with upper limb spasticity, after a stroke, or after other focal intramuscular treatments. There was low level of evidence for the effectiveness of outpatient MD rehabilitation in improving upper limb function and impairments in adults with chronic stroke. There was also low quality evidence for mCIMT, which was assessed as 'low level' evidence for improved upper limb motor function in people who had had a stroke. No trials explored the effect of MD rehabilitation on 'passive function' (e.g. caring for the affected limb), caregiver load, or individual's priority goals for treatment. The optimal types of therapy, therapy approaches, and settings (modalities, therapy types, settings) and types of treatment for improving function (active and passive function) in people and children with post-stroke spasticities, both in the short and long term, are unclear. At best, there was 'low quality' evidence that there was some evidence that MD rehabilitation can improve upper limb functional ability after stroke. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. This means that further research is likely to change our confidence in the results.
We identified four randomised clinical trials, recruiting 136 participants, that compared long-term treatment with lamivudine, HBIg, and adefovir dipivoxil to each of the monotherapy alone. The trials did not show a difference in the risk of HBV infection recurrence. However, the trials were not large enough to be able to show a clear difference in HBV recurrence, and no meta-analyses were performed. This review could not derive clear evidence from these trials that the combination of these drugs can prevent HBV infections.
The review of trials found that sulphonylurea (a drug) with insulin was not better than insulin alone in terms of blood sugar control at three months, at 12 months, and at two years of treatment. In addition, there was evidence that sugary drink (SU) caused earlier insulin dependence. One study showed that vitamin D with insulin (20 μg) in certain doses may protect pancreatic beta cells. In a five year follow-up of GAD65, a drug made from GAD (glutamic acid decarboxylase, a type of enzyme) formulated with aluminium hydroxide, there were improvements in fasting C-peptide levels. However, there is no evidence for or against the use of other treatments. There were no data on health-related quality of life, costs of treatment, health service utilisation, death, and adverse events.
We included 70 studies (44,958 participants) in the review, and 63 studies in the meta-analyses. The results of this review indicate that social norms interventions do not appear to be effective in reducing binge drinking or other misuse of alcohol. The effects of social norms on alcohol misuse are too small to be of relevance. Moreover, the effects are not consistent across delivery modes, and there were problems with the way some of the studies were carried out, which could have affected the results. The quality of the evidence was moderate or low for most outcomes.
We included three trials with a total of 492 participants who had received 530 THA. The evidence presented was of very low quality. One study (81 participants) compared outcomes for people who received hip precautions, equipment and functional restrictions with no provision of hip precautions. There were no incidences of hip dislocation or adverse events in either group in the initial 12 postoperative months. We are uncertain if hip precautions with or without the use of equipment and restrictions are effective in preventing dislocation. The study did not measure pain, function, or health-related quality of life. The other study (265 participants; 303 THAs) compared the number of people who were satisfied with their hip precautions versus those who were not. There was no difference in the rate of recovery between the groups. We were uncertain if the number needed to treat for one person to be satisfied with the hip precautions was greater than for those who did not receive these. One trial (146 participants) evaluated the provision of an enhanced postoperative rehabilitation service to promote functional ADL in the community. This study was of high risk of bias. The quality of the evidence was very low. There is not enough evidence to be sure if the provision or lack of provision of these interventions is effective. There are no data on pain score, global assessment of treatment success, re-operations rate or total adverse events. The results of this review do not allow us to draw any conclusions about the effects of different types of interventions on pain, restriction on personal ADL, EADL, and instrumental ADL. We need more high-quality trials to assess the impact of different interventions for people with THA, and to assess whether they are effective.
This review of three randomised controlled trials found that LNG-IUD use reduces the risk of the recurrence of painful periods in women with endometriosis. There was no difference in the number of women who were satisfied with their treatment. In one trial, women receiving LNG, noted lower pain scores compared with women receiving gonadotrophin-releasing hormone agonists, but this did not reach statistical significance. There is a need for further well-designed trials to confirm these findings.
We included 24 studies in this review. The majority were conducted in laboratory settings, with adult participants (17/24), and used different designs (19/24). All studies were from high-income countries, predominantly in the USA. All of the included studies investigated food products; none looked at alcohol or tobacco. Six studies examined the effects of changing the number of different foods available, and four changed the proportion of less-healthy (to healthier) options. Most studies (4 of 6) changed the amount of snack foods or drinks. Eighteen studies investigated changing the distance at which a snack food or drink was placed from the participants. Most (14/18) changed how far the snack food was placed. Four studies changed the order of meal components encountered. The evidence is current to September 2015. The current evidence suggests that changing the total number of available food options or altering the positioning of foods could contribute to meaningful changes in behaviour, justifying policy actions to promote such changes within food environments. However, the certainty of this evidence as assessed by GRADE is low or very low. To enable more certain and generalisable conclusions about these potentially important effects, further research is warranted in real-world settings, intervening across a wider range of foods - as well as alcohol and tobacco products - and over sustained time periods.
We found no randomized controlled trials that evaluated the effect of antiretroviral drugs for PEP. However, we did find one case-control study that compared a four-week PEP regimen with a placebo (a dummy pill) or no treatment. The results of this study showed that PEP is not 100% effective in preventing seroconversion, but that it may be helpful in reducing the risk of HIV infection. The use of PEP for the prevention of HIV infections in the workplace is based on limited direct evidence. There is no clear evidence to support the use of multi-drug regimens, but, due to the success in treating HIV-infected individuals with PEP, a combination of drugs should be used to prevent HIV infections. Healthcare workers should be warned about the expected adverse events and the best ways to handle these.
The review of trials found that CBT has small to moderate effects on pain and mood, but not on pain or mood. CBT is effective in altering mood and catastrophising outcomes, but there is not enough evidence to know whether this is maintained at six months. Behavioural therapy has no effects on mood. There is some evidence to support the use of CBT for people with chronic pain. The quality of the trials has improved over time, but the quality of treatments has not. More research is needed to find out which CBT components work best for which type of patient, and to try to understand why.
We included 15 national initiatives, including more than 260,000 people, in this review. None of the initiatives were provided in lower-middle- or low-income countries. Ten of the 15 national interventions provided sufficient data for us to be able to assess the impact of the interventions. We found that all of the studies were of low quality. Five of these showed average daily salt intake per person that ranged from 1.15 grams/day less (Finland) to 0.35 grams (Ireland). Two showed mean increase in salt intake from pre-intervention (1.66 grams per day more per person) and Switzerland (0.80 grams more per day per person); however in both countries the data point was several years prior to the initiation of the intervention. The remaining initiatives did not show a statistically significant mean change. Seven of the 10 initiatives were multi-component and incorporated intervention activities of a structural nature (e.g. food product reformulation, food procurement policy in specific settings). Of those seven initiatives, four showed a decrease in average salt intake, ranging from Finland to Ireland, and one showed an increase in mean salt intake. Nine initiatives permitted quantitative analysis of differential impact by sex (men and women separately). For women, three initiatives (Austria, China, Finland, France, United Kingdom) showed a reduction in average sodium intake, three (Netherlands, Switzerland, United States) showed no significant change and one (Canada) showed an average increase in sodium intake. For men, five initiatives (Australia, Denmark, Germany, Austria, Netherlands, Switzerland and United Kingdom), four (Austra, Netherlands and Switzerland) and two (USA, Canada) showed changes in mean sodium intake that were not statistically significant. Information was insufficient to indicate whether a differential change in average water intake occurred between men and women by other axes of equity included in the PROGRESS framework. We identified no adverse effects of these initiatives. The number of initiatives was insufficient
We found seven studies that compared the effects of medicines for sleep bruxism. Three studies were of low risk of bias, while four were of uncertain risk. Amitriptyline (three studies), bromocriptine (one study), clonidine, propranolol (one) and levodopa (Prolopa®) (a drug) were compared with a placebo. All studies had a small number of participants. The studies were small and had a cross-over design. The results of the studies were imprecise. We combined the results for each of the drugs according to the following outcomes: 1. amitriptylines versus placebo for masseteric electromyography (EMG), 2. clonidates versus placebo, 3. levodanes versus placebo and 4. L-tryptophan versus placebo. We found no difference in the effectiveness of any of the medications for reducing the number of bruxist episodes per hour of sleep. However, results for other sleep-related outcomes were uncertain. Adverse effects were frequent in people who took amitripyline and in people taking levodates, as well as in people receiving propranes. In people who received propransolol, 7 in 10 had moderate-to-severe xerostomia, and 2 in 10 people in the placebo group. Clonidine was associated with prolonged morning hypotension in three of 16 people. The use of preventive medication avoided any adverse effects in people treated with levodopride and bromopride. There was not enough evidence to determine whether medicines are effective in reducing the severity of sleep-bruxism symptoms. There is a need for more well-designed randomised controlled trials to answer this question. Ideally, parallel RCTs should be used in future studies to avoid the bias associated with cross-overs. The quality of the evidence for most comparisons was low because of imprec
We identified 10 randomized controlled trials with 1015 participants. All studies compared an enteral formula or supplements of omega-3 fatty acids (i.e. eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoic acids (DHA), and gamma-linolenic acid) with a control group. The evidence is current to August 2018. We are uncertain whether immunonutrition improves the duration of ventilator days and ICU length of stay or oxygenation at day 4 due to the very low quality of evidence. Adverse events associated with the use of immunonutraction are also uncertain, as confidence intervals include the potential for increased cardiac, gastrointestinal, and total adverse events. We assessed some of the included studies as having high risk of bias due to methodological shortcomings. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to low.
We found 33 studies that compared open questions with checklist-type questions or rating scales. Two studies included participant interviews. Despite different designs, populations, and details of questioning methods, we found that more specific questions led to more AEs being detected compared to a more general enquiry. We also found that there was a risk that more severe, bothersome, or clinically relevant AEs were only reported when an initial open enquiry was used. However, two studies showed that some less severe, or debilitating, AEs only were detected by an interview, while other studies did not find a difference in the nature of AEs between the two methods. There was no evidence that the question method had an impact on the ability to detect AE. We found that the quality of the evidence was low. There is a need for more research on how to better understand how to ask AEs. Any chosen method needs to be feasible for use by both staff and participants.
We found 15 studies that assessed interventions to prevent SUDEP in people with epilepsy. Eight studies did not assess interventions for preventing SUDEP; five studies measured devices to detect GTCS, but they did not directly measure the risk of SUDEP. Two studies assessed risk factors for SUDEP, but not interventions for prevention. We included one study of 154 people with SUDEP and 616 people with nocturnal supervision. This study found that people who were supervised by someone other than their usual carer had a lower risk of having a SUDEP when they slept in the same room as the person supervising them. This effect was independent of seizure control. The study did not report on non-SUDEP deaths; changes to anxiety, depression, and quality of life; and the number of people attending the hospital. We found very low-quality evidence of a preventative effect for the use of a listening device to prevent a person sleeping in bed with epilepsy from having aSUDEP. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. More research is needed.
This review aimed to assess the effectiveness of autogenic drainage for people with cystic fibrosis. Seven studies were included in the review. These studies involved 208 participants. Six studies enrolled people who were clinically stable, whilst one study included people who had had an infective flare up of their disease. The age of the people in the studies ranged from seven and 63 years. All seven studies were conducted in the USA. One study was of parallel design with the remaining six being cross-over in design; participant numbers ranged from 17 to 75. The total study duration varied between four days and two years. The quality of the evidence was generally low or very low. The main reasons for downgrading the level of evidence were the frequent use of a cross over design, outcome reporting bias and the inability to blind participants. The review's primary outcome, forced expiratory volume in one second, was the most common outcome measured and was reported by all seven studies; only three studies reported on quality of life (also a primary outcome of the review). One study reported on adverse events and described a decrease in oxygen saturation levels whilst performing active cycle of breathing techniques, but not with autogenic ventilation. Six of the seven included studies measured forced vital capacity and three of the studies used mid peak flow (per cent predicted) as an outcome. Six trials measured sputum weight. Less commonly used outcomes included oxygen saturation, personal preference, hospital admissions or intravenous antibiotics. There were no statistically significant differences found between any of the techniques used with respect to the outcomes measured except when autogenic drain was described as being the preferred technique of the participants in one study over postural drainage and percussion. The studies recruited a range of participants and were not powered to assess non-inferiority. The varied length and design of the included studies made the analysis of pooled data challenging. Larger studies are required to better evaluate autogenic drains in comparison to other airway clearance techniques in view of the relatively
This review found that psychological therapies, based on CBT principles, were more effective than TAU/WL in the short-term treatment of GAD. However, the body of evidence for CBT is small and diverse, which means that it is difficult to be certain about its effectiveness. Psychological therapies, all using CBT, were also more effective in reducing anxiety, worry and depression symptoms. No studies compared CBT against TAU or WL. Six studies compared the CBT with supportive therapy. No significant difference in clinical response was found between CBT and supportive therapy, but the number of sessions of therapy was too small to be sure of this result.
The review of trials found that giving progestogen to women with recurrent miscarriages may help to reduce the number of miscarriages. There was no clear difference in the rate of preterm birth. The trials did not report on any other important outcomes for the babies, such as the risk of low birthweight or the need for special care. The evidence is up to date as of May 2014.
We included 14 studies with a total of 1298 participants. Nine studies (704 participants) compared CM vs. control, and five studies (594 participants) examined MIB interventions versus control. We did not find any studies that assessed other types of psychosocial interventions. The included studies were of moderate quality. For the most part, it was unclear if included studies had been adequately controlled for bias within their studies, as such information was not often reported. We assessed risk of bias in all the included studies relating to the way participants were selected, how study staff and outcome assessors were blinded, and how many women dropped out. The studies did not often measure outcomes for the mother and her baby. For studies that did measure such outcomes, there was no difference in pre-term birth rates (three trials, 264 participants), maternal toxicity (two trials), or low birth weight (one trial). However, the results did show that babies in the MIB group spent fewer days in hospital for fewer days. There were no differences observed at the end of the studies in retention or abstinence of drug use (at the end) in any of the interventions. These results held for both CM and MIB groups combined. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. Overall, the evidence suggests that there is no difference between CM or MIB in the treatment outcomes to address drug use, when taken in the presence of other comprehensive care options. The evidence is up to date as of February 2016.
We identified 31 studies (44 reports) including 27,071 participants and two ongoing studies. The risk of bias in the studies was low or unclear. Transradial approach for diagnostic CA or PCI (or both) in CAD may reduce the short-term NACE, heart death, and all-cause mortality. However, the risk of short term myocardial infarction was the same between both groups. The transradial method had a lower procedure success rate (28 studies), but was associated with a lower risk of death, bleeding, and access site complications. There is not enough evidence to assess the long-term clinical outcomes.
We found two studies of palliative care interventions for people with advanced dementia. Both studies were at high risk of bias, in part because participants were not blinded to the care they received. We did not pool data due to the heterogeneity between the two trials in terms of the interventions and the settings. One study (99 participants) compared the effect of a team of carers with carers who were not part of the carers' own care. The other study (256 participants) evaluated the effect on end of-of-life care options for nursing home residents. In this study, carers were compared with a group who were in a control group. In the control group, the decision aid was given to the decision-makers of nursing homes. In both studies, there was uncertainty about the results. We found no evidence to suggest that the intervention had an effect on the number of people who died in hospital, decisions to forgo cardiac resuscitation or the quality of care provided. However, for the latter, there were few events and the results were imprecise. One of the studies reported that a palliation plan was more likely to be developed for people in the care group, but the plan was only adopted for two people, both in the intervention group, while they were in hospital. In one of the two studies, a decision aid (providing information on feeding options) was used to inform decision-making for a group of people in a nursing home. This study reported that people in this group had less conflict of interest and were more likely than those in the control groups to discuss their feeding options with a clinician. The certainty of all the evidence was low. There were only two studies in this review, with differences in the interventions, the settings and the outcomes measured. Thus, we conclude that there is not enough evidence to assess the effects of interventions to improve care for the dying. The fact that there are six ongoing studies at the time of this
This review of three randomised trials found that different methods of sequencing adjuvant therapy did not appear to have a major effect on the risk of breast cancer recurrence or survival for women with breast cancer if RT is commenced within seven months after surgery. On the basis of one trial (244 women), RT before CT was associated with an increased risk of neutropenic sepsis, but other measures of side effects did not differ.
We found nine randomised controlled trials involving a total of 622 participants. Three trials compared CrP plus resistance or weight training with placebo (a pretend treatment). The other three trials compared the same CrP dose versus placebo. The RCTs were conducted in the community setting, in which interventions were mainly delivered by health professionals, and had a short-term follow up (up to 24 weeks). We found no firm evidence that CrP is effective for weight loss in overweight or obese adults. There were two serious adverse events in the 1000 µg CrP group, and one in the 200 µg group. Two participants taking placebo discontinued due to side effects. No study reported on death from any cause, illness, morbidity, quality of life or socioeconomic effects. We assessed the quality of the evidence as low for all outcomes.
This review looked at the effects of different antiseptic treatments for wound healing after surgery. Eleven studies with a total of 886 participants were included. These evaluated a range of treatments. One study compared a zinc oxide mesh dress with a plain mesh dressing. There was no clear evidence of a difference in the time to wound healing. Two other studies compared different iodine preparations (such as Triclosan) with no treatment. One found that sucralfate cream was more effective than a petrolatum cream for healing open wounds following haemorrhoidectomy. This evidence was of moderate quality. The study also found that there was a reduction in the length of time it took to heal open wounds. One small study found that more wounds healed with honey-soaked gauze (a type of gauze made from honey) than with EUSOL (a dressing made from a sugar pill). There was also some evidence that more foot wounds treated with Dermacym®(Dermacyn®)®-treated post-operative foot wounds in people with diabetes healed compared to those treated with iodine. There is no robust evidence on the relative effectiveness of any of the treatments evaluated to date for use on SWHSI. Where some evidence for possible treatment effects was reported, it stemmed from single studies with small participant numbers and was classed as moderate or low quality evidence. This means it is likely or very likely that further research will have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect, and may change this estimate.
This review identified five randomised studies with a total of 1049 women. The studies evaluated five different technique modifications during CVS. For amniocentesis, there was no clear evidence of benefit for any of them. The same applies for terbutaline tocolysis, use of continuous vacuum aspiration, and terbutamine extraction. For CVS, there were no conclusive results of benefit. In the absence of clear evidence, the operators should continue to use methods and technique modifications with which they are most familiar with.
We included 10 studies: four provided data for quantitative analyses (437 participants) and three studies were non-randomised trials (1181 participants). Three studies were interrupted time series (ITs), one was unreported. One study was from a high-income country (South Africa), and three were from a low-income (Bangladesh) country (Canada). Five studies were randomised trials, and one was non-RCT. Three studies included maize flour fortified with folic acid alone or with other micronutrients. The duration of interventions in these studies ranged from two weeks to 36 months. The studies were conducted in China, Mexico, South Africa, and Canada. In one study in a lower- and middle-middle-income countries, women consuming maize flour with or without folic acids were less likely to have a baby with brain damage (total neural tube defects, spina bifida, and anencephaly). In two non-rCTs, serum folate concentrations were higher in women who consumed maize flour and folicacid and plasma folate, compared to women who did not. In a cluster of studies in children, there were no significant effects of fortified wheat flour flat bread on haemoglobin or anaemia. The evidence is up to date as of April 2015. The certainty of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. The included studies had unclear risk of bias for randomisation, blinding, and reporting, and low/unclear risk of contamination for attrition and contamination.
We identified six trials. Two trials involving 1,124,483 newborn infants with CF (210 with CF) with a maximum follow up of 17 years were eligible for inclusion in this review. Two randomised controlled trials assessing neonatal screening in CF were included; data from one study were included. Severe malnutrition was less common in screened infants. At age seven, 88% of screened infants and 75% of controls had lung function at least 89% predicted. At diagnosis chest x-rays showed that chest X-rays were better in the screened group. However, these results were not significant after adjustment for genotype, pancreatic status, and the results of Pseudomonas aeruginosa-culture. In screened infants, colonisation of the colon was earlier. Screening seems to be less expensive.
We found five randomized controlled trials, recruiting a total of 7314 participants, with a mean follow-up of 4.5 years. Only one trial (ACCORD) compared the effects of the 'lower' blood pressure target with the'standard' target. Despite achieving a lower blood pressure (119.3 mmHg vs 133.5 mmHG) and using more drugs to lower the blood pressure, there was no reduction in the risk of stroke. There was a trend towards lower risk of death in the group assigned to the'lower' DBP target, mainly due to a trend to fewer deaths from non-cardiovascular causes. There was no difference in stroke, myocardial infarction or heart failure. End-stage renal failure and total serious side effects were not reported in the trials. Trying to achieve the 'higher' systolic blood pressure goal was associated with an increase in the number of side effects. The quality of the evidence was low. This means that the true effect may be quite different from what we found.
This review found that non-removable, pressure-relieving casts are more effective in healing plantar foot ulcers than removable casts, or dressings alone. In one study, a tendon lengthening device was found to be more effective than a non-reovable cast alone. More ulcers remained healed at two years in this group. There was no difference between the two groups in terms of the number of ulcers healed. There were no significant differences in the type of dressings used. Other comparisons were surgical debriding, felt fitted to the foot, felted foam dressings and felted casts. None of these showed a significant treatment effect in favour of the intervention.
We found five studies that met the inclusion criteria for the review. These studies included a total of 235 participants. Two trials of computer computer-assisted cognitive training (n = 100) were identified, two of compensatory strategy-training (N = 95) and one of meditation (47) as well as one of physical activity training (19). All five studies were of high risk of bias. Each study focused on breast cancer survivors. Data for our primary outcome, cognitive function, were not amenable to be pooled statistically. Cognitive training was found to have beneficial effects on cognitive function and mental well-being. Compensatory strategy training was also found to improve cognitive function in patients who were on a wait-list. However, this evidence was of low quality and, therefore, findings should be treated with caution. The meta-analysis of two RCTs (95 participants) did not show a beneficial effect from cognitive training on physical well, mental, emotional or mental health immediately or two months after the end of the intervention. The evidence for the effects of physical exercise and of meditation on cognitive outcome is unclear. Overall, the findings of this review may be interpreted to suggest that non-drug treatments may have the potential to reduce the risk of, or ameliorate, cognitive impairment following cancer treatment. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found six trials, all from the 1970s, randomising 343 participants. We excluded one trial. The trials were of poor quality and only short-term data were available. Results from the included trials found that, in terms of global state improvement, when rated by a psychiatrist, there was no clear difference in effectiveness between piperacetazine and chlorpromazine. One trial reported change scores on the mental state scale Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS). No clear difference was observed. In both treatment groups, around 60% of participants experienced some sort of side effect, with approximately 40% of these participants experiencing some movement disorder. No difference in the numbers of people leaving the study early for any reason was seen. No trial reported data for change in negative symptoms or costs. The overall quality of the evidence was low. This means that we have very little confidence in the results of this review. We can not make firm conclusions based on such data. The results of the review show that chlor promazine and piper acetate may be similar in effectiveness, but data are based on small numbers of patients and the evidence is very low quality.
This review found five randomised trials with a total of 207 participants, 102 of whom had colorectal stents and 105 had emergency surgery. There was no difference in the risk of death or complications between the two groups. The use of stents seems to be as safe as the emergency surgery in terms of the risk and complications. The average time of clinical relief of obstruction was 0.66 day in the stent group and was 3.55 days in the emergency group. The stent insertion was successful in 86.02% of stent placement attempts. The 30 day mortality rate was similar in both groups. There were no differences in the number of deaths in either group, the 30 day death rate was 2.3% in the colic stent and 2.2% in emergency surgery group. Stent placement was more likely to be successful in the group of participants who had an emergency stent. The mean hospital stay was 11.53 days in both the colonic and emergency surgery groups and the mean procedure/operating time was 17.15 days. The median blood loss was 50 ml in the coloni stent groups and 350 ml in each of the emergency surgical groups. However, due to the variability in the sample size and trial designs in the included studies, further trials with bigger sample sizes and well defined trial design are needed to achieve the robust evidence.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (1867 women) comparing human albumin (seven RCTs) or HES or mannitol (one RCT) with placebo or no treatment. The evidence was of very low to moderate quality. The main limitations were imprecision, poor reporting of study methods, and failure to blind outcome assessors. We found evidence that the plasma expanders (human albumin, HES, and mannitor) reduce OHSS in women at high risk. This suggests that if the rate of OHSS with no treatment is 12%, it will be 9% (6% to 12%) with the use of intravenous albumin. However, there was evidence of a detrimental effect on pregnancy rates (seven studies 1069 high risk women, moderate quality evidence). If the chance of pregnancy is 40% without treatment, it would be about 32% (27% to 38%). There was evidence that HES reduced OHSS (two studies 272 women, very low quality evidence) by 5% (2% to 10%) and there was no evidence of an effect on the pregnancy rate (one study). There was also evidence that there was a beneficial effect on OHSS, but the evidence was based on very few trials which need to be confirmed in additional, larger trials before they should be considered for routine use in clinical practice. Adverse events appear to be uncommon, but were too poorly reported to reach any firm conclusions, and there were no data on live birth rates. Live birth rates were not reported in any of the studies.
This review identified 10 studies involving 484 patients. There was no evidence suggesting superior efficacy of any one sclerosant over another, but there was evidence that sclerotherapy was better than placebo. The studies did not suggest that patients were more satisfied with any of the sclerosing agents studied, but they did show that sclera-modifying agents were better than a normal saline placebo. More research is needed to determine the best treatment for this condition. The quality of the evidence was poor, as was the quality of reporting.
We included seven studies (241 participants) in this review. Meta-analysis of these seven included studies was not possible due to the small number of studies and because many of the studies did not provide sufficient information with their results. The evidence is current to September 2014. Salbutamol administered via either nebulizer or metered-dose inhaler (MDI) significantly reduced serum potassium compared with placebo. No study evaluated the efficacy of pharmacological interventions for preventing clinically relevant outcomes such as mortality and cardiac arrhythmias; however, there is evidence that several commonly used therapies effectively reduce serum potassium levels. The peak effect of 10 mg nebulised salbutamolate was seen at 120 minutes and at 90 minutes for 20 mg nebulaise and 1.2 mg via MDI produced a significant decrease in serum potassium beginning at 10 minutes and a maximal decrease at 60 minutes. Intravenous (IV) and nebulized (nebulised) salbut amol produced comparable effects (2 studies). When compared to other interventions, insulin-dextrose had similar effect to insulin bicarbonate but was more effective than bicaarbonate and aminophylline (1 study). Insulin dextrose produced similar effects to IV bicarbate and IV aminopylline. None of the included studies evaluated the effect of IV calcium or potassium binding resins in the treatment of hyperkalaemia. Evidence for the acute pharmacological management of high blood potassium levels is limited, with no clinical studies demonstrating a reduction in adverse patient outcomes. Of the studied agents, salbutamicol via any route and IV insulin dextresse appear to be most effective at reducing serum potassium. There is limited evidence to support the use of other interventions. The effectiveness of potassium-binding resins and IV calcium salts has not been tested in randomised controlled trials and requires further study before firm recommendations for clinical practice can be made.
We included 39 studies, involving 3392 participants, in this review. The evidence is current to August 2015. Antimicrobial lock solutions (antibiotic and non-antibiotics) were compared to standard sealing solutions (usually heparin) of the CVC for HD. Antibiotic lock solutions probably reduce CRI per 1000 catheter-days (27 studies: low certainty evidence), however the effect on the risk of thrombosis (blood clots) is uncertain (14 studies: high certainty evidence). Antibiotics and the combination of both lock solutions decreased the incidence of CRI compared to control lock solutions; however, the effect of these two types of lock solutions on the number of people who develop a blood clot in their veins is uncertain. The overall quality of the evidence was low or very low for most of the included studies. This means that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the results.
We identified 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing pre-emptive treatment versus placebo, standard care or treatment of CMV when CMV occurred (standard care) in 1098 participants. Of these, six studies looked at pre-eternal treatment versus standard care, eight looked at antiviral prophylaxis, and one looked at oral pre-treatments versus intravenous pre-estrogen treatment. The evidence is up-to-date as of April 2015. Pre-eteral therapy is effective compared with placebo or standard care. Preemptive therapy significantly reduced the risk of CMCV disease but not acute rejection or death from any cause. There were no significant differences in the risks of all-cause mortality, graft loss, acute rejection and infections other than CMV. Leucopenia was significantly less common with pre-ET than with prophyleptic therapy. Other adverse effects did not differ significantly or were not reported. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. The main limitations of this review were the small number of studies and differences between the studies.
We identified three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that investigated the effects of sweet potato preparations on glycaemic control in people with type 2 diabetes. All three studies were performed by the same trialist. Overall, the risk of bias of these trials was unclear or high. There was no evidence that any of the three studies was at risk of systematic error. The trials were of poor quality. There is insufficient evidence to guide clinical practice. Further observational trials and RCTs are needed.
We found 19 studies that compared the active cycle of breathing technique with autogenic drainage, airway oscillating devices, high-frequency chest compression devices, and conventional chest physiotherapy. Most of the studies were cross-over, which means that participants and study staff knew which treatment they were receiving. Five studies (192 participants) were included in the review. The age of the participants in the studies ranged from six to 63 years. In 13 studies, follow up lasted a single day. There were two long-term studies with follow up of one to three years. Most studies did not report on key quality items, and so, the results may not be reliable. However, most studies did report on all planned outcomes, and most of them had adequate follow up. The results of five studies, with data from eight different comparators, found that people with cystic fibrosis who used the breathing technique preferred it to other therapies. There was no difference in lung function or the number of lung attacks between people using the breathing therapy alone and those using it in conjunction with other therapies, but more people preferred the breathing treatment to high-speed chest compression. No difference was seen in quality of life, lung function, sputum weight, exercise tolerance, or lung function. No significant difference was found in the quality of the breathing treatments. There is not enough evidence to support or reject the use of the active Cycle of Breathing technique in comparison with any other airway clearance therapy. Longer-term trials are needed to more accurately assess the effects of the treatment.
This review has provided evidence that brief co-incubation of sperm and oocytes may improve the ongoing pregnancy rate for infertile women undergoing IVF cycles. The review found eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) including 733 women in total. The evidence is up-to-date as of April 2014. The low quality evidence showed that brief-co-incUBation was associated with an increased ongoing pregnancy and clinical pregnancy rate compared to the standard insemination protocol. There was no significant difference in the odds of miscarriage between brief-colombia and standard-insemination. Live birth was not reported in any of the included studies. More RCTs are required to assess whether brief-tocubation would contribute to a higher live birth rate and a lower miscarriage rate compared with the standard overnight insemination protocol.
This review of five studies found that babies born with poorly compliant lungs should be ventilated with a short IT. Long IT was associated with an increase in air leaks and deaths. There was no significant difference in the incidence of BPD. Caution should be exercised in applying these results to modern neonate intensive care, because these studies were conducted prior to the use of steroids, surfactant and synchronised mode of ventilatory support. Most of the participants had single pathology (HMD) and no studies looked at the effects of IT on newborns ventilated.
This review included 33 studies involving 5110 patients. There is a large variety in the ways the TFU was performed (the health professionals who undertook the intervention, the way it was measured, the frequency, structure, duration, etc.). There is also a large variation in the types of patients studied. The studies were of low quality. There was no evidence that TFU had any beneficial or harmful effects on patient outcomes. However, some studies found that it had favourable effects for some outcomes. Overall, there was not enough evidence to conclude whether TFU is an effective treatment. The quality of the included studies was low, which means that the results must be treated with caution.
We identified 38 relevant trials. These trials were conducted across a spectrum of disease areas, countries, healthcare and community settings. The trials evaluated six broad types of strategies to improve retention. These were: incentives, communication strategies, new questionnaire format, case management and behavioural interventions. For 34 of the trials, retention was response to postal and electronic questionnaires with or without medical tests. For four trials retention was the number of people remaining in the trial. Most of the retention trials that we identified evaluated the response of people to questionnaire questionnaires. There was no good evidence that the addition of a non-monetary incentive, an offer of a 'enhanced' letter, or a telephone survey was more or less effective than a monetary incentive. There were few evaluations of ways to improve people's return to trial sites for trial follow-up. Some strategies, such as incentives, sent reminders to the trial site and when a questionnaire is sent to people, may be more effective than standard procedures. There is no evidence to support the use of telephones or other forms of reminders to people to return to a trial site. The effect of using offers of charity donations, sending reminders, and questionnaire question order on the response to a questionnaire may be important. More research is needed.
We included eight studies that involved a total of 829 participants (416 and 413 participants, respectively). We identified six studies that are awaiting classification. One study is completed but has not been published, and five studies were not yet available. We found no significant differences between the devices in relation to the primary review outcome: failure of the device to provide adequate airway support. We evaluated this outcome by assessing two variables (i.e. inadequate oxygenation (four studies, 617 participants), and inadequate ventilation (one study, 80 participants). We found that more time was required for the airway to open using a pLMA than using a cLMA. Peak airway pressure was lower in the cLma group. We are uncertain about the effects of either of the two devices in terms of failure to insert the device, use of an alternate device, sore throat, bronchospasm (breathlessness), gastric insufflation (gastric blockage), regurgitation, coughing, and excessive leak. Data were not enough to allow us to draw any conclusions about the differences for obstruction related to the device. None of the studies reported nausea and vomiting as an outcome. Data show no important differences in the number of complications. The quality of the evidence was low. This means that we cannot be certain about the results. The evidence is up to date as of January 2018.
We included 19 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1453 participants. Fifteen of these studies were not included in the previous review. Fourteen trials recruited children with RAP, and five trials specifically recruited only children with irritable bowel syndrome. The mean age at recruitment ranged from 6.3 years to 13.1 years. All trials had follow-up ranging from one to five months. The studies fell into four categories: (1) probiotics (13 studies), (2) low FODMAP diets (one study), (3) fibre-based diets (four studies), and (4) low fructose-restricted diets). We found that children treated with probiotics were more likely to reduce their pain at zero to three months postintervention. There was also a decrease in pain intensity. However, we found that there was no reduction in pain at the same time point. We also found that probiotics given to children with a symptom profile (i.e. children who have a normal bowel function but have symptoms of irritable gut syndrome) who were treated with a probiotic were more than twice as likely to experience pain relief at three to six months after treatment compared to those given placebo. The estimated number needed to treat for one to experience improvement in pain was eight. We found moderate- to low quality evidence for these two outcomes. We could not combine the results of the studies due to small numbers of children included in each study. We judged the quality of the evidence to be moderate for pain relief, but low for other outcomes. The evidence was of low quality due to the small number of children in the studies. We were also unable to combine results for school performance, social and psychological functioning, or quality of daily life, as not enough studies included these. The quality of evidence was low for all outcomes due to problems with the way the studies were carried out.
We included 22 studies involving 4490 participants. All were randomised trials (3 were cluster RCTs), and 19 of the 22 studies had analysable outcome data. Most of the studies were at unclear or high risk of bias for all forms of bias. Findings from the five trials with bias outcomes (n = 1196) were mixed, with effects showing a reduction, increase or consistent with no effect of effect. The median standardised mean difference (SMD) for three trials (394) with continuous outcome was -0.25, with SMDs ranging from 0.85 (95% CI -1.39 to +0.31) to - 0.17 (-0.17). Odds ratios (OR) for the two studies (802) with dichotomous bias outcomes showed no effect: results were 1.30 (-1.53 to 3.19) and 1.19 (95. CI -85 to +2.65). The median SMD for 19 trials (3077 participants) with prejudice outcomes showed a small to medium effect in decreasing prejudice, and are equivalent to reducing the level of prejudice from that associated with schizophrenia to the level associated with major depression. SMDs for prejudice outcomes across all studies ranged from 2.94 (-2.94) to 2.40 (-3.40). Cost data were provided on request for three studies, and did not address cost-effectiveness. Two studies (455 participants) contained statements about adverse effects and neither reported finding any. Very little is known about costs, adverse effects or other outcomes. The findings are limited by the quality of the evidence, which was low for the primary outcomes for discrimination and prejudice, low for adverse effects, and very low for costs. Mass media interventions may reduce prejudice, but there is insufficient evidence to determine their effects on discrimination. More research is required to establish the effects of mass media interventions on discrimination, to better understand which types of media interventions work best
We included 85 studies in our synthesis. The studies took place in 41 countries, including eight high-income countries, 18 middle-income and 15 low-income. Forty-six studies explored the views of healthy pregnant or postnatal women, 17 studies of healthcare providers, and 22 studies of both women and healthcare providers. We found that for women, initial use of ANC (when they first use it) depends on a perception that doing so will be a good experience. This is because of the provision of good-quality care that is not dependent on the payment of fees, and that includes continuity of care, and respect for the woman’s need for privacy. For women, whether they continue to use ANC or not depends on their experience of the way it was designed and provided, as well as their perceptions of the value of being pregnant. For healthcare providers to provide the kind of high-quality service that is likely to facilitate access by women, the capacity of staff and resources to provide a safe, personalised, relationship-based, locally accessible ANC is needed. Such provision also depends on the presence of kind, caring staff who make effective links with local communities, who make sure women and their families know that pregnancy is a normal life event, and who can recognise and respond to complications when they arise. Healthcare providers need to have sufficient resources and staff to deliver the service, and the time to provide flexible, private appointments that do not overload staff. They also need to be able to recognise and deal with complications. Healthcare providers need sufficient training and education, and should have an adequate salary, so that they do not need to demand extra informal funds from women and families, to increase their income, or to fund essential supplies. The quality of the evidence in this review is moderate to high. This review has identified key barriers to the uptake (or not) of ANC services by pregnant women. It has also identified key facilitators to the use (or lack of uptake
The review of trials found that oral nimodipine reduced the risk of poor outcome, secondary ischaemia, and death in patients with SAH. There was no evidence that oral or intravenous calcium antagonists reduced the incidence of adverse events. The results for 'poor outcome' depend on a single large trial of oral nimeodipines. The evidence for other calcium antagonists is inconclusive. The review also found that magnesium sulphate, a promising agent, is also effective in the treatment of SAH, but more studies are needed to confirm its use. Intravenous administration of calcium antagonists should be avoided in routine practice.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) including 739 children with high-risk neuroblastoma. They all used an age of one year as the cut-off point for the risk of being included in the studies. The evidence is current to September 2014. The first search identified a manuscript reporting additional follow-up data for one of these RCTs, while the second update identified an erratum of this study. There was a significant statistical difference in event-free survival in favour of myeloablative therapy over conventional chemotherapy or no further treatment (three studies, 739 patients; HR 0.78, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.67 to 0.90). There was no evidence of effect when additional data were included. The meta-analysis of secondary malignant disease and treatment-related death did not show any significant statistical differences between the treatment groups. Data from one study (379 patients) showed a significantly higher incidence of renal effects, interstitial pneumonitis and veno-occlusive disease compared to conventional chemotherapy, whereas for serious infections and sepsis no significant difference was identified. No information on quality of life was reported. In the individual studies we evaluated different subgroups, but the results were not univocal in all studies. All studies had some methodological limitations. Based on the currently available evidence we can only allow a conclusion to be made on the concept of myelofiltration therapy; no conclusions can be made regarding the best treatment strategy. Survival rates may be overestimated due to the inclusion of patients with intermediate-risk disease. It should be kept in mind that recently the age cut-offs for high risk disease were changed from one year to 18 months. As a result it is possible that patients with what is now classified as intermediate- risk disease have been included in high risk groups. Consequently the relevance of the results of these studies to the current practice can be questioned.
We found eight randomised clinical trials (632 participants) that met our inclusion criteria. The mean age ranged from 16 years to 78 years. The proportion of men ranged from 60% to 75% and the proportion of people with advanced liver cancer ranged from 22%, to 85%. The average follow-up duration was 12 months. All eight trials were at high risk of bias, and we rated the certainty of the evidence as low to very low. We found that TACE followed by 3-DCRT compared with TACE alone (low-certainty evidence). TACE may have reduced the risk of death from any cause, and tumour response, at three years. However, we are very uncertain in the results of the reported non-serious adverse events. The risk of adverse events was similar in the TACE and TACE groups. The rate of patients with a higher rise of total bilirubin (a protein in the blood) was higher in those who received TACE, but these data were from one trial only. We are uncertain as to whether this increase is due to the fact that the tumour has not responded to TACE. None of the trials reported serious side effects. The results of this review should be treated with caution because of the poor quality of the included trials, and because we are uncertain about the results. We need more high-quality trials to assess the role of TACE in the treatment of unresectable liver cancer.
No randomised controlled trials were identified. However, two excluded trials provided some insights into the topic. One study showed that infants with CLD/BPD who were fed formula enriched with protein and minerals had better growth up until three months of corrected age. The other study compared different amounts of energy in formula but the same amount of fluid in both groups. It showed that both groups were not able to reach the pre-designated feed volumes. There were no differences in growth, oxygenation of the blood, oedema and the diuretic requirements. To date, no trials have been conducted to examine the effects of increasing energy intake for infants with (or developing) CLD.
We included 13 studies enrolling 2341 participants (and involving 2360 procedures) in this review. The quality of evidence was very low (subclavian vein N = 3) or low for most of the outcomes, moderate for one outcome (femoral vein) and high at best for two outcomes. Most of the studies were at unclear risk of bias. Most studies were of poor quality. The results for Doppler ultrasound compared with anatomical landmark techniques are uncertain. We found that two- dimensional ultrasound offers small gains in safety and quality when compared with a landmark technique for subclavial (arterial puncture) and femoral vein (success on the first try) catheters. No evidence was found of a difference in total or other complications. However, success on first attempt was more likely with ultrasound. We did not find any data on mortality or other outcomes. No data on the number of attempts to insert the catheter were reported. We conclude that, based on the results of this review, we conclude that two dimensional ultrasound is safer and more effective than a landmark approach for catheter placement in the vein.
This review of 15 trials found that the best dose of physostigmine (mean 33 mg/day) given to people with early stages of Alzheimer's disease was associated with a higher rate of withdrawal from the trial due to adverse events. There was no difference between the higher dose and the lower dose (mean 5.7mg/day), but there were higher numbers of people withdrawing due to side effects. The best dose (delivering mean dose 12 mg/ day) resulted in more people suffering at least one adverse event of vomiting, nausea, or abdominal cramps compared with placebo at 24 weeks. The results from two of the four studies of the controlled-release form of the drug apply only to a group of patients identified as responders in a pre-randomization titration period. The evidence of effectiveness of the drugs for the symptomatic treatment of Alzheimer’s disease is limited. Even in a controlled release formulation designed to overcome the short half-life of the medication, the drugs showed no convincing benefit and side effects remained common.
We included 13 trials involving a total of 16,112 participants. Eleven trials recruited participants with a history of heart disease, and two trials recruited people with previous stroke. One trial recruited a mix of people with CVD. The trials compared fibrates with placebo (a fake drug) or no fibrate. We found evidence that fibratinic drugs can reduce the risk of stroke, heart attack, and death from vascular causes. However, this beneficial effect relies on the inclusion of clofibrate data, a drug that was discontinued in 2002 due to its unacceptably large adverse effects. There was no increase in adverse events with fibrinic drugs compared to control. We judged overall risk of bias to be moderate.
The review of trials found that women at low risk of excessive bleeding had less blood loss and less need for blood transfusions following CS and vaginal birth. The effect of TA on blood loss greater than 500 mL or 400 mL was more pronounced in the group of women having CS than in the women who had CS. Mean blood loss was lower in women who received TA versus placebo or no intervention (five trials, 1186 women). Additional medical interventions and blood transfusion were less frequent with TA. Mild side effects, such as nausea, vomiting, dizziness and dizziness, were more common with the use of TA. There was not enough evidence to be sure about the effects of TA in terms of the number of deaths or severe complications. There is an increase in minor side effects. The quality of the evidence was mixed.
We found 12 studies (2494 participants: 1586 children and 908 elderly) that compared amantadine and rituximab with placebo, paracetamol, zanamivir, or zanadine to treat flu A. The evidence is current to February 2015. The studies were conducted in China, India, Japan, South Korea, Thailand, Thailand and the United States of America. We found no studies assessing amantadenine in the elderly. The results of the studies do not indicate that amantdine and rimantadines compared to control (placebo or paracetemol) could be useful in preventing, treating and shortening the duration of flu A in children and the elderly, respectively. The quality of the evidence was low and the safety of the drugs was not well established.
We included nine randomised controlled trials, which included a total of 1512 women. Most of these studies included women with unexplained infertility. In seven studies the women were undergoing IVF and in two studies they were trying to conceive from sex. The evidence is current to May 2015. Eight trials compared endometrial injury with no intervention or a sham procedure. One trial compared higher degree of endometrium injury with lower degree of intentional endometria injury. The trials also compared endometric surgery with no injury/placebo procedure. When we compared hysteroscopy (a method of examining the lining of the womb) with endometric surgery alone, there was no evidence of a difference in ongoing pregnancy rate or clinical pregnancy rate between the two groups. The quality of the evidence was assessed as low or very low for all outcomes. The main reasons for this were that most included studies were at a high risk of bias and had an overall low level of precision. Further well-conducted RCTs that recruit large numbers of participants and minimise internal bias are required to confirm or refute these findings.
We included four randomised controlled trials (3905 participants) in this review. The studies all evaluated one comparison, which was the use of professional oral care (e.g. dental cleaning and cleaning of teeth) versus usual oral care. We did not pool the results from one study (N = 834 participants) due to lack of a clear difference between the two groups. We were unable to determine whether professional care resulted in a lower rate of pneumonia in nursing home residents. We also did not find enough evidence to say whether or not professional care led to a lower risk of pneumonia-associated death. We found no evidence to show which type of oral care is the most effective in reducing nursing home acquired pneumonia. The quality of the evidence was low or very low, meaning that we are uncertain about the results. The main limitations of the studies were that they were at high risk of bias, which means that the results could be influenced by the way that the study was carried out. The evidence is up-to-date as of September 2018.
This review included five studies with a total of 149 participants. These studies assessed bismuth subsalicylate versus placebo, budesonide (9 mg/day for 6 to 8 weeks), mesalazine (2.4 g/day) plus cholestyramine, beclomet aspartate (5 mg or 10 mg per day) and mesalamide dipropionate (2 g/daily) versus placebo. The studies were judged to be at high risk of bias due to lack of blinding. Budesonide (nine 262 mg tablets daily for 8 weeks versus placebo) was found to be more effective than placebo for induction of clinical and histological response in patients with active lymphocytic colitis. This benefit needs to be confirmed by a large placebo -controlled trial. No adverse events were reported in the budesonides study. Side effects reported in budesonid studies include nausea, vomiting, neck pain, abdominal pain, hyperhidrosis and headache. Nausea and skin rash were reported as side effects in the mesalidine study. No side effects were reported for the beclimetasone dipopionate study. There were no differences in clinical (P=0.10) or histological responses in patients treated with bismUTH subsalcylate compared with placebo (GRADE = very low). Forty-six patients were enrolled in the trial studying beclometric dipropate (10 mg/daily or 5 mg daily) versus mesalamine dipropinate. There was no difference in clinical response or clinical remission at 8 weeks and 12 months of treatment in patients receiving bismuther subsalcyylate. No conclusions can be made regarding the effectiveness or safety of bismothoracilate due to the very small number of patients in the study, Further trials studying interventions for lymphocytic colitis are warranted.
We included 12 randomised controlled trials with a total of 3259 participants. Nine trials compared SMBG with usual care without monitoring, one study compared self-monitoring with SMUG, and one study was a three-arm trial. One study was an open-label trial comparing SMBG and SMUG with the usual care and one trial was a two-armed trial. The intervention duration ranged from 6 months (26 weeks) to 12 months (52 weeks). We found that SMBG can have a small effect on blood glucose control in patients with type 2 diabetes who do not use insulin. This effect is small up to six months of follow-up. However, the effect of SMBG on well-being and quality of life was not found to be significant. There were few data on the effects on diabetes complications. None of the studies reported on morbidity. There was no evidence that the effects of self- monitoring of blood glucose in patients who do use insulin were significant. We conclude that there is no evidence to support or refute the use of SMBg for the control of blood sugar in people with diabetes. There are too few data to determine the impact on patient and health-care provider satisfaction, well being and general health. More research is needed.
Eleven studies involving 471 participants with AsPD were included in this review. Data were available from only five of these studies, which were conducted in the USA. Eleven different psychological interventions were examined. Each of these interventions had been originally developed for people with substance misuse problems. Only two studies reported on reconviction, and only one on aggression. Compared to the control condition, cognitive behaviour therapy (CBT) plus standard maintenance was superior for outpatients with cocaine dependence in one study, but CBT plus treatment as usual was not superior for men with recent verbal/physical violence in another. Contingency management plus maintenance treatment was superior in reducing drug misuse in one of the studies, but not in another, possibly because of differences in the behavioural intervention. However, contingency management was superior to counselling session attendance in the latter. A multi-component intervention utilising motivational interviewing principles, the ‘Driving Whilst Intoxicated program’, plus incarceration, plus a range of other interventions appeared to be superior to incarceration alone for imprisoned drink-driving offenders. Results suggest that there is insufficient trial evidence to justify using any psychological intervention for adults with AsPD. Disappointingly few of the included studies addressed the primary outcomes defined in the review (aggression, reconvictions, global functioning, social functioning, adverse effects). Three interventions (contingency-management with standard maintenance; cognitive Behavioural Therapy with maintenance treatment; and the 'Driving While Intoxication program' with incarceration) appeared effective, compared to the controls, in terms of improvement in at least one outcome in each study. Significant improvements were mainly confined to outcomes related to substance misuse. No study reported significant change in any specific antisocial behaviour. Further research is urgently needed for this prevalent and costly condition.
This updated review included 11 studies. Six studies contributed to one or more analyses related to the common cold, with up to 1047 participants. Five of these studies contributed data on people with acute purulent rhinitis. One study contributed to data on adverse events. There was no evidence that antibiotics were better than placebo in terms of cure or persistency in people with common colds. There were more adverse effects in people taking antibiotics for the common cough. There is no evidence of benefit from the use of antibiotics for persisting acute nose bleeds in people of all ages. There are too few studies to be able to draw any conclusions about the benefits and harms of antibiotics in these conditions. Routine use of these conditions is not recommended.
We included five randomised controlled trials (involving 162 participants) that compared antibiotics (penicillin, rifampicin, ersocinol, and erythromycin) with no treatment. Three of the five trials were conducted in a hospital dermatology department. One study was funded by a drug company. The trials were of very low-quality evidence. None of the trials measured our primary outcome, the time to resolution of psoriasis, or the risk of having at least one relapse. We are uncertain of both the efficacy and safety of the treatments. One trial (N = 43) assessed penicillin (50,000 units per kg/day in three doses) versus no treatment (treatment for 14 days). The other three trials assessed rifampsicin (300 mg twice daily) versus placebo (14-day treatment duration). We found no difference between the two groups in the proportion of participants with clear or almost clear skin. The other two trials (n = 20) did not measure side effects. We found only five trials (162 participants), which assessed the effects of five treatments (systemic antibiotic treatment (pencil, azithromycin, and rifamatin), and no trials (e.g.) assessed tonsillectomy (surgery) or no treatment, with 24-month follow-up. The quality of the results was very low. There was a high risk of bias in the trials, and we are very uncertain about the results.
We identified 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) enrolling 933 participants. Eleven studies tested vitamin D₃, and one study tested a different vitamin D product, vitamin D ₂. Vitamin D had no effect on the risk of relapsing-free MS, worsening of symptoms, or MRI lesions at 52 weeks' follow-up, and there was no evidence that vitamin D had an effect on health-related quality of life, fatigue, or memory loss. One small study (158 participants) found that people taking vitamin D were less tired than those taking a placebo (dummy pill). The other two studies found no effect. Seven studies showed that people who took vitamin D did not have more side effects than those who took placebo. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. The studies were small, and the number of people included in the trials was small. The trials did not report the time to first treated relapse, the percentage of people who were relapse free, cognitive function, or psychological symptoms. We found no evidence to support the use of vitamin D for patient-important outcomes, such as recurrence of MS symptoms, and MRI lesions. The evidence was of very low quality. More research is needed.
We included 62 studies in this review, with 4241 participants. Thirty-six studies used a cross-over design, which means that participants were divided into two groups, one group was treated for one to 15 days, and the other for seven days. Fifteen of these studies compared oral morphine (Mm/r) with morphine immediate release (MIR) (an opioid). Fourteen studies used different strengths (morphine in different strengths) of morphine, and six of these used 24-hour modified release products. Six of the studies were funded by the manufacturer of the drug. The other six studies did not report the source of funding. In the previous update, we wrote to researchers to find other studies. We found seven new studies, but we did not include them in this update. We excluded six, and one study is ongoing so is not included. This review shows that morphine is an effective pain medicine for people with cancer. The effect of morphine on pain is similar to that of other opioids. Morphine is also effective for pain in other types of cancer, and there is some evidence that it is as effective as non-opioids. The review shows the wide range of doses of morphine used in the studies, and that a small percentage of people are not able to take the medicine. The quality of the evidence is poor. Most studies were small, often small, and were largely carried out for registration purposes.
This review included 14 trials, with a total of 1260 participants. The studies compared open surgery versus steroid injections (two studies); percutaneous (in the skin) surgery (five studies); open surgery plus steroid injection (one study); steroid injection plus ultrasound-guided (hyaluronic) acid injection (five trials; one study; one trial; two studies); endoscopic (surgery with a camera to look inside the skin (one trial); and transverse (in one trial); transverse) incision of skin about 2–3 mm distally from distal palmar crease (six months follow-up); and longitudinal incision (in which the skin is cut through the skin to the nerve) of the finger (two trials). The average age of participants ranged from 16 to 88 years; and the majority of participants were women (approximately 70%). The average duration of symptoms ranged from three to 15 months, and the follow up after the procedure ranged from eight weeks to 23 months. Most studies had significant methodological flaws and were considered at high or unclear risk of selection bias, performance bias, detection bias and reporting bias. We are uncertain whether open surgery is more effective than steroid injections in reducing the risk of trigger finger recurrence (recurrence of symptoms) in the first week after treatment, and we are also uncertain whether it is more painful than steroid injection. The evidence was of low or very low quality, mainly due to study design flaws, inconsistency and imprecision. Based on two trials (270 participants) from six up to 12 months of treatment, we are uncertain if open surgery improves the resolution of symptoms compared with steroid injection, because it has the disadvantage of being more painful. We were uncertain whether steroid injection improves the outcome of recurrence of pain on the palm of the hand (one week) compared with open surgery, because 49% more people had pain with steroid injections compared with 33% to 66% more in the open surgery group
This review of three randomised trials, with a total of 931 participants, found that PCV, either before or after RT, appears to improve overall survival (OS) of participants with AO or AOA. However, the use of PCV can cause serious side effects, such as nausea, vomiting, and hair loss. Furthermore, with retrospective evaluation of biomarkers, it was found that codeletion of complete chromosome arms 1p and 19q and IDH-1 or -2 mutation were independent factors for OS in two of the RCTs (RTOG and EORTC), and were predictive for OS for one RCT. The third trial (NOA-04) looked at these biomarkers in the future and found them prognostic for progression-free survival.
We included five trials with a total of 240 children aged one to 18 years with mild to moderate oedema. All trials were performed in specialised sleep medicine clinics at tertiary care centres. Follow-up time ranged from six weeks to four months. Three RCTs (n = 137) compared intranasal steroids against placebo; two trials (n=103) compared a drug called'monteaselukast' (an inhaled corticosteroid) against a fake drug (placebo). We excluded one trial from the meta-analysis, since the patients were not included in the trial. We are uncertain about the difference in AHI (AHI 1 to 30 per hour) between the two groups. In contrast, we are uncertain whether the AHI is different between the children receiving oral montelukast and the placebo group. We also had concerns about the selective reporting of one trial. The certainty of the evidence was low or moderate for AHI, as well as the respiratory arousal index and nadir oxygen saturation. In addition, we were uncertain about other outcomes, such as desaturation index (a measure of how bright the light is in the body), respiratory arousal, and respiratory arousals (the feeling of being awake). We are confident in the results of this review, but we are not sure about the results for other outcomes. The evidence is up to date as of January 2018. The quality of the included studies was moderate or high for the outcomes AHI and respiratory arousal. The overall certainty of evidence was moderate for the outcome of respiratory arousal and high for two other outcomes (respiratory arousals and desaturation). The certainty was low for the other outcomes of AHI. In conclusion, there is insufficient evidence for the use of intranaesal steroids for the treatment of OSA in children; they may have short-term beneficial effects on the desaturation and oxygen saturation in children with mild or moderate OSA
We included six studies in this review. Five studies investigated the prevention of VTE in children with CVCs. Three studies investigated systemic treatments (low molecular weight heparin, antithrombin and/or warfarin), and one study compared one systemic treatment with another. All studies were conducted in paediatric oncology patients. We found no significant effects of systemic treatments in preventing VTE. We did not find any differences in adverse events (blood clots) between study groups. None of the studies reported bleeding episodes. One study provided information on other adverse events: None occurred. The number of children with VTE was low, but this could be due to the low number of included participants. In one study, we found that the addition of LMWH to the usual treatment resulted in a reduction in VTE, but there was no difference in the number of cases of bleeding. We are not able to draw any conclusions from this review because of the small number of studies and participants. We recommend that future studies are designed to be larger and of high quality. We also suggest that further well-designed studies are needed.
This review identified three trials with a total of 287 participants that compared CSFD with controls in patients with TAAA. The first trial of 98 participants found that CSFD reduced the risk of neurological deficits in the lower extremities by 80% when compared to controls. The second trial of 33 participants used CSFD and an intrathecal patch. This trial showed a significant reduction in neurological deficit. In the third trial, CSFD was used to repair TAAA in 145 participants. CSFD did not prevent ischaemic injury to the spine. The third trial found that TAAA repair was performed for 48 hours after surgery. Paraplegia (paraparesis) or paraparcing occurred in 9 of 74 patients (12.2%) in the CSFD group and 2 of 82 (2.7%) patients in the control group. There is limited evidence to support the role of CSFD in the aneurysm repair procedure. Further clinical and experimental studies are indicated.
We included 13 randomised controlled trials, with a total of 662 participants. The evidence is current to August 2015. We found that NB-UVB is ineffective for PPP in clinical practice, and a small RCT did not detect a statistically significant difference between the two treatments for clearing PPP. In people with CPP, the clearance rate between oral PUVA and NB- UVB is inconsistent among the included studies. In three other RCTs of CPP the clearance rates were inconsistent because in one, there was no difference between both groups, and in the other two, there were significant differences between the groups. In one RCT of people with PPP, people with a CPP were not more likely to reach a PASI score of 75 (which means equal to or more than 75% reduction in Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) score) than those with a PPP of 75. In the other three studies, people were not less likely to withdraw from the studies due to side-effects (side effects were not significantly different between either group). The evidence from the comparison of the two types of PUVA was also inconsistent: Pooled data from two left-right body comparison studies found no significant difference in the clearance of PPP between people treated with either oral or topical PUVA, while a parallel RCT favoured bath PUVA. One RCT found there were no significant differences in clearance rates between people who were treated with NB-UVB treated sides and those treated with PUVA treated sides in terms of clearance rate. Two trials found that people with either CPP or GP had similar clearance rates for treatment with either re-NBUVB or PUVA plus retinoid. In conclusion, the evidence for the use of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs for the treatment of people who have CPP is inconsistent and needs to be interpreted with caution. Re-NB-UVBs and re-PU
This review found that biofeedback and electrical stimulation may be more effective than electrical stimulation or exercises alone. There was not enough evidence as to whether there was a difference in outcome between any of these methods. There are suggestions that rectal volume discrimination training (rectal rectal muscle training) improves continence more than sham training. However, this is not certain. There is no evidence to support the use of these treatments for people with faecal leakage. Further research is needed to enable safe conclusions.
The review of trials found that using a urinary catheter versus not using one was more likely to result in recatheterisation. There was no clear difference in the number of people who needed to be recathected. There were no clear differences in the length of time that a catheter was used. The review found that there was no evidence that clamp-and-release policies were better than the use of immediate catheter removal.
This review included 10 studies with a total of 3340 participants. Seven studies compared aripiprazole monotherapy versus placebo (2239 participants); two of these included a third comparison arm—one study used lithium (485 participants) and the other used haloperidol (480 participants). Two of these studies used lithium as an addition to valproate or lithium versus placebo as an adjunctive treatment (754 participants), and one study compared aripeptrazole versus haloperidine (347 participants). The overall risk of bias was unclear. A high dropout rate from most trials (> 20% for each intervention in eight of the trials) may have affected the estimates of relative efficacy. Evidence shows that people taking the drug at three and four weeks were more likely to have manic symptoms than people taking placebo (moderate quality evidence). However, at six weeks, the difference was only modest. People taking ariplegine also had more movement disorders (high quality evidence), with more people requiring treatment with anticholinergic medication (high-quality evidence), and more children/adolescents had a prolactin level that fell below the lower limit of normal (moderate-quality data). The evidence for the comparison of ariplazole with other medicines other than lithium and lithium was of moderate quality. At 12 weeks, people taking haloperideol had significantly more movement disorder symptoms than those taking the medicine ariptazole, but there was no difference between the two medicines in terms of participant-reported akathisia (low quality evidence) and akathismia (moderate or high quality evidence); however, at 12 weeks of treatment, people on haloperacid had significantly less movement disorders than those on aripidrazole. The evidence was limited by the small number of participants in the studies and by the low number of people who dropped out of the studies. Aripluzole is an effective treatment for mania in
We found no randomised controlled trials (RCTs) evaluating antibiotic lock treatments. Two RCTs evaluated urokinase lock treatment with systemic antibiotics (n = 56) versus systemic antibiotics alone. No RCT or CCTs were published on antibiotic lock treatment alone. We found no evidence of any significant difference between the two types of treatments in the number of people cured, number of recurrent CVC-related infections, the length of time it took for the CVC to heal, the time until the blood tests showed negative blood cultures, the need for CVCs to be removed, ICU admission and sepsis. The cohort studies found no adverse events. However, some cohort studies reported CVC malfunctioning. No adverse events occurred in the five publications of the cohort studies (one cohort was included in two publications). We found that there was no evidence that the use of antibiotics or other lock treatments had an effect on CVC function. The studies had methodological limitations. More well-designed studies are needed.
This review looked at the effectiveness of interventions to help people with whiplash. The evidence is current to September 2014. We found 15 randomised controlled trials. Three TPE themes emerged. Advice focusing on activation: There is moderate quality evidence (one trial, 348 participants) that an educational video of advice focusing on intervention was more beneficial for acute whiplASH-related pain when compared with no treatment at intermediate-term but not long-term follow-up. There is low quality evidence from one trial, 102 participants, that an advice pamphlet for people with symptoms of acute pain is less beneficial for pain reduction, or no different in improving function and global perceived improvement from generic information given out in emergency care (control) for people who have had whiplashes. Self-care strategies: There was no evidence of benefit or difference for self-care for pain for acute to chronic neck pain at short-term or long-lasting follow up. Advice on pain & stress coping skills and workplace ergonomics: There were no clear benefits or harms for advice to activate, advice on stress-coping skills, workplace ergonomic skills and self-Care strategies. Self care strategies: One trial, 192 participants, favoured specific exercise training for neck pain. With the exception of one trial (102 participants), this review has not shown effectiveness for educational interventions, including advice on intervention to activate. Future research should be founded on sound adult learning theory and learning skill acquisition. Of the 15 selected trials, three were rated low risk of bias. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to very low.
This Cochrane review aimed to assess the best way to communicate with people at risk of CJD or vCJD. No studies met the inclusion criteria for this review. In total, 49 studies and pieces of literature were included. The thematic synthesis shows that communication may be considered as part of a multi-faceted programme that aims to improve the way in which people are contacted, support them and respond to their needs. It shows that it is important for communication to be tailored to the individual and to be responsive to the person's needs, and that it needs to be supported by a range of activities. It also shows that people who do not use their communication skills properly may be disadvantaged in accessing health care. There is not enough evidence to determine the effects of interventions to warn people at CJD of their CJD risk, or to support them subsequently. This review shows that there is a need for more research in this area. The results of this review can be used to inform policy and practice.
We found one randomised clinical trial (N = 304 randomised; 204 completed; 276 analysed) that evaluated opioids (prolonged-release oxycodone/naloxone) for treating RLS. After 12 weeks, RLS symptoms had improved more in the drug group than in the placebo group. More patients were drug responders (i.e. those who responded to treatment with opioids) and more were remitters (people who receive the drug but not the placebo). Quality of life scores also improved more with the drugs. Quality of sleep was improved more by the drugs than by the placebo. There was no difference between groups for daytime somnolence, difficulty staying awake during the day, or naps. More side effects were reported with the drug compared with placebo. The major side effects reported were stomach problems, tiredness, and headache. Opioids seem to be effective for RLS, but there are not enough data regarding side effects. This conclusion is based on one small study with a high dropout rate. The quality of the evidence was low. More research is needed.
Fifteen trials, involving 1022 adults, were included in this review. All trials compared external fixation versus plaster cast immobilisation. The trials varied in terms of patient characteristics and treatments. There was some evidence to support the use of external fixation for dorsally displaced fractures of the distal radius. Although there is not enough evidence to confirm a better functional outcome for the external fixation group, there is some evidence that external fixation reduces the risk of redisplacement, improves the appearance of the fracture, and prevents late collapse and malunion. There were some complications, such as pin-track infection, but most of these were minor.
We found five randomised controlled studies (involving 1127 patients) that compared early removal of the stent with late removal. The evidence is current to September 2014. The review found that early removal (before the stents are removed) of the ureteric stents may reduce the incidence of UTI, but it is uncertain if there is a higher risk of MUC. The incidence of Muc was also reduced in the early stent removal group. This possible reduction in the UTI incidence was only apparent if a BI stent was used. However, if an externalised PU stent is used there was no discernible difference in UTI between the early and late removal of stents. Data on health economics and quality of life outcomes were lacking.
We included five studies that evaluated three comparisons. Four studies compared crowns with fillings. Two of them compared conventional PMCs with open sandwich restorations, and two compared PMCs fitted with the Hall Technique with non-restorative tooth decay treatment. One of these studies included a third arm, which allowed us to compare the two groups. In the two studies using crowns fitted by the conventional method, all teeth had undergone pulpotomy (removal of the gum) before the crown was placed. One study compared two types of crowns: PMCs (fitted using the Hall technique) versus aesthetic stainless steel crowns (white veneers). No RCT evidence was found that compared different ways of fitting a metal crown (i.e. using a metal plate with white veneer). The quality of the evidence for crowns versus fillings was very low. We found that the risk of major failure or pain was lower in the long term for the crown group. Similarly, there was a lower risk of pain at the time of treatment for the PMCs group. The risk of gingival bleeding was lower when crowns were fitted using the 'Hall technique' than for fillings, but we are uncertain whether there is a difference in the risk when using a crowns rather than fillings in the short term or long term. It is uncertain if there is an important difference in risk of bleeding of the gums between the two treatment groups. There were no RCTs that compared the use of a crown fitted with a toothpaste versus filling. There are no trials that compare crowns fitting using a method other than the Hall Techniques. The evidence is up to date as of September 2014.
This review included 28 studies involving 788 children and adults with cystic fibrosis. These studies compared PEP to ACBT, autogenic drainage (AD), oral oscillating PEP devices, chest wall oscillation (HFCWO) and BiPaP. Most studies were cross-over in design. In 22 of the 28 studies, the PEP technique was performed using a mask. In three studies a mouthpiece was used, and in three studies it was unclear whether a mask was used. In the other studies, PEP was used with nose clips. The evidence is current to September 2015. The studies were conducted in a variety of countries and used different methods of airway clearance. The results of the studies varied in terms of the type of PEP used, the duration of treatment and the type and duration of the treatments. The quality of the evidence provided by this review is variable, but suggests that all techniques and devices described may have a place in the clinical treatment of people with CF. It is important to note that airway clearing techniques should be individualised throughout life according to developmental stages, patient preferences, pulmonary symptoms and lung function. This also applies as conditions vary between baseline function and pulmonary exacerbations. The overall quality of evidence was variable. Many studies had a risk of bias as they did not report how the randomisation sequence was either generated or concealed. Most of the included studies reported the number of dropouts and also reported on all planned outcome measures.
This review included four studies involving 1485 participants with Crohn's disease. All participants were adults over 18 years of age. One study was identified as high risk of bias due to the use of a placebo (a fake drug) and the other two studies were judged to be at low risk. CZP (100 mg to 400 mg every 2 to 4 weeks) was shown to be superior to placebo for achieving clinical remission and clinical response at week 8 in participants with active Crohn’s disease. The quality of the evidence was rated as moderate for achieving remission and achieving clinical response and as low for serious side effects. Serious side effects were observed in 8.7% (73/835) and 6.2% (40/650) of participants in the CzP and the placebo groups, respectively. Serious adverse events included worsening Crohn't disease, infections, and malignancy. It is uncertain whether the risk of serious side events differs between CZPs and placebo as the 95% confidence interval (CI) includes the possibility of a small decrease or doubling of events. Future studies are needed to evaluate the long-term efficacy and safety of CZp in CD patients.
We searched scientific databases for clinical trials of drugs to treat heart failure and CKD. We found 112 studies, of which 15 were studies of adults with CKD; 16 studies were conducted in the general population, but provided subgroup data for people with heart failure. 81 studies included CKD patients, but data for this subgroup were not provided. Of the 31 studies (23,762 patients) with data on CKD, follow-up ranged from three months to five years. In total, 26 studies (19,612 patients) reported at least one outcome of interest for our review. In acute heart failure, we could not draw any conclusions on the effects of adenosine A1-receptor antagonists (ACEi), dopamine, or serelaxin on death, hospitalisations, worsening of heart failure or kidney function, hyperkalaemia, low blood pressure, or quality of life. We were unable to estimate the effect of sinus node inhibitors (a drug that blocks blood flow to the heart) on the risk of high blood pressure. We could not assess the effect on hospital admissions for heart failure in patients with heart disease. We did not find evidence for the effects on death (from any cause) or hospital admissions in people with chronic CKD and heart failure who received a beta-blocker. The effects of ACEi or ARB, or the aldosterone antagonists, or angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors (ARB) on adverse events, such as death (any cause) were uncertain. Treatment with ACEi and ARB may have reduced the risk that people would need to be admitted to the hospital. The risk of adverse events was unclear. We judged the certainty of evidence to be low or very low for all outcomes. This was due to the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants. The certainty of the evidence was very low or low for most outcomes. The evidence is up-to-date as of
This review included three studies involving a total of 1945 women. No serious complications were reported in the trials and no babies died. The review found no differences between the two types of tocodynamometry for any of the maternal or newborn outcomes. The risk of instrumental delivery, including caesarean section, ventouse and forceps extraction, was not different between groups. There was also no difference in the risk of high blood pressure (hypotension) between the groups. The studies were of moderate quality. There is not enough evidence to recommend the use of one form of monitoring for induction or augmentation of labour over another. More research is needed.
We included two trials involving 54 participants with chronic venous disease. Both trials were conducted in the USA. One study reported no difference between the exercise and control groups whereas the second reported a reduction in symptoms in the exercise group. The intensity of disease signs and symptoms was measured in both studies but using different scales; we were therefore unable to pool the data. In one study, increases in change in ejection fraction compared with baseline (mean difference (MD) 4.88%, 95% confidence interval (CI) 3.16 to 6.60; 30 participants; P < 0.00001) and half venous refilling time (MD 4.20 seconds, 95% CI 3.28 to 5.12; 23 participants) and total venous filling time were observed. In the second study, an increase in the change in the half-venous filling rate (MD 9.40 seconds compared with MD 7.77 to 11.03) was observed in the group of participants who did exercise compared with the control group. There was no difference in quality of life or ankle range of motion between the two groups. Although muscle strength assessed by dynamometry at slow speed did not differ between the groups in this study, muscle strength at fast speed was lower. The incidence of venous leg ulcers, incidence of surgical intervention to treat symptoms related to CVI and exercise capacity were not assessed or reported in either of the included trials. We rated both included studies as at high risk of bias; hence, these data should be interpreted carefully. Due to the small number of studies and small sample size, we were not able to verify indirectness and publication bias. Therefore, we judged the overall quality of evidence as very low according to the GRADE approach. There is currently insufficient evidence available to assess the efficacy of physical exercise in people with CVI. Future research should consider types of exercise protocols (intensity, frequency and time), sample size and blinding and homogeneity according to
This review of randomized controlled trials found that viscosupplementation is an effective treatment for OA of the knee. It is important to note that the results of this review should be interpreted with caution due to the small number of trials that have been conducted and the small sample size of these trials. Based on these analyses, we found that the HA class of products are as effective as other forms of active treatment for knee OA. In some analyses, HA products were comparable in efficacy to nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory (NSAIDs) drugs, with more local side effects but few systemic side effects. In other analyses, the HA group had more prolonged effects than IA corticosteroids. Overall, the analyses support the use of HA products in the treatment of OA in general. However, there are too few trials to be able to draw conclusions regarding the relative value of the different products.
We included 10 randomised clinical trials with a total of 4052 participants. Four trials (1881 participants) compared misoprostol with placebo (a pretend drug) given in addition to uterotonics. The review of trials found that the addition of the drug to the uterotonic drugs did not improve outcomes for women with primary PPH. The use of the drugs combined with the uterotonic drugs was as effective as the use of a dummy drug, but the dose of 600 to 1000 mcg was too small to be of benefit. We found that women given sublingual (under the skin, in the arm or the thigh) misuprostol were more likely to have blood loss of at least 1000 mL, and they had more nausea and shivering. Two trials (1787 women) compared 800 mcg (sublingual) sublingually injected oxytocin with placebo. One trial included women who had received prophylactic drugs to prevent PPH, and the other did not. We did not find any trials that compared surgical techniques or radiological treatments for women who failed to respond to the drugs. The role of tranexamic acid and lower segment compression in the treatment of PPH is not yet known. More research is needed in this area. The trials included in the current review were not large enough to assess impact on the primary outcomes of this review.
This review found six trials that compared short-term cysteine supplementation with no supplementation in preterm neonates. The majority of these trials were preterm. Five small trials evaluated the use of cysteines to supplement PN. One large, multi-centre trial evaluated the addition of N-acetylcysteine supplements to PN for preterm infants. The evidence is current to September 2014. The review found that routine supplementation of PN with cysteins improves nitrogen balance. However, there is insufficient evidence to assess the risks of taking cystein supplements, especially regarding metabolic acidosis, which has been reported during the first two weeks of administration. Available evidence from a large RCT trial does not support routine supplementation with N- acetylcyteine supplements for cyst-containing PN in extremely low birth weight infants (1000 grams or less).
We found 77 randomised clinical trials including 6287 participants. Forty-one trials provided information for one or more outcomes. Thirty-five trials (3829 participants) included only participants with NAFLD. Five trials included only people with non-alcoholic steatohepatitis, and 14 trials included people with diabetes. The trials lasted from one month to 24 months. We found no evidence of a difference in the number of people who died at maximal follow-up, the proportion of people with serious adverse events, or the risk of serious side effects between people who received active treatment versus people who did not receive active treatment. The evidence is up to date as of March 2018. The quality of the evidence was very low. We are very uncertain about the effectiveness of pharmacological treatments for people withNAFLD including those with steato hepatitis. Due to the very low quality of evidence, we are uncertain whether pharmacological treatment is effective for people who have NAFLC. Further well-designed randomised trials with sufficiently large sample sizes are necessary. Source of funding Twenty-six trials were partially- or fully-funded by pharmaceutical companies that would benefit, based on the results of the trial. Twelve trials did not provide any additional funding or were funded by parties with no vested interest in the results. The source of funding was not provided in 39 trials.
We included 15 studies with 1282 participants with MCI at baseline in this review. Of these, 1172 had relevant data for analysis; 430 participants had dementia, and 130 had other forms of dementia. The studies lasted from one to three years. The CSF t-tau test was evaluated in seven studies (291 cases and 418 non-cases). The sensitivity values ranged from 51% to 90% while the specificity values were 48% to 88%. At the median specificity of 72%, the estimated sensitivity was 75%, 75% (95% CI 67 to 85), and the positive likelihood ratio (2.72) was 2.72. At 6 studies (164 cases and 328 non- cases) the accuracy of the CSF p- tau was evaluated. The sensitivity was between 40% and 100%, while the specificities were between 22% and 86%. The sensitivities were 81% and 95% respectively. Five studies (140 cases and 293 non-case) were evaluated for the accuracy and found that CSF tests were more accurate than other tests for detecting dementia. We did not conduct a meta-analysis because the studies were few and small. Only one of 15 studies reported the accuracy (by chance) of CSF test of CS-t Tau/ABBA ratio. We found that these tests, like other tests which have been subject to Cochrane DTA reviews, appear to be better than specificity, and therefore might be more useful in ruling out the presence of dementia as the cause of the person’s apparent cognitive impairment, as opposed to ‘ruling it in’. However, these tests may be of limited clinical value. The quality of the evidence was poor. The main reasons for this were poor study design, poor reporting, and unclear risk of bias. We were not able to formally assess the effect of each source of heterogeneity as planned, due to the small number of studies available to be included.
We included three studies involving 170 participants. All included participants were male and were undergoing a radical radical prostatectomy. The men were between 50 and 75 years of age and met the criteria for a physical classification of 'Physician's physical classification scores' (ASA). We found one ongoing trial. We found that propofol may reduce nausea and vomiting (PONV) after RALRP (one to six hours) in the short term (one-to-six hours), but there was no difference in postoperative pain (MD -1.70, 95% CI -2.59 to -0.81) in one study. We also found low-quality evidence showing no difference between the two anaesthetics (MD 2.20, 95%, CI 10.62 to 6.22; P = 0.61) in a sample of 62 men from one study, but this was based on a small number of participants. Propofol was found to be more effective than sevoflurane in reducing PONV (MD 3.90, 95 % CI -6.34 to -1). However, it is unclear whether this translates directly to clinical avoidance of ocular complications during surgery. No studies addressed the secondary outcomes of adverse effects, all-cause mortality, respiratory or circulatory complications, cognitive dysfunction, length of stay or costs. Overall the quality of evidence was low to very low, as all studies were small, single-centre trials providing unclear descriptions of methods. It is unclear which anaesthetic technique is superior - TIVA or inhalational - for transabdominal robotic assisted surgery in urology, gynaecology and gastroenterology, as existing evidence is scarce, is of low quality and has been generated from exclusively male patients undergoing robotic radical prostateectomy. An ongoing trial, which includes participants of both genders with a focus on quality of recovery, might have an impact on future evidence related to this
We included 14 studies in this review, with 1,601,515 study participants. Most studies found no causal associations between maternal use of corticosteroids of any potency, and pregnancy outcomes. The evidence is current to September 2016. We found no evidence that the use of topical steroids increased the risk of low birth weight, congenital abnormalities, preterm delivery, foetal death, or low Apgar score. Maternal use of mild to moderate potency topical steroids was associated with a decreased risk of the baby dying during pregnancy, but we did not observe this effect when potent to very potent topical steroids were given during pregnancy. The results from three of the individual studies in the meta-analysis indicated that there was an increased risk of high birth weight in women who received potent to moderate strength topical steroids. We rated the quality of the evidence as low or very low because of imprecision in the results of the studies and inconsistency in the number of babies that died.
We found four randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are randomly assigned to one of two or more treatment groups) that met the inclusion criteria of this review. The total number of participants in these trials was 611 (612 eyes). The trials had follow-up periods ranging from two months to one year. All trials compared the treatment of bacterial keratitis with a topical corticosteroid (topical steroids) or a placebo (dummy treatment) and with no treatment. The trials were carried out in USA, Canada, India, and South Africa. One of the three smaller trials was a pilot study of the largest study: the Steroids for Corneal Ulcers Trial. The trial found that time to re-epithelialization was 53% slower in the steroid group than in the placebo group, but did not find a difference in the time needed to close the cornea. For adverse events, none of the trials found any difference between the two groups. One trial reported that more people in the control group developed IOP (eye pressure) and quality of life, but there was no difference between groups. We found no reports regarding costs. The four trials were generally of good quality, but all were small and had losses of 10% or more. There is not enough evidence as to the effectiveness and safety of the use of steroids compared with no steroid treatment in the treatment and prevention of eye problems. Further, three of the four trials had small sample sizes and were too small to detect treatment effect differences between groups, which meant that we could not combine their results.
We included four trials with 450 participants in this review. Three trials compared intravenous thrombolytic treatment with percutaneous venous therapy. We found no evidence from these trials to show that percutaneously administered venous treatment is superior to intravenous treatment for ischaemic stroke. At the end of treatment, there was no difference in the proportion of participants who died. The quality of the evidence was low. We did not find any evidence to show any difference in function between the groups. There was no evidence to suggest that intravenous and percutanical interventions are more effective than each other in terms of functional outcome. We judged the quality of evidence to be low for all outcomes. The evidence is up to date as of February 2015. New trials with adequate sample sizes are warranted because of the rapid development of new techniques and devices for such interventions.
We included one study, which involved 120 families and 143 children. The study was conducted in high-income countries. The evidence is current to September 2014. The children in the study were aged from one month to five years and were divided into two groups: one group received care at home, and the other group received day care at a special day care centre. In the control group, care was provided separately from the care being offered within the intervention. The trial did not provide any evidence that centre-based day care, rather than no treatment (care at home), improved or worsened children's cognitive ability or psychosocial development. No other measures of child intellectual or psychological development were reported in the included study. Moreover, no evidence indicated that centre care improved employment of parents, as measured by the number of mothers in full-time or part-time employment and maternal hours per week in paid employment or household income above £200 per week. This study did not report on long-term outcomes for children (high-school completion or income). This review includes one study that provides inconclusive evidence as regards the effects of day care for children younger than five years of age and their families. The quality of the evidence was very low because of the small number of children included in the trial and the fact that it was not designed to provide robust guidance for parents, policymakers and other stakeholders on day care. Some trials included co-interventions that are unlikely to be found in normal day care centres. We need more studies of day-care arrangements that provide special attention to children from low-income families while exploring possible mechanisms of effect. Comparisons might include home visits or alternative day care arrangements.
This systematic review of 30 scoring indices found that none of the currently available scoring indices have been fully validated. The Nancy and the Robarts Histopathology Index, two of the most validated, have undergone some form of validation. However, none of these two indices have yet to be fully tested. In order to determine the optimal endpoint for histologic healing in UC, more research is required.
We included three randomised trials that compared nailing versus plating in 213 participants. The evidence is current to September 2014. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK and Australia. The studies were conducted between 1991 and 2013 and involved 173 participants. There were no trials comparing surgery with non-surgical treatment. The mean age of participants in individual studies ranged from 41 to 44 years. The three included trials were at high risk of bias, with one trial also being at risk of selection, detection and attrition bias. Overall, the quality of the evidence was rated as very low for all outcomes, meaning that we are very unsure about the results. Although the pooled results of three different measures of foot and ankle function indicated a small difference in favour of nailing (standard mean difference 0.28, 95% confidence interval -0.02 to 0.59; 172 participants, 3 trials), the results of individual trials indicated that this was very unlikely to be a clinically important difference. Pooled data (173 participants) for the need for reoperation or substantive physiotherapy for adverse events favoured nailing, but included the possibility of a better outcome after plating. Based on an illustrative risk of 100 re-operations for adverse outcomes within one year of plate fixation in 1000 people with these fractures, 63 fewer (95% CI 88 fewer to 12 more) people per 1000 would have to have reoperations after nailing. Similarly pooled data for the symptomatic nonunion or malunion, wound complications and fracture union favoured plating, but the results were inconclusive. Evidence from one trial (85 participants) showed no important difference in pain between the two groups. The available evidence, which is of very low quality, found no clinically important differences in function or pain, and did not confirm a difference in the risk for re-operation or risk of complications between nailing and plate fixation. Overall there is either no or insufficient evidence to draw definitive conclusions on the use of
We included 11 studies involving 38,742 participants. Eight studies compared BPLD versus placebo or no treatment (35,110 participants), and three studies compared different systolic blood pressure goals (3632 participants). The risk of bias varied greatly. The pooled risk ratio (RR) for recurrent stroke was 0.81 (95% CI 0.70 to 0.93; 8 RCTs; 35,110 people). We mainly observed a reduced risk of recurrent stroke in the subgroup of people using an ACE inhibitor (ACE inhibitor) or a diuretic (72.1% versus 72.1%). The pooled RR of intensive blood pressure lowering (i.e. blood pressure-lowering therapy) for people with stroke or TIA was 1.58 (95%) (95%, CI 1.63 to 1.00), and the pooled RR for major vascular event 0.90 (95%), and for dementia 0.88 (95%). The evidence is current to August 2015. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to high.
This review of four randomized controlled trials (lasting 4 to 26 weeks) found that the use of B-sitosterols, a non-glucosidic B-dilute, improved urinary symptoms and blood flow. However, the results of this review are not conclusive. The results of one trial (WA184) show that men taking 100% WA184 had better flow of urine than those taking placebo. The trial did not show that B-shetosterols reduced prostate size. The trials did not find that men who took these drugs were more likely to stop taking them. More research is needed to determine the effects of these drugs on prostate size and long-term side effects.
This review includes 26 trials comparing salmeterol to placebo or salbutamol, and eight trials comparing with salbutamate. These included 62,815 people with asthma. We found no significant increase in the risk of death or asthma-related serious side effects in people taking the inhaled corticosteroids. There was an increase in non-fatal and fatal side effects when people taking salmetamol were compared to people taking placebo. There is not enough evidence to be sure whether the risk in children is higher or lower. There were too few children in the trials to be able to assess whether there is an increase or decrease in the chance of asthma- related death. We have found an increased risk of side effects with regular salmeterole compared to placebo. In addition, we have found a clear increase in risk of deaths in people who are not using inhaled steroids in the two large studies that we included. We cannot be sure if there is a difference in the number of people who die from an asthma attack in the group of people taking an inhaled steroid. We do not know if the risk is higher in people not taking an inhaler. The risk of asthma attacks in children remains unclear due to the small number of children studied.
This review found no evidence from randomised controlled trials that postnatal thyroid hormone treatment reduces the severity of breathing problems in preterm infants. There is also no evidence that thyroid hormones reduce the need for mechanical ventilation, neonatal illness or death.
We included 38 randomised controlled trials with a total of 1828 participants. The analyses found that non-absorbable disaccharides may be associated with a beneficial effect on mortality compared with placebo/no intervention. We also found that these drugs can help to reduce serious side effects associated with the underlying liver disease, including liver failure (liver failure, liver damage, and bleeding), but we were not able to include the data in an overall meta-analyses. We found no evidence that lactulose or lactitol are better than lactaecan for the prevention or treatment of hepatic encephalopathy. The review found no differences between lactulaose and lactitol for the remaining outcomes. The quality of the evidence was moderate for mortality, and very low for quality of life.
This review included 65 studies (involving 3598 participants). The evidence is current to January 2019. Forty-three studies evaluated bone density or bone-related biomarkers, with more recent studies evaluating proteinuria and hyperparathyroidism. Bisphosphonate therapy was usually commenced in the perioperative transplantation period (within 3 weeks) and regardless of BMD. Median duration of follow-up was 12 months. Studies were not designed to measure treatment effects on fracture, death or cardiovascular outcomes, or graft loss. Compared to placebo (a dummy treatment) over 12 months in transplant recipients, bisphosphoneate therapy may prevent fracture (low certainty evidence) although the 95% confidence interval (CI) included the possibility that treatment might make little or no difference. It was uncertain whether any other drug class decreased fracture (very low certainty evidence). It was also uncertain whether interventions for bone disease in kidney transplantation reduce all-cause or cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction or stroke, and graft loss in very low certainty (low or very low) evidence (very uncertain) evidence. It is uncertain whether other bone treatments prevent other skeletal complications, including spinal deformity or avascular bone necrosis (a disease of the bone caused by damage to the bone that leads to the blood vessels supplying blood to the body). It is very uncertain whether vitamin D compounds have any effect on skeletal, cardiovascular, death, or transplant function outcomes. Evidence for the benefits and harms of all other treatments was of very low or low certainty. The effects of bone treatment for children and adolescents after kidney transplantations are very uncertain. The certainty of the evidence was very low for fracture and bone pain, while it was very uncertain for spinal deformities and avascular disease. The evidence for the other outcomes was of low certainty for all other outcomes.
This review identified four trials involving 317 people. Three trials studied oral magnesium, with doses ranging from 12.5 mmol/day to 20 mmol/d. One trial studied parenteral magnesium (16.24 mEq q6h for 24 hours). There was significant clinical and methodological variation between trials. We found no study that measured all of the identified outcomes and met the objectives of this review. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether there is any benefit or harm from magnesium in the treatment of people with alcohol withdrawal syndrome.
We included 15 trials involving 3057 participants in this review. Of the 15 included trials, 10 appeared in our 2012 review, and five are legacy trials from merging two reviews. No new studies were included from searches for this update. The quality of the evidence was high for all outcomes. Antibiotics can shorten the time to cure, but only 5 to 11 more people per 100 will be cured faster if they receive antibiotics. Five fewer people in 100 will experience clinical failure if they take antibiotics. The number needed to treat for an additional outcome (NNTB) was 19, which was the same as in the control group. Cure rates were higher for people with a fluid level or total ooze in any sinus. Purulent secretion resolved faster with antibiotics. However, 13 more people experienced side effects (NNTTH) than with placebo or no treatment. One case of brain abscess occurred in one participant (of 3057) one week after taking open antibiotic therapy. The overall risk of bias was low.
The review of trials found that D2 lymphadenectomy can improve DSS in patients with tumour-free survival (DFS) compared to D1 (dummy) lymph node dissection. However, the risk of death from any cause after the operation is higher. The quality of the evidence was moderate, due to the small number of trials and the high risk of postoperative deaths.
This review of 13 randomised controlled trials, involving a total of 1158 participants, found that oral naltrexone did not perform better than treatment with placebo or no pharmacological agents with respect to the number of participants re-incarcerated during the study period. However, the percentage of people retained in treatment in the included studies is however low (28%). The conclusion of this review is that the studies conducted have not allowed an adequate evaluation of oral treatment of opioid dependence in the field of maintenance maintenance therapy.
We included two studies that examined the effects of thickening fluids. Both were part of the same large multicentre trial and included people with dementia. The first study, a cross-over trial, investigated the immediate effects on aspiration of two viscosities of fluids (nectar thick and honey thick) compared to regular liquids. The second trial, a parallel designed RCT, compared the effect of thickened fluids (nectar and honey) with a chin down head posture. Both trials were funded by the manufacturer of the study. There were no trials on the use of food. The evidence is current to September 2015. Both studies reported pneumonia and adverse intervention effects. Honey thick liquids, which are more consistent with descriptors for'spoon thick' or 'extremely thick' liquids, showed a more positive impact on immediate elimination of aspiration during videofluoroscopy, but this consistency showed more adverse effects in the second follow-up study. During the second three-month follow- up trial, there were a greater number of incidents of pneumonia in participants receiving honey thick liquids than those receiving nectar thick liquids or taking regular liquids with a head down posture. Neither trial addressed quality of life. The overall quality of evidence for outcomes in this review is low. We are uncertain about the immediate and long-term effects of modifying the consistency of fluid for swallowing difficulties in dementia as too few studies have been completed. There may be differences in outcomes depending on the grade of thickness of fluids and the sequence of interventions trialled in videofluooscopy. Clinicians should be aware that while thickening fluid may have an immediate positive effect on swallowing, the effects on the health of the person with dementia should be considered. Further high-quality clinical trials are required. Risk of bias for both studies is high.
We found six randomised controlled trials with a total of 788 women. These trials compared natural cycle IVF with standard IVF. The largest trial included 396 women eligible for this review. There was no evidence of a statistically significant difference in live birth rate between the two treatments. The evidence suggests that for a woman with 53% chance of live birth using IVF, the chance would range from 34% to 53%. Findings for OHSS, clinical pregnancy, ongoing pregnancy, multiple pregnancy, and gestational abnormalities were not statistically significant. Findings on treatment costs were inconsistent. One trial reported that the oocyte retrieval rate was lower in the natural cycle group. There were insufficient data to draw any conclusions about rates of treatment cancellation. The quality of the evidence was very low or low for all outcomes. More research is needed to assess the effects of IVF on live birth, treatment costs and adverse effects.
We included a total of 984 participants from 12 studies (23 references) in this review. We included only those involved in Tai Chi and the control group (i.e. 811 participants) in the final analysis. Study sample size ranged from 10 to 206, and mean age ranged from 61 to 74 years. Programmes last for six weeks to one year. All included studies were randomised controlled trials (RCTs). Three studies used a concealment approach to statistical analysis, six reported blinded outcome assessors, and three studies adopted an intention-to-treat approach. No adverse events were reported. Tai Chi was compared with usual care, breathing exercise or exercise alone, Tai Chi in addition to other interventions, and Tai Chi plus exercise versus breathing exercise alone. We found that people with COPD who did Tai Chi had a longer six-minute walk distance (mean difference (MD) 29.64 metres) and better lung function (MD 0.11 L) in post-programme data. However, the effects of Tai Chi on dyspnoea level and on quality of life remain inconclusive. We did not find evidence that Tai Chi improved symptoms nor on physical and mental function. No side effects were reported, and no adverse events occurred. The evidence of very low to moderate quality suggests that people who practised Tai Chi were more likely to walk further than people who did usual care. The quality of the evidence was downgraded because of the small number of studies and participants.
We included 72 randomised controlled trials that involved 2470 participants. This review includes 35 new studies in addition to the studies that we found in the previous version of this review. The studies varied in terms of both the goals of treatment and the virtual reality device used. The risk of bias in many of the studies was unclear. We found that the use of virtual reality was not more effective in improving upper limb function than usual care. There was a trend suggesting that higher dose (more than 15 hours of therapy) was preferable, as were more complex virtual reality programs. We were unable to pool results for cognitive function, participation restriction, or quality-of life. The quality of the evidence was mostly low due to the small number of studies and small sample sizes. There were few adverse events and those reported were mostly mild. We concluded that virtual reality may be beneficial when used as an adjunct to usual care (to increase therapy time). However, there was not enough evidence to reach a conclusion about the effect on gait speed, balance, participation, and quality of life.
We found five randomised controlled trials (1330 participants) that tested the addition of fluoroquinolones to the standard first-line treatment for drug-sensitive TB. Three of these trials (723 participants) added fluoroquins to standard regimens. One trial (174 participants) used levofloxacin as the first drug in the standard drug regimen. No trials reported on treatment failure or relapse. We are uncertain if the addition or substitution of fluonequinolone drugs with ethambutol or isoniazid reduces death or relapse, or increases sputum culture conversion at eight weeks. We do not know if there is an effect (very low quality evidence for all three outcomes). Three trials with 723 participants used fluonequins with moxifloxcin, gatifloxin, and ofloxacidin into the standard treatment regimen. For relapse, we are also uncertain if there are any differences between the two groups. No trial reported treatment failure. Fluoroquinoleines in four month regimens Six trials are currently in progress testing shorter regimens of four months or less. There is insufficient evidence to be clear whether addition or replacement of fluoquinolons with ethamabutol and isoniaZid in the first treatment regimen reduces death and relapse. There are too few trials to be able to draw any conclusions about the effects of adding or replacing fluoroequins with fluonezid in drug-resistant TB. More trials with longer regimens are needed. The quality of the evidence was very low or low for all outcomes. This means that we cannot be certain about the results of the trials.
