This review of 38 studies found that providing asthma education to children and their carers in the acute phase of an asthma flare-up can reduce the risk of future emergency department visits and admission to the hospital. There was no clear evidence that the education had any long-term effect on other markers of asthma morbidity, such as lung function.
We included 130 studies with 8341 participants. The evidence is current to August 2018. We did not stratify the main analysis by type of surgery or any other factor, such as dose or timing of ketamine administration, and used a non-stratified analysis. We found that intravenous ketamine reduced pain at rest and pain during movement by 5/100 mm on a visual analogue scale (high-quality evidence), and by 22% on the same scale at 48 hours (high quality evidence). Pain during movement was reduced by 16% on a scale of 0-100 mm (moderate quality evidence) and by 14% on an 8-point scale (moderate-quality (evidence) (evidence). We found evidence that ketamine reduces postoperative nausea and vomiting from 27% with placebo to 23% with ketamine. We downgraded the quality of the evidence once if numbers of participants were large but small-study effects were present, or twice if numbers were small and small-studies effects likely but testing not possible. The quality of evidence was generally low or uncertain, except for study size; most had fewer than 50 participants per treatment arm, resulting in high heterogeneity, as expected, for most analyses. The number needed to treat to prevent one episode of postoperative pain and nausea was low. Ketamine increased the time for the first postoperative analgesic request by 54 minutes (low quality evidence), compared with placebo (moderate evidence). Ketamine reduced the area of pain after the operation by 7 cm² (very low quality evidence); we downgraded this to moderate quality evidence because of small study effects or because the number of participants was below 400. Overall, 187/3614 (5%) participants receiving ketamine and 122/2924 (4%) receiving control treatment experienced an adverse event. The risk of adverse events was low or very low for most outcomes.
This review found five trials of MSP/RESA vaccine with 217 participants. All five reported on safety, and two on efficacy. No severe or systemic adverse effects were reported. One small efficacy trial with 17 non-immune participants showed no reduction or delay in parasite growth rates after an artificial challenge. In the second efficacy trial, with 120 children aged five to nine years in Papua New Guinea, the number of children with clinical malaria was not reduced, but MSP or RESA significantly reduced the parasite density. Infections with MSP2 (the subtype of the parasite) were reduced, while those with FC27 (the other main subtype) were not. In summary, the MSP and RESA (Combination B) vaccine shows promise as a way to reduce the severity of malaria episodes, but the vaccine is MSP 2 variant-specific. The results show that blood-stage vaccines may play a role, and merit further development.
This review identified four studies, which involved 125 participants. Three studies evaluated the effects of pulsed electromagnetic fields, one study, capacitive coupled electric fields, and one study used a combination of both. The results of the four studies were inconclusive. There was no reduction in pain found in two trials. One study reported two side effects. More research is needed.
This review included 12 randomised clinical trials with a total of 1831 participants. Nine trials included patients undergoing elective laparoscopic cholecystectomies. One trial included patients having an emergency laparoscopy for acute cholecochlearitis. The average age of participants in the trials ranged between 48 years and 63 years in the 10 trials that provided this information. The proportion of females ranged between 55.0% and 79.0%. There was no significant difference between the drain group (1/840) and the 'no drain' group (2/841) in short-term mortality in the ten trials with 1681 participants reporting on this outcome. There were no significant differences in the number of patients who developed serious adverse events in each group reported by eight trials with 1286 participants. There was a significant difference in the length of hospital stay between the two groups (five trials; 449 participants). The operating time was significantly longer in the 'drain' group than in the no drain group. The quality of life of the participants was no different between the groups (one trial; 93 participants). There was not significant difference for the return to normal activity and return to work between the participants in one trial involving 100 participants. This trial did not provide any information from which the standard deviation could be imputed and so the confidence intervals could not be calculated for these outcomes. There is currently no evidence to support the routine use of drain after laparoscope cholcystectomy. Further well designed randomised trials are necessary.
This review of trials found no evidence to support the objective use of Chinese herbal medicines for the treatment of peripheral neuropathy. Most of the trials were of very low quality. There was no evidence that any of the included Chinese herbs were safe or effective in terms of side effects.
This review included five randomized controlled trials involving 1382 patients. All the included studies had relatively small numbers of patients, were of short duration, and did not assess disease-specific survival. Only one study (N = 77) evaluated the effect of IAS on biochemical progression. A subgroup analysis found no significant difference in biochemical growth between IAS and CAS. For patients with a Gleason score of 6 or higher, the IAS group had a lower risk of biochemical growth. One trial (43 patients) found no difference in adverse effects (gastrointestinal, gynecomastia (a condition in which the stomach and bowel grow abnormally) and asthenia (low blood sugar) between the two groups. One study (43 participants) found that IAS was as effective as CAS for potency, but was superior in terms of side effects. There are no data for the relative effectiveness of Ias versus CAS for overall or prostate cancer-specific growth, or for disease progression. There were no data on side effects, but IAS may have slightly reduced side events. Limited information suggests IAS might be slightly better than CAS for side effects and for potency.
We identified 12 randomised controlled trials involving 7,119 women. Five trials randomised to either immediate or delayed insertion. One trial randomised women to the levonorgestle IUD or Nova T showed that women discontinuation rates due to pregnancy were higher for women in the Nova T group. One of them randomised people to immediate versus delayed insertion of the Copper 7 showed immediate insertion of an intrauterine device was associated with a higher risk of expulsion than was delayed insertion, but the quality of evidence was moderate. Another trial showed that use and expulsion of an IUD was more likely for immediate insertion compared to delayed insertion (3 studies; 878 women). The quality of the evidence was also moderate for the use and expelled of levonergestrel-releasing intrauterines. In other trials, adding copper sleeves to the Lippes Loop improved efficacy and reduced expulsion rates (1 study; 400 women). From meta-analysis of two multicentre trials, pregnancy was less likely for the TCu 220C versus the Lipses Loop (2 studies; 2257 women) as was expulsion (2 trials; 2253 women). In other work, adding a copper sleeve to the IUD improved efficacy (1 trial; 400 people) and reduced the expulsion rate (2 trial; 2251 women). Moderate quality evidence shows that insertion of IUD immediately after abortion is safe and practical. IUD expulsion rates appear higher immediately after abortions compared to delaying insertion. However, at six months postabortion, IUD use is higher following immediate insertion.
We found only one small trial published as an abstract article. Ninety-one participants enrolled in the study, but only 42 participants stayed in the trial throughout the six-month follow up period. There was no information about the average age and sex of the participants. The included trial looked at the effects of meditation practice on patients who had just been hospitalised with leukaemic leukaemia. The trial found that meditation practice might be beneficial for the quality of life of haematological malignancies patients, with higher scores for participants in the mediation arms compared to the usual care control group. Levels of depression decreased for those practising meditation in both the spiritually-framed meditation group and the secularly-focused meditation group in comparison to the control group, whose levels of depression remained constant. The influence of meditation on overall survival, fatigue, anxiety, quality of sleep and adverse events were not evaluated in the included trial. We judged the overall quality of the evidence as'very low', due to the extent of missing data on the study population, and the small sample size. As the abstract publication did not provide numbers and results except P values, we are not able to give more details. We found a high risk for attrition bias and unclear risk for reporting bias, performance and detection bias due to missing data due to abstract publication only. We assessed the overall risk of bias as high.
We found three trials involving 110 healthy children who were siblings of household contacts. The trials varied in study quality, vaccine used, length of follow-up and outcome measures measured. We identified high or unclear risk of bias in two trials. Overall, 13 out of 56 vaccine recipients (23%) developed varicella, compared with 78% of those who received no vaccine. The majority of the vaccine recipients had mild disease (with fewer than 50 skin lesions). In the three trials, most children received PEP within three days of exposure. However, too few children were vaccinated four to five days post-exposure, and too few participants were given PEP more than three days after exposure, for us to be able to determine whether or not the vaccine is effective. No included trial reported on side effects following the vaccine. We found no RCTs for children younger than 16 years of age. We did not find any RCT for adolescents or adults.
We included 12 randomised controlled studies, with 4704 participants, in this review. Eleven trials performed a total of 16 comparisons of different prophylactic antibiotic regimens. There was no sufficient evidence to be able to pool the data from these trials to perform a meta-analysis. The overall all-cause mortality in the four trials that reported deaths was 14/1401 people. The proportion of people who died from any cause was 1.0% in each of the individual comparisons. There were no deaths due to any reason in the trials. None of the trials reported the number of people with cancer, the length of the hospital stay, the use of healthcare resources, or quality of life. In two trials, 19/478 (4.5%) people developed MRSA infections including SSI, chest infection, bacteraemia (blood infection) and bacteraemic infections. In these two trials there were no differences between the groups in terms of the proportion of MRSA infection. In the single trial that compared a single antibiotic regimen with a placebo, there were significant reductions in MRSA-related deaths in the group that received co-amoxiclav (or cefotaxime, if allergic) compared with the placebo. There is currently no other evidence to suggest that using a combination of multiple antibiotics, or giving additional antibiotics for an increased duration, is of value in reducing MRSA. Well designed randomised clinical trials are necessary to assess the clinical effects of different antibiotics.
We included two trials (116 women) comparing planned home versus hospital management for PPROM. The number of women included in each study was too small to allow us to assess the differences between groups for relevant pre-specified outcome measures. There was some evidence that women who were managed at home were more likely to have a caesarean section than those who were cared for in hospital. Mothers who received home care were more satisfied with their care, and there was evidence that home care reduced the length of time they spent in hospital compared to those who had been cared at hospital. The review included two small studies that did not have sufficient numbers of women to be able to detect any differences between the two groups. There were no information on serious maternal illness or death. There is some evidence from one trial that there was no difference between groups in the number of babies that died during birth. However, there was not enough information to be sure that this was the case. The results should be viewed with caution. The two trials included in this review were small and of limited size. More studies are needed to determine if home care is better for women and babies.
The two methods of skin closure for caesarean that have been most often compared are non-absorbable and absorbable sutures. Staples are associated with similar outcomes, such as wound infection, pain, cosmesis, and re-closure, and these two are the most common methods for skin closure. However, staples may have a different effect on wound infection and wound complication depending on the type of skin incision. If staples are removed on day three, the risk of skin separation and reclosure is increased, and therefore, reclosure.
We found 11 randomised controlled studies (RCTs) with 821 participants. Seven trials examined a green tea intervention and four examined a black tea intervention. Dosage and form of both green and black tea differed between the trials. The ongoing trial is examining the effects of green tea powder capsules. The results of this review suggest that green tea has favourable effects on CVD risk factors, but the small number of trials contributing to each analysis and the small sample size means that the results should be treated with some caution. There are no long-term studies to date looking at the use of green or black tea for the prevention of CVD.
The review authors identified two small trials recruiting 23 participants. Both trials were of poor quality and involved small numbers of participants. Due to concerns over the small sample sizes and methodological shortcomings, the findings of the studies are not generalisable to the issue of steroid tapering. No data on oral steroid consumption were reported. No significant differences were observed in the studies for FEV1, FVC, PaO2 and symptoms. One study showed a significant difference in SGaw, but the clinical importance of this is unclear. An update search conducted in August 2010 did not find any new studies. Currently there is a clear lack of evidence to support the use of azathioprine in the treatment of chronic asthma.
This review identified 56 studies (4068 participants) for inclusion in the review. The majority of studies were carried out in people with breast cancer, with 28 of these carried out on women. A meta-analysis of the data from these studies provided data for 1461 participants who received an exercise intervention, and 1187 people who did not. At the end of the intervention, exercise was seen to be more effective than the control intervention. Benefits of exercise on fatigue were observed for people with cancer who had cancer in the breast or prostate. In people with solid tumours, aerobic exercise was found to be beneficial. We found no evidence that exercise was beneficial for people who had a blood cancer. The findings of this review have enabled a more precise conclusion to be made. Exercise can be beneficial for those with cancer-related fatigue, but the type, intensity and timing of an exercise programme needs to be determined.
We included five trials with 3427 people in the review. These trials included only adults (16 to 65 years of age). The trials were conducted in Germany, Italy and Belgium. The overall risk of bias was low for overall survival but was high for other outcomes, as the patients were aware of the treatment they were receiving. All trials reported the results for OS (OS) and progression free survival (PFS). The addition of the EORTC 20012 trial to the review shows that patients treated with BEACOPP are more likely to live longer and to have less tumour growth after five years. However, the trial was too small to be able to show a difference in the number of people who died from any cause. There is no evidence for a difference between the treatment groups for treatment- related deaths. The addition to this review also shows that there is a new finding that patients with advanced HL who are treated with a higher dose of chemotherapy are less likely to have a new solid tumour growing after 5 years. This is a finding that is new to this update of the review and is based on the results from a new trial. There was no evidence that there was a difference for overall secondary malignancies. There were no data on quality of life, and the age of the patients was not detailed. Five trials reported side effects, and these were mostly of low or very low quality. We are very uncertain how many female patients will be infertile due to chemotherapy, and which arm might be favoured (very low-quality evidence). This is due to the small number of patients in the trials and the fact that there were not enough data.
This review included 15 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) including 1835 cancer patients. All included studies were conducted in high income countries and most studies were aimed at breast cancer patients (seven trials) or prostate cancer patients or both (two trials). Two studies involved psycho-educational interventions including patient education and teaching self-care behaviours. Results indicated low quality evidence of similar RTW rates for psycho-education interventions compared to care as usual and low quality of evidence that there is no difference in the effect of psycho-educational interventions on quality of life. We did not find any studies on vocational interventions. One study suggested that physical training was not more effective than care as a usual in improving RTW. In one study breast cancer survivors were offered a physical training programme. Seven studies assessed the effects of a medical intervention. In all studies a less radical or functioning conserving medical intervention was compared with a more radical treatment. We found that less radical, functioning conserverative approaches had similar rates of RTW as more radical treatments and moderate quality evidence that no differences were seen in quality of Life outcomes. Five studies involved multidisciplinary interventions in which vocational counselling, patient education, patient counselling, biofeedback-assisted behavioral training and/or physical exercises were combined. Moderate quality evidence showed that interventions involving physical, psychoeducational, vocational and/ or vocational components led to higher RTW rate than care in which care was provided as usual (low quality evidence). We found no differences in the quality of the evidence for the effect on the effect. We judged six studies to have a high risk of bias and nine studies to be of low quality.
We included four trials involving more than 13,000 women in this review. The trials were conducted in the UK and Ireland. Three trials were funded by the hospitals where the trials took place and one trial was funded by a Scottish government agency. No declarations of interest were made in two trials. The remaining two trials did not mention their funding source. Overall, the studies were assessed as low risk of bias. The evidence is current to September 2014. We found no new trials in this update. Results reported in the 2012 review remain unchanged. The findings of this review support recommendations that the admission CTG not be used for women who are low risk on admission in labour. Women should be informed that admission CTGs are likely to increase the caesarean section rate by approximately 20%. The data lacked power to detect possible important differences in perinatal mortality. However, it is unlikely that any trial, or meta-analysis, will be adequately powered to detect such differences. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to very low. The usefulness of the findings of the review for developing countries will depend on FHR monitoring practices. The absence of benefit and likely harm associated with the use of the admissionCTG will have relevance for countries where questions are being asked about the role of the CTG. Future studies should consider including women admitted with signs of labour and before a formal diagnosis of labour. This would include a cohort of women currently having CTGs and not included in current trials. One additional study is ongoing.
We included 32 studies in this review. Seventeen studies randomised 3666 women, three randomised cycles (total 1018) and twelve randomised oocytes (15,230) in total. It was not possible to pool any of the data because each study compared different cultures of culture media. Only seven of the 32 studies reported live birth or ongoing pregnancy. Four of these studies found no evidence of a difference in the media used for either day three or day five embryo transfer. The fifth study did not appear to be reliable. Six studies reported the number of women who had a clinical pregnancy. One study found that for cleat-stage embryo transfer, Quinn's Advantage culture was more likely to be associated with a higher pregnancy rate. However, this study was published only as an abstract, and the quality of the evidence was low. None of the studies reported on the health of the babies. None reported on adverse effects. Most studies (22/32) did not report the source of funding and none described their methods in adequate detail. The overall quality of evidence was rated as low. The main limitations were imprecision, poor reporting and poor study methods. We conclude that there is not enough evidence to support or refute any specific culture medium.
This review aimed to examine the effectiveness of methods of communicating a diagnosis of breast cancer. However, there have been no randomised trials of communication methods to women. The review authors have considered the possible reasons for the lack of research studies and have considered that it would be perhaps unethical to randomise women at such a time when they are waiting for a diagnosis. The design of research to examine this topic needs to be explored to help inform future practice. As some of the papers reviewed by the authors relate to the first consultation visit, where women are offered treatment options, perhaps a review which focuses on the ways in which methods of communication are discussed at the first visit to the doctor would provide more reliable evidence to guide future research.
This review included 17 studies with a total of 1006 randomised participants. All studies were conducted in the USA. The evidence is current to September 2013. The studies were of short duration and involved a group of people with NSCP who received either a psychological intervention or a control group that received a control intervention. The interventions were delivered over a period of three to nine months. The results showed that psychological interventions reduced the frequency of chest pain in the first three months following the intervention. There was also a significant increase in the number of days without chest pain up to three months after the intervention, but there was no evidence of effect of treatment on the severity of the chest pain. There were no differences between the groups in terms of the number who experienced chest pain at the end of the study period. The quality of the studies was generally low. The main limitations of this review were the small number of studies and the wide variation in the outcome measures used in the included studies. In addition, in three studies the blinding of participants was expressly forbidden by the local ethics committee because of issues in obtaining fully informed consent. For this reason, all studies had a high risk of performance bias. In general, there was a low risk of bias in the other domains. However, the results of individual studies were not consistent and caution is required in interpreting these results. This Cochrane review suggests a modest to moderate benefit for psychological interventions, particularly those using a cognitive-behavioural framework, which was largely restricted to the first few months after treatment. However these conclusions are limited by high heterogeneity in many of the results and low numbers of participants in individual studies. Further RCTs of psychological interventions for NSCP with follow-up periods of at least 12 months are needed. Hypnotherapy is also a possible alternative.
We identified 30 trials with a total of 4344 participants randomised, with 17 different antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers. The trials evaluated the effects of these drugs in a range of short-term (one to eight weeks) and long-term treatment (up to six months) treatment. The following antihistamine and mast cells stabilisers were evaluated in at least one trial: nedocromil sodium or sodium cromoglycate, olopatadine, ketotifen, azelastine, emedastine (or levocabastine), levocapastine or levocabanine, mequitazine, bepotastine besilate, combination of antazoline and tetryzoline, levocapaastine and pemirolast potassium. The most common comparison was azelASTine versus placebo (nine studies). The quality of the studies and reporting was variable, but overall the risk of bias was low. The evidence is current to September 2014. There was some evidence to support that topical antihistamin and mastcell stabilisers reduce symptoms and signs of seasonal allergic conjunctivitis when compared with placebo. However, there is no long-lasting data on their efficacy. There were no reported serious adverse events related to the use of topical anti-histamine or mast cell treatment. Overall, topical antihirsutism and mast Cell stabilisers appear to be safe and well tolerated.
The aim of this review was to assess the effectiveness of tobacco prevention programmes aimed at reducing the use of tobacco in Indigenous youth. The evidence is current to September 2014. We found two studies that met the inclusion criteria for the review and a third is still ongoing. The two included studies employed multi-component community-based interventions tailored to the specific cultural aspects of the population and were based in Native American populations (1505 participants in total). One study found no difference in weekly smoking at 42 months follow-up between the skills-community group and the control group. The second study found positive changes for tobacco use in the intervention arm at post test but this was not maintained at six month follow up. Both studies were rated as high or unclear risk of bias in seven or more domains (out of a total of 10). Based on the available evidence, a conclusion cannot be drawn as to the efficacy of programs tailored for Indigenous youth in reducing tobacco use. This review highlights the paucity of data and the need for more research in this area. Smoking prevalence among Indigenous youth is twice that of the non-Indigenous population, with tobacco experimentation commencing at an early age. As such, a significant health disparity exists where Indigenous populations, a minority, are over-represented in the burden of smoking-related morbidity and mortality. Methodologically rigorous trials are needed to investigate interventions aimed at preventing the uptake of tobacco use amongst Indigenous youth and to assist in bridging the gap between tobacco-related health disparities in Indigenous and non-indigenous populations.
We searched for evidence on the benefits and harms of giving blood transfusions to pregnant women with sickle cell anaemia (HbSS) to prevent or reduce the risk of death or complications in the womb. We found only one randomised controlled trial (72 women) that met our inclusion criteria. The trial was at unclear risk of bias. Overall, there were few events for most of the reported outcomes and the results were generally imprecise. The included trial reported no maternal deaths occurring in women who received either prophylactic or selective blood transfusion. The evidence is current to September 2015. The available data and quality of evidence on this subject are insufficient to advocate for a change in existing clinical practice and policy. Currently, there is no evidence from randomised or quasi-randomised trials to provide reliable advice on the optimal blood transfused policy for women with other variants of sickle cells (i.e. HbSC and HbSβThal). The available evidence is insufficient to support or oppose giving blood to pregnant pregnant women who have sicklecell anaemia to prevent, reduce or prevent death or other complications.
We found 67 randomised clinical trials involving a total of 6197 participants. All the trials were at high risk of bias. The evidence is current to September 2016. A total of 5771 participants from 64 trials provided data for one or more outcomes included in this review. There was no evidence of differences in most of the comparisons, and where there was, these differences were in single trials, mostly of small sample size. We summarise only the evidence that was available in more than one trial below. Of the primary outcomes, the only one with evidence of a difference from more than a single trial under the pair-wise comparison was in the number of adverse events (complications), which was higher with radiofrequency dissecting sealer than with the clamp-crush method. The proportion of people requiring a blood transfusion was higher in the low central venous pressure group than in the acute normovolemic haemodilution plus low central pressure group. The blood transfused quantity (red blood cells) was lower in the fibrin sealant group than the control group. Blood transfusion quantity (fresh frozen plasma) was higher for the fibin sealants than for the control. The total hospital stay, total hospital stays, and operating time were lower with low central vein pressure than with control. None of the trials reported health-related quality of life or time needed to return to work. None reported on the time taken for people to return home from hospital. The quality of the evidence was very low or low for all the comparisons. The main reasons for this were the small number of trials and the small numbers of participants, and the fact that the trials did not use the same methods of analysis. We were unable to assess the quality of evidence for most comparisons because of the lack of data. We found no evidence to suggest that using special equipment for liver resection is of any benefit in decreasing the mortality, morbidity, or blood transfusions requirements.
This review aimed to find out which treatments are best for PPP. Twenty-three trials involving 724 people were included. There is evidence supporting the use of systemic retinoids, oral PUVA and PUVA combined with PUVA. However, a combination of PUVA, PUVA plus PUVA is better than the individual treatments. The use of steroid cream under hydrocolloid occlusion is beneficial. It would appear that low dose ciclosporin, tetracycline antibiotics, Grenz Ray Therapy and Colchicine have a lot of side effects. There was no evidence to suggest that short term treatment with hydroxycarbamide (hydroxyurea) is an effective treatment. Many different treatments were reported to produce "improvement". There is, however, no standardised method for assessing response to treatment, and reductions in pustule counts or other semi-quantitative scoring systems may be of little relevance to the patient.
We found nine trials that evaluated the blood pressure-lowering effect of five drugs in 460 people with a blood pressure of 162/103 mmHg. The drugs were furosemide 40 mg to 60 mg, cicletanine 100 mg/day, piretanide 3 mg to 6 mg, and indacrinone enantiomer 200 mg. The trials were conducted in a mean duration of 8.8 weeks. The best estimate of systolic/diastolic blood pressure lowering effect was -7.9 (-10.4/5.8 mm Hg/ -4.4 (-5.9/2.8) mmHG) for systol and -8.2 (-5/4.9 to -5.4) mmhg/ (-4.2/2) mm Hf for diastolic). Withdrawals due to adverse effects and serum biochemical changes did not show a significant difference. The dose-ranging effects of loop diuretics could not be evaluated. The review did not provide a good estimate of the incidence of harms associated with the use of these drugs because of the short duration of the trials and the lack of reporting of adverse effects. We graded the quality of evidence for both systols and diastols blood pressure estimates as "low" due to the high risk of bias of included studies and the high likelihood of publication bias. We found no additional trials meeting the minimum inclusion criteria.
We included 58 trials, of which 48 trials with 2849 participants randomised to intraperitoneal local anaesthetic instillation (1558 participants) versus control (1291 people) contributed data to one or more of the outcomes for one or both of the following outcomes. Most of the trials included only low anaesthetic risk people undergoing planned laparoscopic cholecystectomy, which is a procedure to remove the gallbladder. There was no mortality in either group in the eight trials that reported deaths. One participant experienced a serious complication (446 participants) in the 8 trials that measured this outcome. There were no deaths in either of the two groups in the remaining trials. The pain was lower in the local anaesthetist group than in the control group. The length of hospital stay was shorter in the intervention group (five trials). The pain scores were lower at four to eight hours and at nine to 24 hours. None of the other outcomes reported quality of life, return to normal activity, or return to work. The effect of the use of local anesthetics on the proportion of participants who were discharged as day surgery was imprecise. Serious adverse events were rare. There is no evidence that the use or risk of serious side effects were increased in the group receiving local anesthetic. The quality of the evidence for all outcomes was very low. The evidence is up to date as of February 2015. Further randomised clinical trials of low risk of systematic errors and random errors are necessary. Such trials should include important clinical outcomes such as quality of lives, return-to-normal activity, and time to return to school.
We identified 74 studies that evaluated the accuracy and specificity of RDTs. We classified them according to the antigens they detected. We found that the sensitivity and specificity (the sensitivity of the test) of all RDT tests were such that they can replace or extend the access of diagnostics for people with uncomplicated P. falciparum. The most accurate test was HRP-2, which is a type 2 antibody (fromP. falcinum), but the difference in sensitivity was small. We also found that pLDH antibody tests (such as pLDh-based tests), such as the Type 4 tests, were more sensitive and were less specific. If the point estimates for Type 1 and Type 4 test are applied to a hypothetical group of 1000 patients, where 30% of those with symptoms have P. floridum falcus, and 30% are wrongly diagnosed as having P. fascium, then the number of people wrongly diagnosed with P. flascius would be 34 with Type 1 tests, and nine with Type 4. The quality of the microscopy reference standard could only be assessed in 40% of studies due to inadequate reporting, but results did not seem to be influenced by the reporting quality. Overall, HRP antibodies may be more sensitive but are less specific than p LDH antibody-based RDT test types, but the differences are small.
We found five studies that tested short-term changes in the length of consultation time for each patient. All were conducted in the UK, and all were funded by government agencies. The evidence is current to September 2015. We are uncertain whether altering appointment length increases primary care consultation length, number of referrals and investigations, prescriptions, or patient satisfaction based on very low-certainty evidence. None of the studies reported on the effects of altering the length or number of consultations on resources used. We did not find sufficient evidence to support or refute a policy of altering length of primary care physicians' consultations. It is possible that these findings may change if high-quality trials are reported in the future. Further trials are needed that focus on health outcomes and cost-effectiveness.
The review identified only three small trials that evaluated the effects of high dose versus low dose stavudine. All three trials were from developed countries and none were from developing countries. The studies were at a high risk of selection bias as they were at risk of bias due to the way in which they were conducted. The results of the trials were imprecise and have not identified a clear advantage in virologic suppression between the two groups. There was no clear difference in the risk of adverse events between the groups. The trials did not indicate that any patients discontinued treatment due to adverse events. This review found that there was no significant difference in effectiveness between low and high dose of the drug. Furthermore, enrolled participants were ART experienced, had sustained viral suppression and were treated with high viral loads, so the results of this review cannot generalise to settings where stavUDine is not currently used.
We included 10 trials with a total of 1658 participants in this review. Six of the trials included recruitment manoeuvres as part of a strategy that was different from the control ventilation (such as mode of ventilation, different modes of ventilation and higher tidal volume). The other five trials included an open lung strategy that included co-interventions such as higher PEEP, different ways of breathing and a higher level of plateau pressure. We found that a strategy of recruitment manoeuvre in participants with ARDS reduced death rates in the intensive care unit and in the hospital, without increasing the risk of death from any cause. We did not find a difference in the number of deaths at 28 days or in hospital. The quality of the evidence was low, as most of the included trials provided co-co-intervention co-measures as part a strategy to improve ventilation. This might have influenced the results of the outcome. We downgraded the quality of evidence to low, because most of these included trials were conducted in a way that might have affected the results.
This review aimed to assess the effectiveness of relaxation therapy in the treatment of people with asthma. Fifteen studies, involving 687 participants, were included in the review. Three studies measured our main outcome but individually did not report any significant differences in effectiveness between the treatment group and control. The use of 'as needed' medications was reduced in two studies, (47 patients), by relaxation therapy. However, there was no significant difference in FEV1 (a measure of lung function), in four studies (150 patients) of 150 patients. The quality of life of people who received CBT was improved by two studies (48 patients), but the results were conflicting. Peak Expiratory Flow (a measurement of airway pressure) data showed a positive effect following CBT, but no difference in peak flow data in favour of biofeedback (a form of breathing support). There was no difference between relaxation therapy and bio-feed back in the level of depression, but the findings were conflicting in these studies. This review was unable to draw firm conclusions for the role of psychological treatments in asthma due to the lack of evidence. Larger studies are needed in this area, in order to determine the effects of these techniques.
This review included 35 randomised controlled trials (studies in which people are randomly allocated to one of two or more treatment groups) that compared antidepressants and benzodiazepines as monotherapy in people with panic disorder. Thirty-five studies, including 6785 participants overall, were included in this review. We found low-quality evidence suggesting no difference in effectiveness between the two drugs in terms of response rate. We also found low quality evidence suggesting a benefit for benzodiazapine (an anti-psychotic drug) compared to antidepressants in the number of people who dropped out of the studies due to any cause. We did not find any difference between the drugs for adverse effects. The majority of studies did not report details on random sequence generation and allocation concealment; similarly, no details were provided about strategies to ensure blinding. The study protocol was not available for almost all studies so it is difficult to make a judgment on the possibility of outcome reporting bias. Information on adverse effects was very limited. The included studies are not sufficient to comprehensively address the objectives of the present review. The vast majority of the included studies enrolled a small number of participants and did not provide data for all the outcomes specified in the protocol. For these reasons most of the analyses were underpowered and this limits the overall completeness of evidence. In general, based on the results of the current review, the possible role of antidepressants and/or benzodaziazepines should be assessed by the clinician on an individual basis. The choice of which antidepressant and/ or benzodazine is prescribed can not be made on the basis of this review only, and should be based on evidence of antidepressant and benzoidiazepines efficacy and tolerability, including data from placebo-controlled studies, as a whole. Data on long-term tolerability issues associated with antidepressants and Benzodiazepine exposure should also be carefully considered. The present review highlights the need for further higher-quality studies comparing antidepressants with benzodiz
Twenty-nine trials, that enrolled over 1,700 participants with pancreatic carcinoma, were included. Three trials compared plastic stents to surgery. Endoscopic stenting with plastic stent was associated with a lower risk of complications, but with higher risk of recurrent biliary obstruction. There was a trend towards lower risk for 30-day deaths with plastic-stent use. One trial compared metal stents with surgery and found lower costs and better quality of life with metal-type stents. There were no differences in risk of technical failure, therapeutic failure, or complications or death within the 30 days after surgery. Nine trials compared metal to plastic stenting. Metal stents were associated with lower risk with a better patency than plastic-based stents, but there was no significant difference in risk for technical failure or complications. When different types of plastic stented devices were compared to polyethylene stents in one trial, only perflouro alkoxy plastic-type devices had superior outcomes in one study. The addition of an anti-reflux valve improved the patency of Teflon-type plastic-related stents compared to Tefon-based plastic-containing devices. In patients with short predicted survival, their patency benefits over plastic-derived stents may not be realised. Further trials are needed to determine the best stent type for these patients.
We included five studies that compared ultrasound guidance with palpation or Doppler auditory assistance. Four studies compared ultrasound with palpate, and one compared it with doppler audio assistance. We found that ultrasound guidance improves first-time success in children and young children, and decreases the rate of complications. The evidence is current to September 2016. We also found that the success rate at the first attempt was higher in infants and small children, in whom arterial line cannulation is more challenging than in older children. We did not find any evidence that ultrasound was superior to other techniques for first- or second-time successful arterial cannulation. We rated the quality of evidence for all outcomes as moderate owing to imprecision due to wide confidence intervals, modest sample sizes and limited numbers of events. We identified moderate-quality evidence suggesting that ultrasound guided catheters are more successful than palpation and Dopplelear auditory assistance for first and second-trick catheter placement. We do not know if ultrasound is superior to Doppling audio assistance for the first first-tartar catheter placement. The quality of the evidence was moderate for all of the outcomes.
We included one small randomised trial (80 male student participants conducted in the Netherlands) and three ITS studies (general population studies conducted in Canada in the 1970s and 80s). The RCT found that young men exposed to movies with a low-alcohol content drank less than men who were exposed to high-alcohol-containing movies. The results from the three ITS study were inconsistent. Each study evaluated a different type of ban (partial or full) compared with different degrees of restrictions or no restrictions during the control period. A meta-analysis of the two studies that evaluated the implementation of a ban showed an overall mean non-significant increase in beer consumption in the general population of 1.10% following the ban. This finding is consistent with an increase, no difference, or a decrease in alcohol consumption. In the study evaluating the lifting of a total ban on all forms of alcohol advertising to a partial ban on spirits advertising only, which utilised an Abrupt Auto-regressive (GRADE) model, the volume of alcohol sales decreased by 11.11 kilolitres (95% CI -27.56, 5.34) per month after the ban was lifted. In this model, beer and wine sales increased per month by 14.89 and 1.15 kilograms, respectively. No other prespecified outcomes (including economic loss or hardship due to decreased alcohol sales) were addressed in the included studies and no adverse effects were reported. None of the studies were funded by the alcohol or advertising industries. There is a lack of robust evidence for or against recommending the introduction of restrictions on alcohol advertising. Advertising restrictions should be implemented within a high-quality, well-monitored research programme to ensure the evaluation over time of all relevant outcomes in order to build the evidence base. Using the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation approach, the quality of the evidence was rated as very low due to a serious risk of bias, serious indirectness of the included population
This review of trials found no evidence of difference in short-term growth, gastrointestinal intolerance, or necrotizing enterocolitis between MCT and LCT. However, there were conflicting data (two studies) as to how well infants were able to drink the formula. There was no evidence that high MCT was better than LCT in terms of short term growth, skin fold thickness, or length gain. There is no evidence to suggest that LCT has less adverse effects. No studies were found addressing the effects of LCT on long term growth or development. More research is needed.
We found one small trial that compared transcervical amnioinfusion with no amnionitis. The trial included 34 women. All women received intrauterine pressure catheter, acetaminophen, antibiotics (ampicillin) and penicillin and gentamycin. The amniotic fluid was given in a saline solution (10 mL per minute for 60 minutes). The women were then given a 3-minute dose of 3 mL perminute until delivery. The study was considered to be at a high risk of bias overall, due to small numbers, inconsistency in the reporting of the study and lack of information on blinding. We did not identify any trials that used transabdominal amniotropin. The evidence is up to date as of February 2016. The review found that there was no clear effect of transcervically amniating the uterus to reduce the risk of infection in the mother or her baby. The women in the amnoid group had a lower temperature at delivery compared to women in a control group. The number of caesarean sections was the same in both groups. There was no difference in the duration of antibiotic treatment between the two groups, nor in the number of women who spent the night in hospital. The included study did not report on this review's other primary outcome (perinatal death or severe morbidity). The reduction in pyrexia, though not a pre-specified outcome of this review, may be of relevance in terms of benefits to the fetus of reduced exposure to heat. The quality of the evidence was low. The numbers included in this review are too small for meaningful assessment of substantive outcomes, where reported. There is insufficient evidence to fully evaluate the effectiveness of using transcervicals to treat chorioamnionitis and to assess the safety of this intervention or women’s satisfaction. We do not have enough evidence to support or refute the use of amniospecified amnions for
This review aimed to assess the accuracy of the Mini-Cog in the detection of people with mild cognitive impairment. Three studies met the inclusion criteria, with 1620 participants. The studies were of limited quality. The sensitivity of the test was reported in all three studies as 0.99. The diagnostic test accuracy was reported to be 0.93. The study designs were not well described and the results of the studies were not pooled. There was a lack of information on the methods used in all the studies. The limited number of studies and the limitations in the studies make it difficult to make recommendations for or against the use of the mini-cog as a cognitive test in community settings. More well-designed studies are needed in order to determine the accuracy and utility of Mini-Theog in community based settings.
We included 19 studies that investigated three types of amphetamines (10.2 mg/d to 21.8 mg/D), lisdexamfetamine (30 mg/dL to 70 mg/DA), and MAS (12.5 mg/daily to 80 mg/da). These studies enrolled 2521 participants; most were middle-aged (35.3) Caucasian males (57.2%) with ADHD, and one study was from both Canada (78.8%). Eighteen studies were conducted in the USA, one in Canada, and the other in both Canada and the USA. Ten studies were multi-site trials. We found no studies that had low risk of bias in all domains. We did not find any studies that used a cross-over design, which means that participants were assigned to one of the two or more treatment groups at random. We also found no evidence that amphetamine use improved ADHD symptoms compared to other drug use. We could not exclude the possibility of a carry-over effect, but we could not rule out the possibility that it might have been due to the fact that more people taking amphetaminers stopped taking them because of side effects. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. This means that we are uncertain about the results. The studies were of short duration, and most had short-term follow-up.
We included 10 studies with 811 participants in this review update. The studies were diverse with regard to study quality, the chronic painful conditions that were studied, the dose of vitamin D given, the co-interventions, and the outcome measures reported. There was no consistent pattern that vitamin D treatment was associated with a greater effect than placebo (dummy treatment). Adverse events and withdrawals from the studies were comparatively infrequent, with no consistent difference in adverse events or withdrawals from treatment. Based on this evidence, we cannot be certain that the use of vitamins D to treat chronic pain is beneficial.
This review found 41 studies involving more than 200 practices and 48,000 patients. The studies were heterogeneous in terms of interventions, participants, settings and outcomes. In all studies the intervention strategy was multifaceted. In 12 studies the interventions were targeted at health professionals, in nine studies they were aimed at the organisation of care, and in 20 studies they targeted both. In 15 studies patient education was added to the professional and organisational interventions. Multifaceted professional interventions can enhance the performance of health professionals in managing patients with diabetes. Organisational interventions that improve regular recall and review of patients (central computerised tracking systems or nurses who regularly contact the patient) can also improve diabetes management. The addition of patient-oriented interventions can lead to improved patient health outcomes. Nurses can play an important role in patient-focused interventions, through patient education or facilitating adherence to treatment.
We found five randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared the following methods of birth control. The trials compared the use of hormonal and IUDs in women aged 25 years and younger. The studies included a total of 1503 women. We considered the overall quality of the evidence to be moderate to low. The main limitations of the trials were poor study design, limited reporting, and small sample sizes. The evidence is up to date as of February 2016.
This review found that immunotherapy reduces asthma symptoms and use of asthma medications, and improves the symptoms of bronchitis. There was no consistent effect on lung function. There were 42 trials for house mite, 27 for pollen allergy, 10 for animal dander, two for Cladosporium mixtures, and six for multiple allergies. The results of this review show that there was a significant reduction in asthma symptoms, medication use, and bronchial hyper-reactivity, and that the benefit was possibly comparable to inhaled steroids. There is a need for further trials to look at the effects of immunotherapies on asthma symptoms.
This review found six trials involving 1297 patients. Five trials had a low risk of bias. One trial had an unclear risk of systematic error. Mortality at day 28 was significantly reduced by lung-protective ventilation with a reduction of 0.74 (95% CI 0.61 to 0.88) and hospital deaths were reduced by 0.80. Overall mortality was not different in the control group. There was insufficient evidence for long-term outcomes. The effects on morbidity and long-lasting outcomes are unknown. The results of this review should be interpreted with caution as the trials were not of high quality.
We included 15 randomised controlled trials with 1833 participants. The evidence is current to August 2015. We found that the intravenous technique of giving propofol to patients with spinal cord injury is comparable with the inhalational technique of using sevoflurane to provide early emergence from anaesthesia. Adverse events with both techniques are also comparable. The quality of the evidence was low. The results should be interpreted with caution. We did not find any high-quality evidence for any of the outcomes of interest.
This review identified four trials including 15,936 hypertensive patients. Average age was 75.4 years. Mean blood pressure at entry across the studies was 171/86 mmHg. The combined result of the four trials reporting the incidence of dementia was no significant between the treatment groups and there was considerable variation between the trials. The results from the three trials reporting change in Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE) did not indicate a benefit from the treatment. Both systolic and diastolic blood blood pressure levels were reduced significantly. However, there was no convincing evidence from the trials that blood pressure lowering in the late-life prevents the development of dementia. Quality of life data could not be assessed in the four studies. The included studies in this review were problematic as many of the control subjects received blood pressure reduction drugs because their blood pressures were too high. In most cases the study was a comparison between the study drug against a usual blood pressure control drug regimen. There were problems with the way the trials were carried out. The number of patients lost to follow-up and the number of placebo patients who received active treatment introduced bias.
We included 12 trials enrolling 3474 patients in this review. The evidence for the effectiveness of PTCRA in in-stent re-stenosis is unclear. Compared to the use of angioplasty alone, PTCA/PTCA did not result in a higher incidence of major adverse heart events (myocardial infarction (MI), cardiac surgery or death), but patients were more than twice as likely to experience a spasm, perforation and transient blockage of the vessel. In certain patients (e.g. those unable to undergo cardiac surgery, those with architecturally complex lesions, and those with lesions that fail PTCAs), the use PTCR appears to be feasible. There is limited published evidence and no long-term data to support the routine use of P TCRA in re-stents.
This review identified three studies that compared nebulised rhDNase with a placebo. Two of these studies were multicentre trials, comprising only participants positive for bronchiolitis. The other study was from Italy. All studies used 2.5 mL (1 mg/mL) of nebulisation of rh DNase, which is a type of inhaled steroid, in children under 24 months of age. The results of the three included studies did not support the use of nebulaise in children hospitalised with acute lung disease. In these patients, nebulise did not shorten the length of hospital stay or improve clinical outcomes. In one of the studies four out of 11 patients had atelectasis, which was a swelling of the atria (the lining of the lung) caused by the virus. There was no difference in adverse events between the two groups. These included temporary desaturation of the blood, shortness of breath, increased cough, facial rash and hoarseness.
We found two studies with a total of 181 participants. One study had a small sample size and did not adequately report method of randomisation, allocation concealment or pre-selected outcome measures. The second study was a larger study, which had few sources of bias (bias) and good methodology. We found no significant difference in death between groups. Only one of the studies reported on aneurysm exclusion. In this study, we observed one failure of exclusion in the surgical group. No wound infections were reported in either group. There was no difference between the two groups in major complication rate, bleeding complications, or haematoma (blood clot). There was a difference between groups in the length of time taken to perform the operation. The study reported on the length and duration of time spent in the intensive treatment unit (ITU) and the hospital stay. The evidence is up to date as of March 2018. We downgraded the quality of the evidence to moderate as a result of the limited number of studies, low event numbers and imprecision (differences between studies). As the number of included studies were limited, further research into this technique would be beneficial. The search identified one ongoing study, and this may provide an improved evidence base in the future.
The review of trials found that the sponge was less effective than the diaphragm in preventing pregnancy. The sponges were also more likely to cause adverse effects. More research is needed to resolve the potential role of spermicide drugs in preventing sexually transmitted infections or in causing side effects.
Sixteen studies were identified for possible inclusion in the review. Six of which were included. Three studies investigated prevention and three studies investigated the treatment of cognitive deficits. There were differences between the studies in the interventions being evaluated. Two studies investigated a drug treatment for the prevention of cognitive problems. One study looked at the use of a drug to prevent cognitive problems and found that it may help. The other two studies looked at a rehabilitation program for preventing cognitive problems, but did not find a difference between the two groups. The third study investigated a treatment to improve cognitive performance, but it did not show a clear difference between groups. There was no strong evidence that any of the interventions studied were effective. There is some evidence that a drug called'memantine', which has been shown to help people with brain tumours, may help them to remember their memories. There may be some evidence to support the use in adults with brain metastases of a substance called 'd-threo-methyl phenidate', which is a drug that is thought to help with memory. There are no studies that have been done for the treatment or preventative use of cognitive therapies for the amelioration (reducing) of cognitive impairments. There has been some evidence of some benefit from a drug, donepezil, but more research is needed. There have been few studies of interventions to help prevent or treat cognitive problems in people with cancer. The results of these studies have not yet been published. More research is required. The quality of the evidence is low to moderate.
We found two randomised controlled trials that compared laser treatment with placebo (fake treatment). The age range of participants was from 17 to 55 years. Both trials investigated the effectiveness of low laser treatment. The evidence is current to September 2014. Both studies were assessed as at high risk of bias, which means that their results may not be reliable. The results of the two studies were imprecise. There was some evidence of an improvement in the subjective assessment of neurosensory deficit in the lip and chin areas compared to placebo, though the results were impreise. The overall quality of the evidence for this outcome was very low; the outcome data were fully reported in one small study of 13 patients, with differential drop-out in the control group, and patients suffered only partial loss of sensation. No studies reported on the effects of the intervention on the other primary outcomes of pain, difficulty eating or speaking or taste. There were no studies on quality of life or adverse events. The quality of evidence was very poor. There is clearly a need for randomised clinical trials to investigate the effectiveness and safety of surgical, medical and psychological interventions for iatrogenic inferior alveolar and lingual nerve injuries. Primary outcomes of this research should include: patient-focused morbidity measures including altered sensation and pain, pain, quantitative sensory testing and delayed treatment.
We found two randomised controlled trials (281 pregnancies and 282 fetuses) that met our inclusion criteria. However, the two trials had significant clinical and methodological differences such that a meta-analysis of the data was considered inappropriate. One study (161 pregnancies) was based on women who had a history of diabetes. It showed no difference in the rate of miscarriage when combined oestrogen and progestogen were used compared with placebo. The second study (129 pregnancies) compared the combined treatment with no treatment. This study did not report on this review's other primary outcomes (perinatal death or rates of preterm birth), nor on any of our proposed secondary outcomes. In terms of this review’s secondary outcomes, the use of combined hormone therapy was associated with an increased risk of maternal cancer in the reproductive system. However for the outcome of cancer other than that of the reproductive systems in mothers, there was no difference between groups. Similarly, there were no differences between the combined oedrogen and hormone therapy group versus placebo for other secondary outcomes reported: low birthweight of less than 2500 g, genital abnormalities in the offspring, abnormalities other than genital tract in the unborn baby, cancer in reproductive system in the mother, or cancer other other than of the genital tract (in the reproductive body) in the baby. The study did report on the rate and duration of miscarriage. The review concluded that there is not enough evidence from randomised trials to assess the use combined oestedrogen and hormonal therapy for preventing miscarriages. We strongly recommend further research in this area.
This review found that both TCAs and SSRIs are effective for depression treated in primary care. The number of participants in the intervention groups was 1364 and 919 in the control groups. Nearly all studies were of short duration.
We found nine studies that compared ibuprofen with placebo (a pretend medication) or with other active treatments for acute migraine headache. Ibuproen 400 mg was better than placebo for pain relief in about half of the people in the studies, but it was no better than rofecoxib 25 mg for 24-hour headache relief. Soluble formulations were better than standard tablets for 1-hour, but not 2-hour relief. Similar numbers of participants experienced side effects, which were mostly mild and transient, with ibupronfen and placebo. Ibupsurface 400 mg is better than 200 mg for all efficacy outcomes, and soluble formulations provided more rapid relief. Adverse events occurred at the same rate as with placebo. We found no new studies since the last version of this review.
We included 43 randomized controlled trials with 3497 participants with dry eye. The trials were conducted in a variety of countries and used different methods to assess the efficacy of OTC artificial tears. The review found that, in general, there was not enough evidence to be certain whether different types of artificial tears were effective in treating dry eye, but we found that 0.2% and 1.4% polyacrylic acid (a type of polyvinyl alcohol-based artificial tear) were consistently more effective at relieving dry eye symptoms. However, we found no clear evidence that any of the other types of synthetic tears were better than the others. We found that OTC fake tears may be generally safe, but they may not be without side effects. We assessed the quality of this evidence as low due to the small number of included trials and poor reporting of outcome measures. Furthermore, we identified 18 trials that were reported only in trial registers with no associated results. These trials reportedly enrolled a total of 2079 participants for whom no data were reported. Such a lack of reporting of trial results is a high risk of publication bias.
We found one randomised trial in 136 patients that compared maintaining lamivudine as the first-line drug in second-line regimens with or without boosted PIs. The trial was of low quality. Two other small observational studies (in abstract form) also did not show a difference in the proportion of those with viral suppressions after six months and time to HIV-1 RNA suppression among those on a lamvudine (3TC) or emtricitabine (FTC) second-lung regimen. There were no trials that compared boosted proteases (PIs) or nucleosides (N-thymidine backbone) with first line treatment. There is no evidence to support the use of PIs in second line treatment for people with HIV, but there is some evidence that short-term response on boosted PI-based second line regimens is encouraging.
We included 133 studies involving 844,206 participants in this review. We evaluated a total of seven different prespecified index tests, as well as 69 non-prespecified, and 32 combinations of these tests. We found that all investigated tests had relatively low sensitivities. The upper lip bite test for diagnosing difficult tracheal intubation was the most accurate test. For difficult face mask ventilation, we found that the test was more accurate than the other tests, but it had a higher risk of bias. For the tests for difficult laryngoscopy, we could only find that the tests were more accurate. For tests for the other outcomes, we only found that they had high sensitivity. We could not find any studies that looked at the effects of the tests on the number of people who had to be put back into a ventilator, the number that needed to be intubed, or the amount of air in the lungs. We judged the quality of the studies to be generally high. We did not find that any of the included studies had problems with their methods. The studies were of good quality, and we were able to combine their results. We concluded that there is a need for more research in this area.
This review found that probiotics reduce the duration of diarrhoea and the number of days with diarrhoeas in infants and young children. Probiotics also reduce the frequency of stool frequency in these children. No adverse events were attributed to the probiotic intervention. The trials were undertaken in a wide range of different settings and also varied greatly in the organisms tested, dosage, and participants' characteristics.
We found only one study that compared nidotherapy-enhanced standard care with standard care alone. This study included 52 participants. The duration of the included study was 18 months in total. The single study examined the short-term effects (up to six months) and medium-term (six months to 12 months) effects of nid therapy-enhended standard care versus standard care. The study was classified by its authors as a 'pilot study'. The results of the single study suggest that people receiving the intervention were more likely to engage with non-inpatient services in both the short term and medium term. However, these results did not reach statistical significance. Results concerning engagement with social functioning were also favoured by the intervention group. Results of people leaving the study early favoured the intervention in both short term (short term) and at medium term (longer term) but again, the results were of very low quality. Results for adverse effects/events of death were also favourable to the intervention but with no statistical significance, and results for engagement with services were mixed. Skewed results were available for mental state, service use, and economic outcomes, and present a mixed picture of the benefits and harms of this newly-formulated therapy. Further research is needed into the possible benefits or harms of the newly-formed therapy. Until such research is available, patients, clinicians, managers and policymakers should consider it an experimental approach.
We included eight studies with a total of 3283 participants. Five studies had a classic design in which participants were randomised at the start of the study to pregabalin, 150, 300, 450, or 600 mg daily, or placebo, with assessment after 8 to 13 weeks of stable treatment. No studies included active comparators. Two studies (1492 participants) had an EERW design, in which those with good pain relief at the time of starting the study were randomly assigned to continuing the effective dose (300 to 600 mg or 450 mg prea) or a short down-titration to placebo (for 13 or 26 weeks) or placebo. We found eight studies that met our inclusion criteria. The studies were of high quality. Pregabalin increased the pain intensity reduction of at least 50% after 12 or 13 weeks' treatment. The number of people experiencing substantial pain relief was about 9%. The number experiencing moderate benefit (at least 30% reduction in pain intensity) was about 11%. Moderate benefit with prea was experienced by about 28% of people with fibromyalgia, but about 11% more with placebo. A similar magnitude of effect was found using PGIC of'very much improved' and'much or very much improved'. NNTs for these outcomes ranged between 7 and 14 (high quality evidence). A small study (177 participants) compared once-daily prea with twice-daily (daily) prea, and concluded there was no difference in effect. We calculated the outcome of maintained therapeutic response (MTR) without withdrawal, equivalent to a moderate benefit. Of those randomised, about 40% had MTR with preabalin and about 20% with placebo (moderate quality of evidence). The NNT was 5, but normalised to the starting population tested it was 12. About 10% of the initial population would have achieved the MTR outcome, similar to the result from studies of classic design. MTR
We found one randomised controlled trial (involving 135 women with mild preterm pre-eclampsia) that compared the effects of giving magnesium sulphate to women for the protection of the baby's brain. The trial did not report any of this review's primary outcomes. There was no significant difference between the magnesium and placebo groups in Apgar score at five minutes, or gestational age at birth. There were more adverse effects (feeling warm and flushed) in women taking the magnesium sulphide than in the placebo group. However, there was no difference in the number of women with adverse effects severe enough to stop treatment. The review found no significant differences seen between groups in the rates of postpartum haemorrhage (blood loss) and caesarean section. There is not enough evidence to assess the effects and safety of magnesium sulfate when given to women to protect the brain of the preterm baby. More high-quality studies are needed.
This review aimed to evaluate the effectiveness of smoking cessation interventions for Indigenous populations. Four studies met all of the criteria for the review. Two studies used a combination of a pharmacotherapy, a cognitive/behavioural therapy, a text message and a clinic doctors trained in smoking cessation techniques. The results of these studies show that smoking cessation programs targeting Indigenous populations can produce smoking abstinence. However, there is a lack of evidence to support the use of these programs in non-Indigenous populations.
We included 13 studies (5686 patients) in this review. All studies reported some type of hospital mortality (28-day, 30-day or 60-day mortality). We considered studies of high-risk surgery patients (eight studies) and patients with a high risk of complications (five studies) as subgroups for analysis. We found that the use of a PAC did not affect death or hospital stay, or cost. We also found that there was no difference in the number of patients who died in the general ICU (four studies), or in the hospital stay (nine studies). Four studies, conducted in the United States, reported costs based on the hospital charges billed. Two of these studies did not show a difference in hospital costs between the two groups. We concluded that use of PAC is not a useful intervention. Newer and less invasive haemodynamic monitoring tools need to be validated against PAC prior to their use in intensive care.
This review of six studies (n = 478) of variable quality found that venepuncture, when performed by a skilled phlebotomist, is the method of choice for blood sampling in term neonates. The use of a sweet tasting solution (sugar solution) reduced the pain of the procedure and reduced the need for more skin punctures.
We found two small randomised studies of poor methodological quality, involving 52 women with a dehisced and/or infected perineal wound at point of entry. The studies did not provide enough evidence to either support or refute the routine use of secondary suturing for broken down wounds following childbirth. Only one small study presented data on wound healing, which did not show a clear benefit of resuturing. The other study reported on the rates of dyspareunia (pain) at two months and six months. This trial showed a trend towards favouring the resutured group, but this difference was not statistically significant. The trial also reported data on the number of women who had resumed sexual contact by two months. Significantly more women in the resurrected group had resumed intercourse by two-and-a-half months, but by six months there was no difference between the two groups. There were no data on pain at any time, the woman's satisfaction with the appearance of the wound, exclusive breastfeeding, anxiety or depression. Based on this review, there is currently not enough evidence on which to make any recommendations for or against the use of sutured wounds for the treatment of broken-down wounds. There is a need for a large randomised controlled trial to evaluate fully the comparative effects of the two treatment options.
We included 18 studies involving 2521 participants in this review. The methodological quality of 17 included studies was poor. Included RCTs separately compared medicinal herbs with different antiviral drugs, thus preventing a pooling of results. Most Chinese herbs were found to be effective in treating influenza. However, only three studies indicated that compared with antiviral drug, medicinal herbs may be effective at preventing flu and improving flu symptoms. 'Ganmao' capsules (a type of Chinese medicine) were found more effective than amantadine in decreasing flu symptoms in one study. There were no clear differences between 'E Shu You' and ribavirin (a drug) in treating flu, nor in the occurrence of adverse reactions. Most of the included studies showed similar effects to antiviral agents. Few were shown to be better than antiviral medications. No obvious side effects were reported in the studies. However the current evidence is weak due to methodological limitations of the trials. More high-quality studies with larger numbers of participants and clear reporting are needed.
The evidence is current to May 2015. We included 8 studies with a total of 558 participants in this review. The studies compared the following interventions: thrombolytic therapy versus placebo (1 study); low versus high dose thrombotic agents (1); alteplase versus urokinase (1; short versus long thrombosporin-based agent treatment (one); fibrin sheath stripping versus over-the-wire catheter exchange (1) and exchange with and without angioplasty sheath disruption (1). No two studies looked at the same interventions. Most studies had a high risk of bias due to poor study design, broad inclusion criteria, low patient numbers and industry involvement. Most of the studies included in this study were judged to have a high-risk of bias and were potentially influenced by pharmaceutical industry involvement and were therefore judged to be at high risk for bias. Based on low certainty evidence, thrombin sheath replacement therapy may restore catheter function when compared to placebo but there is no data available to suggest an optimal dose or administration method. The certainty of this evidence is reduced due to the fact that it is based on only a single study with wide confidence limits, high risks of bias in the estimates of adverse events and imprecision in the estimate of adverse event rates. There is insufficient evidence to suggest any specific intervention is superior in terms of ensuring either dialysis adequacy or reduced risk of adverse effects. There was no evidence favouring any of these approaches with respect to dialysis-related adverse events. The current review is limited by the small number of available studies with limited numbers of patients enrolled. The evidence is up to date as of May 2015 and further research is required to adequately address the question of the most efficacious and clinically appropriate technique for HD catheter dysfunction.
We found 17 trials reporting on 22 treatment comparisons (2674 patients randomised). Fifteen trials (20 treatment comparisons) reported results for tumour response, and 11 trials (14 treatments) published time-to-event (time to the start of the cancer) data. There were 1532 deaths in 2116 women randomised to trials of the addition of a drug to the regimen and control (the regimen alone). There was no difference in overall survival between these patients. We found no difference between these regimens in time to progression. The addition of one or more drugs to the treatment regimen shows a statistically significant advantage for the response of tumour to the drugs, but the results of the trials did not show a difference in the survival time. The positive effect of the drug regimen on tumour growth was associated with more side effects, such as hair loss, nausea and vomiting.
This review of trials found that a National Normalized Unit (NLU) is better than ICU care in terms of survival, discharge to hospital and functional status. However, it is not clear if this is due to the length of stay in the ICU. There is some evidence that patients are better prepared for discharge from a NLU but it is unclear if this was due to an increased length of inpatient stay. There was no evidence of increased mortality or death to the longest follow up. There were no significant adverse effects. The cost of care on the NLU was higher in the UK but lower in the US. The review found that the cost of the care was higher for UK studies, but lower for US studies.
We included 11 studies including 414 participants in the review. Two studies compared therapeutic ultrasound with placebo, two studies compared one ultrasound regimen with one another, and six studies compared ultrasound as part of a non-surgical intervention with other non- surgical interventions (e.g. exercises and splint). The risk of bias was low in some studies, and unclear or high in other studies. The evidence is up to date as of April 2015. There is insufficient evidence to support the greater benefit of one type of therapeutic ultrasound regimen over another or to support using therapeutic ultrasound as a treatment with greater efficacy compared to other non surgical interventions for CTS, such as splinting, exercises, and oral drugs. There was no evidence that one therapeutic ultrasound treatment regimen is more efficacious than another. Only two studies reported the primary outcome of interest, short-term overall improvement (any measure in which patients indicate the intensity of their complaints compared with baseline, for example, global rating of improvement, satisfaction with treatment, within three months post-treatment). One low quality trial with 68 participants found that when compared with placebo (pretend treatment), therapeutic ultrasound may increase the chance of overall improvement at the end of seven weeks treatment, although losses to follow-up and failure to adjust for the correlation between the two wrists in participants with bilateral CTS in this study suggest that this data should be interpreted with caution. Another low quality study found that at three months after treatment, therapeutic ultrasound plus splint increased the chance that patients were satisfied with treatment compared with splint alone. However, this result was based on a small number of participants and was not statistically significant. Differences between groups receiving different frequencies and intensities of ultrasound, and between ultrasound and another non surgical intervention versus other interventions, were generally small and not statistically important for symptoms, function, and neurophysiologic parameters. No studies reported any adverse effects of therapeutic ultrasonography, but this outcome was only measured in three studies. More adverse effects
We included eight studies involving approximately 10,000 participants in this review. The active interventions were pravastatin, atorvastatin (a drug that blocks the action of the heart), simvastatine, clofibrate (a hormone), conjugate, and conjugated oestrogen. We found that statin therapy in patients with a previous stroke or TIA had a marginal effect on reducing the risk of stroke recurrence. There was no evidence that such intervention reduced all-cause deaths or sudden death. Three statin trials showed a reduction in subsequent major vascular events. There is no clear evidence that statins have a beneficial effect from statins in those with a history of haemorrhagic stroke. In view of this, statins should not be started immediately after stroke.
This review found that there is some evidence that mass media campaigns can change smoking behaviour. However, the quality of the evidence is variable. There is evidence from a small number of studies that some of these campaigns may be effective, but the results of these studies were not consistent. There was no evidence that they had an effect on age, education, ethnicity, or gender.
We included 24 studies with a total of 2166 participants in this review. The evidence is current to January 2017. The review found that yoga can improve health-related quality of life and reduce fatigue and sleep disturbances when compared with no therapy, as well as for reducing depression, anxiety and fatigue, when compared to psychosocial/educational interventions. Yoga did not appear to reduce depression, sleep disturbances or anxiety in the short term. Yoga might be as effective as other exercise programmes and might be used as an alternative to other exercise. No serious adverse events were reported. The quality of the evidence was moderate for yoga versus no therapy and very low for yoga compared with psychosognitive/educative interventions. The main limitations of this review were the small number of studies and participants, and the fact that the results were not consistent across studies.
We included one study that compared the timing of brain imaging (within 48 hours of surgery) with no brain imaging. This study included 125 people with glioblastoma who had undergone surgery. Most patients in the study had surgery for GBM. Most of the patients underwent maximal surgical resection, followed by radiotherapy and temozolomide (a drug that blocks the growth of tumours). The study was at high risk of bias. Evidence from this study suggested little or no difference between early and no early brain imaging in terms of survival (deaths). The evidence was of very low certainty. We found no evidence to support the use of early brain scans for people with GBM who will receive combined chemoradiation treatment. The evidence suggests that early post-operative brain scans among GBM patients who will be treated with combined radiosurgery and combined chemotherapy may make little or little difference to survival. However, early brain scan scans may also be used as a quality control measure, which may lead to early re-operations if residual tumour is found. No other review outcomes were reported. The study did not report on other imaging strategies. In addition, we did not find any relevant economic evaluations that assessed the efficiency of the different imaging schedules. The effect on survival and other health outcomes is unknown. The quality of the evidence was very low. This means that we cannot be certain that the results are valid. Further research is needed.
We included three studies randomising 161 people with schizophrenia. Data were available for only two of our seven main outcomes. There was no clear difference between chlorpromazine and metiapine in terms of improvement in global state. There were no clear differences in the number of people with parkinsonism at eight weeks, readmission due to relapse, or costs of care. There is no high-quality evidence to support the use of chlorpromamide for schizophrenia.
This review of trials found that the use of nitroimidazole antibiotics, mesalamine, azathioprine/6-MP, infliximab, budesonide, tenovil, interleukin-10, and inflixIMab all appear to be better than placebo for preventing the recurrence of Crohn's disease. However, these drugs were associated with a higher risk of serious side effects. There was no difference in the risk of death or other serious complications. There were not enough trials to determine the best way to prevent post-operatively recurrences.
We included seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 885 participants in this review. The psychosocial interventions considered in the studies were: cognitive-behavioural coping skills training (one study), twelve-step programme (one trial), brief intervention (three studies), motivational interviewing (two studies), and brief motivational interviewing. Two studies were considered in two comparisons. The results were as follows. We found low to very low-quality evidence to suggest that there is no difference in effectiveness between different types of psychosfunctional interventions to reduce alcohol consumption among people who use illicit drugs, and that brief interventions are not superior to assessment-only or to treatment as usual. No firm conclusions can be made because of the paucity of data and the low quality of the retrieved studies.
We found 23 trials with a total of 1586 participants. Fifty-eight per cent of these participants were from five unpublished studies. The trials compared quinine to placebo (20 trials, 1140 participants), vitamin E (four trials, 543), a quinne-theophylline combination (three trials, 510), and xylocaine injections (one trial, 24 participants). We found no new trials when we searched for them in 2014. All trials claimed to be randomised, but only a few described how they were conducted. The risk of bias in these trials varied. The most commonly used quinines were 300 mg/day (range 200 to 500 mg). The evidence is current to September 2014. Compared to placebo, quinaine significantly reduced cramps over two weeks by 28%, cramp intensity by 10%, and cramp days by 20%. Cramp duration was not significantly affected. A significantly greater number of people suffered minor side effects on quinace than placebo (mainly gastrointestinal symptoms). Overdoses of quine have been reported elsewhere to cause potentially fatal side effects, but in the included trials there was no significant difference in major side effects compared with placebo. One participant suffered from thrombocytopenia (a blood clot in the leg) on a single trial comparison. A quininine-vitamin E combination, vitamin E alone, and the use of xylocolaine injections into gastrocnemius muscle were not significantly different to quinate across all outcomes, including side effects. Based on one small trial comparison, the use up to 60 days was significantly less effective than a quinoine- theophyllines combination but with no significant differences in side effects (side effects). There is low quality evidence that quinidine (200 mg to 500mg daily) significantly reduces cramps and cramps days, and moderate quality evidence of reduced cramp severity. There is moderate evidence that with
We found seven randomised controlled trials enrolling a total of 406 individuals. Three trials enrolled women with pregnancy-associated cramps (N = 202), and four trials enrolled people who had idiopathic (i.e. nocturnal) leg cramps. The trials compared magnesium to placebo in six trials and to no treatment (placebo) in one trial. The evidence is current to August 2015. For idiopathy (i) the differences in frequency of cramps were small, not statistically significant, and without heterogeneity (I2 = 0%). This includes the percentage change from baseline in the number of cramp per week at four weeks and the difference in the average number of a week per person (0.01 cramps/week). The percentage of individuals experiencing a 25% or better reduction in cramp rate from baseline was also no different, being 8% lower in the magnesium group (95% CI -28% to 12%, moderate quality evidence). Similarly, no statistically significant difference was found at four week in measures of cramping intensity or cramp duration (low quality evidence) for people with idiopathaic leg cramp. Meta-analysis was not possible for trials of pregnancy-related leg cramping. The single study comparing magnesium to no intervention failed to find statistically significant benefit on a three-point ordinal scale of overall treatment efficacy. The two trials comparing magnesium versus placebo differed in that one trial found no benefit on frequency or intensity measures while the other found benefit for both. Withdrawals due to adverse events were not significantly different than placebo. While we could not determine the number or number of subjects with minor adverse events, studies of oral magnesium generally described potential side effects as similar in frequency to placebo. It is unlikely that magnesium supplementation provides clinically meaningful cramp prophylaxis to older adults experiencing skeletal muscle cramps, and for those experiencing pregnancy- associated rest cramps the literature is conflicting and further research in this patient population is
We included one study that compared a six-month home-based, combined muscle strength and recumbent cycle ergometry training program with usual care. The study included 14 people with SMA. The age range of the people in the study was between 10 years and 48 years. The participants were followed up for six months. The results of the study showed that people who received strength training had slightly better muscle strength than people who did not. The change in walking distance was not different between the groups. People in the strength training group had a slightly better walking distance than those in the control group. People who received the training program had similar levels of peak oxygen uptake (VO2max), which is a measure of how much oxygen people can carry out in a single breath. The training group showed a slightly higher score on a test of muscle strength, but the difference was not statistically significant. The trial did not assess the effects of the exercise training on fatigue or quality of life. No study-related serious side effects or side effects leading to withdrawal from the study occurred. The certainty of evidence for all of the outcomes was very low, which means that we are uncertain about the results. We need well-designed and well-powered studies to improve our understanding of how exercise affects people with spinal cord injury.
We found two small trials (N = 149) that compared surgery with physiotherapy, immobilization or other treatments for spondylotic radiculopathy or myelopathy. One trial (81 patients) found that surgery reduced pain, weakness or sensory loss faster than physiotherapy and immobilization. There was no difference in pain relief in the short term. The other trial found no difference between surgery and conservative treatment in three years after treatment. Both small trials had significant risks of bias. It is not clear whether the short-term risks of surgery are offset by long-term benefits. Further research is very likely to have an impact on our confidence in the results and we cannot be certain about the results.
This review of nine studies found that telephone consultation by different kinds of health care workers may have an effect on service use. Telephone consultation may reduce the number of visits to GP's and emergency department visits by patients, but it may also increase the need for out-of-hours visits to the hospital. However, there are concerns as to whether it is safe and whether it has an impact on patient satisfaction. Further research is needed to answer these questions.
We included 84 studies with a total of 22,872 participants in this review. The evidence is current to September 2016. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada, Australia, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand and the United Kingdom. The results of this review indicate that there are no substantive, meaningful benefits of MI interventions for preventing alcohol use, misuse or alcohol-related problems. Although we found some statistically significant effects, the effect sizes were too small, given the measurement scales used in the included studies, to be of relevance to policy or practice. Moreover, the statistically significant effect sizes are not consistent for all misuse measures, and the quality of evidence is not strong, implying that any effects could be inflated by risk of bias. None of the studies reported harms related to MI.
We included 29 studies with a total of 2210 participants. All participants had asthma, and follow-up ranged from 2 to 26 weeks. Most studies were at low or unclear risk of selection and attrition bias and at high risk of blinding. We considered most of the evidence to be of low quality. We classified studies into three comparisons: enhanced face-to-face inhaler training, multi-media-delivered inhaler treatment (e.g. DVD, computer game, or game) and technique feedback devices. We found that most studies had some limitations in their methods, which meant that we could not be certain that the results would be reliable. We also found that the studies used different ways to measure the effect of the interventions. For example, how and when inhaler technique was assessed seemed to affect whether people's technique improved and how much, and whether it improved by how much. Analyses of the numbers of people who demonstrated 'good enough', 'correct' or even 'good' inhaler use (i.e. the number of people using the inhaler correctly) were more useful than checklist scores. Most included studies did not show important improvement in clinical outcomes. Most of the studies did, however, show that there is some benefit for people's asthma control and quality of life, but there was no evidence that it led to important clinical benefits for adults. We did not find evidence that the interventions had an effect on harms. We rated the quality of the included studies as low to moderate. This means that the true effect may be quite different from what we found.
This review identified three small trials, involving 226 participants, that compared mannitol with no treatment in people with ischaemic stroke. One trial included patients with a stroke without a CT scan, and the other two trials included patients who had a stroke with a CT-verified ICH. Data on death and dependency were not reported in any of the trials. The change in clinical condition was reported in two trials, and there was no difference between the mannitor- and control groups. The proportion of those with worsening, not improving, or no improvement condition did not differ significantly. There were no differences between the two groups of patients in the trial of ICH, but the number of deaths was not reported. Adverse events were either not found or not reported, and no differences were found between the groups in the ICH trials. Based on these three trials, neither beneficial nor harmful effects could be proved. There is not enough evidence to support the routine use of mananitol in acute stroke. More trials are needed.
This review of six trials found that D-penicillamine appears to be effective in reducing tender joint counts, pain, physician’s global assessments and ESR. Its effects on long-term function status and radiological progression are not clear. However, its adverse effects were higher in the moderate and high dosage groups, mostly due to increased side effects, including renal and hematological abnormalities. Its efficacy is similar to that of other disease modifying drugs (DMARDs), but with a significantly higher toxicity.
We included four relevant trials. The trials were of low quality. All of them used a decoction containing Huangqi compounds as the intervention with chemotherapy. The intervention groups of three studies were compared to a control group, and the fourth study compared the decoctions of Huangqi compound with two other Chinese herbal treatments. None of the studies reported on the primary outcome using the Common Toxic Criteria (CTC). There was a significant reduction in the proportion of patients who experienced nausea & vomiting when decoications of Huangchi compounds were given in addition to chemotherapy. There was also a decrease in the rate of leucopenia (low white blood cell count) (low blood cell counts <3 x 10^9 per L). Huangqi decoactions were also associated with increases in the proportions of T-lymphocyte subsets: CD3, CD4 and CD8. There were no significant effects on Immunoglobulins G, A or M. We found no evidence of harm arising from the use of Chinese herbs. We need high quality randomised controlled studies investigating the effects of decoakings of Chinese medicinal herbs, particularly Astragalus spp.(as in Huangqi), upon chemotherapy-related side effects.
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared vitamin A and/or DHA with vitamin C alone or with vitamin A or vitamin A plus vitamin A in people with RP. The three trials included 866 participants. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Australia. The participants were aged four to 55 years with RP of all forms of genetic predisposition. One trial evaluated the effect of vitamin A alone, one trial evaluated DHA alone, and a third trial evaluated vitamin A versus vitamin A only. None of the RCTs had protocols for reporting the results of the trials, so it was unclear whether the trials were at risk of bias. No toxicity or adverse events were reported in these three trials. No trial reported a statistically significant benefit of vitamin supplementation on the progression of visual field loss or visual acuity loss. Two of the three trials reported statistically significant differences in ERG amplitudes among some subgroups of participants, but these results have not been replicated or substantiated by findings in any of the other trials. Based on these results, there is no clear evidence for benefit of taking vitamin A/DHA for people with retinopathy of prematurity in terms of the mean change in visual field at one year and the average change in vision at five years follow-up. In future trials, since some of the studies in this review included unplanned subgroup analysis that suggested differential effects based on previous vitamin A exposure, investigators should consider examining this issue. Future trials should take into account the changes observed in the ERG and other outcome measures from trials included in the review, in addition to previous cohort studies, when calculating sample sizes to assure adequate power to detect clinically and statistically meaningful difference between treatment arms.
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 414 people at risk of job loss. All participants had rheumatoid arthritis. The majority of participants had IA, most with RA and to a lesser degree AS. The interventions aimed to prevent job loss and improve work functioning in two ways: firstly, by evaluating work changes or adaptations, and second, by providing any person-directed interventions, such as vocational counselling, advice or education. We found very low quality evidence that job loss prevention interventions had an effect on job loss, work absenteeism and work functioning. Of the two RCTs, the larger one (n = 242) reported a large reduction in job loss in both groups. The other RCT (n= 140) showed similar effects. The latter one probably suffered from performance bias. The one small trial investigating work functioning using a scale of work functioning found no clear results. We assessed the quality of the evidence using the GRADE approach and judged there to be a very low level of evidence for all three main outcomes. We identified no adverse effects. This Cochrane review of three RCTS found that there was very low-quality evidence that interventions aimed at preventing job loss had an impact on work loss and work function. While we need more high-quality RCT studies, the results of this review suggest that these strategies could be effective.
We identified three eligible studies that included a total of 285 preterm infants (140 of which 140 received arginine) from three countries. The evidence is current to August 2016. We found that administration of arginines to preterm babies may prevent the development of NEC. The number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) as required to prevent the onset of NEC was 6 (95% confidence interval (CI) 4 to 10). We found no significant differences in NEC stage 1, NEC stage 2 or NEC stage 3 in the arginin group compared with the control group. The quality of the evidence was moderate. We also found that the number of deaths due to any cause was not significantly different between the treatment group and the control or no treatment group. Follow-up data from one trial revealed no statistically significant differences between the two groups in adverse outcomes (cerebral palsy, cognitive delay, bilateral blindness or hearing loss requiring hearing aids) at 36 months. Limitations of the present findings include a relatively small overall sample size. Because information was provided by three small trials that included 285 participants, the data are insufficient at present to support a practice recommendation. A multi-centre randomised controlled study that is focused on the incidence of NEC, particularly at more severe stages (2 and 3), is needed.
We found four studies involving 1943 participants with acute sinusitis. The trials were well-designed and double-blind and studied INCS versus placebo or no treatment for 15 or 21 days. The rates of loss to follow-up were 7%, 11%, 41% and 10%. When we combined the results from the three trials included in the meta-analysis, we found that people with sinusococcal disease who took INCS were more likely to experience resolution or improvement in their symptoms than those taking placebo. Higher doses of INCS had a stronger effect on improving of symptoms or complete relief. No significant side effects were reported. The drop-out and recurrence rates were similar for the two treatment groups and for groups receiving higher dosages of the drug. No new trials were included in this update.
This review of trials found that the administration of low doses of prophylactic antibiotic (prophylaxis) in preterm babies with very low birth weight infants reduced the number of babies who developed sepsis. There was not enough evidence to be sure that the low doses given to the babies prevented the growth of resistance to antibiotics.
This review aimed to determine whether the choice of dressing or topical agent for postoperative wounds healing by second-wound care affects the time taken for wounds to heal. We found only a small number of studies, all of poor quality, that met our inclusion criteria. The review found that plaster casts applied to an amputation stump speed up wound healing compared with elastic compression. There was no difference in the length of time that the wound took to heal with either dressing. There were no differences in the time that patients spent in the hospital when gauze was used compared with foam. The use of gauze caused more pain than other dressings. Patients treated with gauze were less satisfied with their wound healing. The choice of dressings was determined by chance. The quality of the studies was poor. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials of birth control pills, implants, and intrauterine devices. Four trials examined combined oral contraceptives, and three studied a levonorgestr-releasing device. We found two trials of pills with progestin-only pills (POPs) and two of the etonogestrel-re releasing implant. The trials included 1482 women. The evidence is current to February 2014. Most trials did not report significant differences between the study arms in breastfeeding duration, breast milk composition, or infant growth. For breastfeeding duration two of eight trials indicated a negative effect on lactation duration compared to placebo but did not quantify results. Another trial showed a lower percentage of the LNG-IUS group breastfeeding at 75 days versus the nonhormonal IUD group but no significant difference at one year. For breast milk volume, two older studies indicated lower volume for the COC group versus the placebo group. The other showed lower volume at 16 weeks and at 24 weeks. One trial did not measure this outcome. Another four trials reported any significant difference in milk volume or composition with two POPs, a COC, or the eonogestre implant. Seven trials studied infant growth; one showed greater weight gain (grams) for the esonogestr implant group versus no method for six weeks but less compared with depot medroxyprogesterone acetate (DMPA) from 6 to 12 weeks. The others studied POPs or COCs versus POPs. Results were not consistent across the 11 trials. Of four trials that assessed infant growth, three indicated no significant differences in growth between groups. The quality of evidence was moderate overall and low for three of four placebo-controlled trials of COC or POPs and for two other methods. The sensitivity analysis included six trials with moderate quality evidence and sufficient outcome data. Five trials indicated no difference between groups in breastfeeding time (stimulation time, insertion times,
We found 10 controlled trials from Australia, Singapore and the USA that compared red-light cameras with no camera. The trials were conducted in Australia, the USA and the UK. We grouped them according to the extent to which they adjusted for regression to the mean (RTM) and spillover effects. We found that the only study that adjusted for both reported a rate ratio of 0.71 (95% CI to 0.55, 0.93). For three studies that partially adjusted for RTM but failed to consider spillover, the rate ratio was 0.87 (95%) (range 0.77 to 0). For one study that made no adjustments, the number of crashes was 1.80 (95%). For two studies, there was no difference between the two groups. For the other three studies, the difference was between 0.76 (95%), 0.92 (95%, range 0.73 to 1.15) and 0.74 (95%. For the five studies with no adjustments there was a difference of 1.53 (95. CI 0.17 to 1). For the red light cameras, there were no differences between the groups. Most of the studies did not adjust for RTm or spillover and this may have affected their accuracy. Red-light violations were not reported in any of the included studies. The evidence is less conclusive on total collisions, specific casualty collision types and violations, where reductions achieved could be explained by the play of chance. Larger and better controlled studies are needed.
This review identified four trials involving a total of 494 patients. Three studies involving 383 participants provided data on the proportion of patients who had achieved a therapeutic INR of 2.0 to 3.0 by day five. One study showed that a 10-mg warfarin nomogram was effective in improving the number of patients with VTE who achieved an INR in the first five days of treatment. Another study showed significant benefit of a 5-mg nomogram in outpatients who had VTE. A third study, consisting of both inpatients and outpatient patients, showed no difference. No difference was observed in recurrent venous thromboembolism at 90 days when the warfarins of 10 mg and 5 mg were compared with the 5 mg nomograms. No major bleeding was observed at 14 to 90 days, or in length of hospital stay. In patients with acute thrombotic DVT or PE aged 18 years or older, considerable uncertainty surrounds the use of either a 10 mg or a 5 mg loading dose for initiation of warrenin to achieve an INT of 2 to 3 on the fifth day of therapy. Heterogeneity among analyzed studies, mainly due to differences in types of study participants and length of follow-up, limits certainty surrounding optimal warfarine initiation nomograms for acute venous blood clots.
We included seven trials with a total of 555 participants. Three trials compared enhanced care in the hospital setting with conventional care. Two trials compared an enhanced care model provided in hospital and at home after discharge with usual care. One trial compared a geriatrician-led care in-hospital to conventional care led by the orthopaedic team. None of the trials included people with dementia. The trials were from subgroups of people who had been treated for hip fracture, and the data included in the review were from participants who had dementia or mild cognitive impairment. We found that some of the models of enhanced rehabilitation and care used in the trials may show benefits over usual care for preventing delirium and reducing the length of stay for people who have had hip fracture. There was also low certainty that, compared to orthopointedic-led treatment, geriatricians-led management may lead to shorter length of hospital stays. We downgraded the certainty of the evidence to low or very low, meaning that we are uncertain of the results. There were no data from any of the studies for our primary outcome of the health-related quality of life. We were unable to draw any conclusions from the evidence for our other primary outcome, which was activities of daily living. The certainty of evidence for all other results was very low. The evidence is up to date as of September 2016.
We found seven randomised controlled trials with a total of 840 participants. The studies were diverse in their design, interventions and outcomes. Two studies reported a reduction in the length of stay in hospital for children with acute and chronic illness, and three studies reported increased parental satisfaction. One study each reported no impact on parental burden of care, or on the functional status of children. Home care was more costly for the service providers, but this was reported to be a cost savings for the family. Three studies reported that home-based care reduced parental anxiety and improved child behaviours. Also, better parental coping and family functioning was reported in one small study. One small study reported no effect of home care on the children's physical health. No adverse effects were reported. Further trials are needed to measure health, parental satisfaction, and to assess long-term costs.
We found 40 studies that compared ICM versus standard care, and ICM compared to non-ICM. The evidence is current to September 2016. The studies included 7524 people with severe mental illness. The majority of studies were conducted in the USA. The results showed that ICM may reduce the number of days spent in hospital and may improve social functioning. It also may reduce hospitalisation and increase retention in care. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for the outcomes of adverse events and death by suicide. The main limitations of the review were the small number of studies and the small numbers of people included in the studies. The overall quality of evidence was very low or low for most outcomes. The review found that ICm is effective in ameliorating many outcomes relevant to people with mental illness, including: 1. reducing the number and duration of hospital stay, 2. improving social functioning, and 3. reducing unemployment. The most important finding was that ICMs adherence to the ACT model (the way in which care is provided) may be more effective than non-ACT models for improving social function. The included studies did not provide information on relapse or important improvement in mental state.
This review looked at the effects of box model training compared with no training. The review included 16 trials with a total of 464 trainees. The trials compared box models of different methods of box training. There were no trials comparing box models with animal models or with cadaveric models. All but one trial was at high risk of bias. The results of this review are uncertain as there were too few trials and the results of the review are threatened by the risks of bias and play of chance. There appears to be no difference in the improvement of technical skills in trainees with no previous laparoscopic experience. There was also no difference between the groups in the time taken for the trainee to complete the task. The quality of the trials was low. The impact of this on patients and healthcare funders is unknown. Further well-designed trials are necessary. Such trials should assess the impacts of box models on surgical skills in both the short and long term, and on the clinical outcomes of trainees when the trainees become competent to perform the operation.
This review of two randomised trials found no evidence to support or refute the use of corticosteroids for primary sclerosing cholangitis. One trial compared bile lavage (using a tube inserted into the stomach) with hydrocortisone (using saline). This trial was terminated because the drug had no effect on the patient’s clinical or biochemical outcome. The other trial compared the corticostoid budesonide (using prednisone) with prednison (a steroid). Patients had higher bilirubin concentrations after prednisolone compared with budesonid. No other statistically significant effects on clinical or molecular outcomes were reported. There is no evidence from randomised studies to support the routine use of peroral glucocorticosteroid for patients who have primary cholangeal disease. The application of steroids through the nasobiliary tube seems to induce severe adverse effects. Further research is needed to determine the best treatment for patients with primary cholic disease. This review is up to date as of April 2013.
This review found that early feeding may be associated with a trend towards a better outcome in terms of survival, disability, and disability. This review also found that parenteral feeding is more likely to be effective than enteral feeding. Further trials are needed. These trials should report on not only nutritional outcomes, but also on death and disability, as well as the effect on the patient's quality of life. This plain language summary has been written by a consumer Ben Gray, Service User and Service User Expert, Rethink Mental Illness. Email: [email protected]
We included 57 studies which randomised a total of 34,390 participants. The studies were conducted in a variety of countries and used a range of formats. The main sources of bias were from attrition from the studies, participant blinding and high risk of bias (high risk). Forty one studies (42 comparisons, 19,241 people) provided data for the primary meta-analysis, which showed that participants using a digital intervention drank approximately 23 g alcohol weekly (95% confidence interval (CI) 15.5 to 30) (about 3 UK units) less than participants who received no or minimal interventions at end of follow up (moderate-quality evidence). Fifteen studies (16 comparisons, 10,862 people) demonstrated that participants who engaged with digital interventions had less than one drinking day per month fewer than no intervention controls, 15 studies (3587 people) showed about one binge drinking session less per month in the intervention group compared to no intervention control participants, and in 15 other studies (9791 people) intervention participants drank one unit per occasion less than control participants. There was no difference in alcohol consumption at the end of the study. The BCTs of behaviour substitution, problem solving and credible source were associated with the effectiveness of digital interventions to reduce alcohol consumption and warrant further investigation in an experimental context. The most frequently mentioned theories or models in the included studies were Motivational Interviewing Theory (7/20), Transtheoretical Model (6/20) and Social Norms Theory (6% of 20). Over half of the interventions (n = 21, 51%) made no mention of theory. Only two studies used theory to select participants or tailor the intervention. Only five small studies (390 participants) compared digital and face-to-face interventions. Limited reporting of theory use was unrelated to heterogeneity in intervention effectiveness. Thus, digital alcohol interventions produced broadly similar outcomes in these studies. No studies reported whether any adverse effects resulted from the interventions. A
We included 24 studies in the review with a total of 4233 participants, of which 2124 were randomised to benzodiazepines and 1475 to placebo. The remaining 634 participants were randomly assigned to other treatments. The evidence is current to August 2018. We assessed the overall methodological quality of the included studies as poor. We rated all studies as at unclear risk of bias in at least three domains. In addition, 20 of the 24 included studies were at a high risk of systematic error (ie, there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way the studies were conducted). The results of the review suggest that benzodiazapine may be superior to placebo in the short-term treatment of panic disorders. The dropout rate was lower among participants treated with benzodizapine than with placebo. However, the number of dropouts due to side effects was higher with benzidiazepines than with a placebo. Furthermore, our analyses of side effects showed that a higher proportion of participants experienced at least one side effect when treated with a benzodazapine compared to placebo, but the quality of this evidence was low. The quality of evidence for the other outcomes was very low. With the exception of the analyses of the change score data for depression and social functioning, all secondary outcome analyses showed an effect in favour of benzoduzapine when compared to a placebo in terms of efficacy and acceptability. The results regarding the efficacy of benzidiazapines versus placebo provide only limited guidance for clinical practice. The clinician's choice should be guided by the patient's preference and should balance benefits and harms from treatment in a long-term perspective.
We found 13 small randomised trials (1520 participants randomised to tai chi or sham tai) that met our criteria. Seven studies recruited 903 healthy participants, the other studies recruited people with high blood pressure, elderly people at high risk of falling, and people with hypertension with liver and kidney disease. All studies were short term (one year or less) and all studies were at some risk of bias. There was some suggestion that there was some benefit of tai Chi on CVD risk factors, but this was not consistent across all studies. There were no deaths from any cause, non-fatal events or cardiovascular disease. There is no evidence that tai Ching is beneficial for lipid levels. Quality of life was measured in one trial: taichi improved quality of life at three months. None of the included trials reported on adverse events, costs or occurrence of type 2 diabetes. There are currently no long-term trials examining tai-chi for the prevention of CVD. The limited evidence available currently does not allow conclusions to be drawn as to the effectiveness of ta-chi on the primary prevention of cardiovascular risk factors. More longer-term, high-quality trials are needed.
This review looked at the effects of family-based programmes on preventing children and adolescents from starting to smoke. The evidence is current to September 2014. We found 27 studies that tested different family-focused programmes. The programmes were very different in the components of the family intervention, the other risk behaviours targeted alongside tobacco, the age of children at baseline and the length of follow-up. The interventions were tested in the USA, two in Europe, one in Australia and one in India. The studies were generally of moderate quality. There was moderate quality evidence that family interventions had a positive impact on preventing smoking when compared to a control group receiving no intervention or usual care, or school-based interventions provided to all participants. There were more studies of high intensity programmes compared to no intervention, than there were for other compairsons. Most of these studies used intensive interventions. Most studies had a judgement of 'unclear' for at least one risk of bias criteria, so the quality of evidence was downgraded to moderate. Based on this moderate-quality evidence a family intervention might reduce uptake or experimentation with smoking by between 16 and 32%. However, these findings should be interpreted cautiously because we could not include data from all studies. Our interpretation is that the common feature of the effective high intensity interventions was encouraging authoritative parenting (which is usually defined as showing strong interest in and care for the adolescent, often with rule setting). This is different from authoritarian parenting (do as I say) or neglectful or unsupervised parenting. No studies identified any adverse effects of intervention. The quality of the evidence was moderate.
We included three studies with a total of 451 participants in this review. Two studies compared dexamethasone to placebo, and the third compared a number of other corticosteroid drugs, including metoclopramide, chlorpromazine, and tropisetron, to placebo. The duration of the studies ranged from seven to 14 days. We found two studies with data at eight days of treatment, but no data were available for the third study. The studies were of very low quality. Corticosteroids given to adults with cancer did not reduce nausea or increase vomiting. The frequency of adverse events was not different between groups, and both treatments were well tolerated. The quality of this evidence was downgraded by three levels, from high to low, due to the small number of studies, imprecision, and lack of data.
We included 10 studies in this review. Three studies included HIV-infected children, four cystic fibrosis children and one each sickle cell disease, cancer, and low birth weight neonates. The studies lasted from seven days to three years. The quality of the evidence from studies including children with HIV infection, cystic fibre or cancer was moderate. There was no significant difference in the frequency of adverse events or the number of children who died. In children with sickle cells, there was no evidence of an increase in the number who developed pneumonia. There were no significant differences in the rate of children with lung infections. In two studies, there were no differences between the children who were given ciprofloxacin (two studies) and those who were not (one study). In the one study of children in the group of children that used co-trimoxazole (a drug that reduces inflammation) there was a reduction in the risk of death. The one study in which children were given co-tricyclic antibiotics found a significant decrease in the rates of hospital admission per child-year (one year). There was not enough evidence to determine whether antibiotic prophylaxis reduced the number or severity of certain antibiotic-related adverse events. The effect of antibiotics on growth was inconsistent across the studies. There is no evidence that antibiotics prevent the emergence of pathogenic strains of bacteria in children with CF. The overall quality of evidence was moderate for all outcomes. The main limitation of the review was the small number of studies and the small numbers of children included in the studies, which made it difficult to draw reliable conclusions.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 519 participants. Three trials randomised participants to nitrous oxide or carbon dioxide (three trials), helium (five trials), or room air (one trial). Four trials randomly assigned participants to helium (three studies), and one trial did not state the number of people in each group. None of the trials was at low risk of bias. There was not enough evidence to determine the effects of nitrous or helium on complications of the heart or lungs, or on surgical complications. There were no serious adverse events related to either gas. We could not combine data from two trials (140 participants) which individually showed that people had less pain with room air or nitrous gas on the first postoperative day. The quality of the evidence was very low. The evidence of lower costs and reduced pain with the use of room air and room air pneumoperitoneum compared with the standard method of breathing (carbon dioxide) was also very low quality. The safety of the different gases (nitrous, helium, argon, and room as well as room air) has yet to be established. Further trials are needed, and should use various gases (i.e. nitrous and helium, nitrogen, and nitrogen gas) and compare them with carbon dioxide. Future trials should also look at outcomes such as complications, serious side effects (substances that can lead to death or illness) and pain.
This review identified 14 studies investigating dexamethasone. Eight studies enrolling a total of 303 infants investigated the cumulative dosage administered; three studies compared a high dose versus a low dose; and five studies a moderate versus a moderate dose. Analysis of the studies investigating the dose of corticosteroids given in the first few weeks of life showed that a moderate-dose regimen was associated with an increased risk of BPD (typical risk ratio (RR) 1.50, 95% CI 1.01 to 2.22; typical risk difference (RD) 0.26, 95/CI 0.03 to 0.49; number needed to treat for an additional harmful outcome (NNTH) 4). Two studies investigating a high-dose versus a lower-dose dose of steroids showed similar results although the former only reached borderline significance. Four other studies enrolled 762 infants investigated early initiation of dexametasone therapy versus a moderately early or delayed initiation and showed no significant differences in the primary outcomes. The two RCTs investigating a continuous versus a pulse regimen showed a higher risk of the combined outcome death or BPD when using the pulse therapy. Finally, two trials investigating a standard regimen versus a participant-individualized course of dex amethaetin therapy showed no difference in the main outcome and long-term neurodevelopmental outcomes. Despite the fact that some studies reported a modulating effect of treatment regimens in favor of higher-dosage regimens on the incidence of brain injury and developmental impairment, recommendations on the optimal type of steroid dose, the optimal dosage, or the optimal timing of initiation for the prevention of B PD in preterm infants cannot be made based on current level of evidence. A well-designed large randomised controlled trial is urgently needed to establish the optimal systemic postnatal steroid dosage regimen. The quality of evidence for all comparisons discussed above was assessed as low or very low, because the validity of all comparisons is hampered by small samples
This review of trials found no evidence of benefit when corticosteroids, intravenous or oral steroids, or steroids given by injection were used to reduce the risk of heart valve lesions. However, the trials were old and the results should be viewed with caution because of the age of the studies and the substantial risk of bias. New trials in patients with acute rheumatic fever are warranted.
We included six studies with a total of 12,294 participants from 79 communities. Two studies that assessed insecticide spray as a fly control measure found that trachoma is reduced by 55% to 61% with this measure, compared to no intervention. However, this was not confirmed by a second study, which found that a small amount of spray was effective in reducing the number of cases. Another study found that health education reduced the number with which people were exposed to trachomiasis. These findings have not been confirmed by another study, however, which found that it was not possible to draw any conclusions from this study. The studies did not find any evidence that spraying insecticide insecticides was an effective way of controlling trachomas. One study found a reduction in the incidence of one of the other interventions, latrine provision, but this was, therefore, not statistically significant and findings from a more recent study. Health education had shown significant reduction of trachome in one study, but another study did not demonstrate this. Generally there is a dearth of data to determine whether the use of all aspects of the environment in which people live are effective in the control of the condition.
This review of 15 studies (1043 participants) found that CBT is effective in reducing fatigue at post-treatment compared with usual care, and may be more effective than other psychological therapies. However, the evidence base at follow-up is limited to a small number of studies with inconsistent findings. There is a lack of evidence on the comparative effectiveness of CBT alone or in combination with other treatments, and further studies are required to inform the development of effective treatment programmes for people with chronic fatigue.
We found one randomised controlled trial (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) which included 46 people with HbSS, HbSC, HBSβ+thal and HbSE. Of the 46 people in the study, seven people withdrew before randomisation, leaving 39 people out of the study. The study was conducted in the USA. The participants were randomised to receive oral vitamin D3 (cholecalcifol) (n = 20) for six weeks and were followed up to six months. Only 25 people completed the full six months of follow up. The vitamin D group had higher serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) levels at eight weeks, at 16 weeks, and at 24 weeks. Two people from the treatment group have missing values of 25-OHD at the start of the trial, so the number of samples analysed was 37. The quality of the evidence for this outcome was low. There was no difference of adverse events (tingling of lips or hands) between the vitamin D and placebo groups, but this result was based on only one small study. Regarding the frequency of pain days, the vitamin group had fewer pain days compared to the placebo group, but the difference was not significant. Furthermore, the review included PedsQL scores, which are a measure of how well children and adults with sickle cell disease can perform physical activities. We found that the vitaminD group had a lower (worse) health-related quality (health-based) score than the control group but this score was not significantly different at eight and 16 weeks. However, this difference was significant at both 16 weeks and 24 weeks of follow-up. We considered the quality of evidence for the outcome to be moderate. The included study had a high risk of bias with regards to incomplete outcome data (high dropout rate in the placebo control group), but a low risk of
We found only one study that compared two different speech and language therapies, the Nuffield Dyspraxia Programme 3 (NDP-3) and the ReST (ReST), in 26 children, aged 4 to 12 years. The study was funded by the Australian Research Council; the University of Sydney International Development Fund; a Douglas and Lola Douglas Scholarship on Child and Youth Health; Nadia Verrall Memorial Scholarship; and aJames Kentley Memorial Fellowship. Treatments were delivered intensively in one-hour sessions, four days a week for three weeks, in a university clinic in Australia. Speech pathology students delivered the treatments in the English language. Outcomes were assessed before therapy, immediately after therapy, at one month and four months post-therapy. A number of cases in each cohort had recommenced usual treatment by their speech and Language pathologist between one month or four months after treatment. The quality of the evidence was moderate. Both the NDP-3 and ReST therapies demonstrated improvement in word accuracy, speech production consistency and the accuracy of connected speech. ReST demonstrated a marginally greater effect than NDP--3 for accuracy of production on treated words, and for accuracy in connected speech of at least three word combinations. No formal analyses were conducted to compare the two therapies by the original study authors, hence one treatment cannot be reliably advocated over the other. We are also unable to say whether either treatment is better than no treatment or treatment as usual. We judged all core outcome domains to be low risk of bias. We downgraded the quality of evidence by one level to moderate due to imprecision, given that only one randomised controlled trial was identified. Further RCTs replicating this study would strengthen the evidence base. Similarly, further trials of other interventions, in other age ranges and populations with CAS and with co-occurring disorders, are needed.
This review included four studies that randomly assigned a total of 268 participants to receive antibiotics or no treatment. One study in the UK in adults studied pyrimethamine for four weeks; one in the US in adults and children evaluated a steroid called trisulfapyridoxine for eight weeks; and one in Brazil in people with active retinochoroids for 12 months. The studies were conducted in Brazil, the UK, and the US. One of the three studies was at high risk of bias due to poor reporting. The other three studies were at low or unclear risk of being biased. The last study in Brazil involved all participants who were treated with antibiotics 45 days prior to randomisation to trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole versus no treatment, but did not provide details of the treatment. In all four studies antibiotic was given orally. Only the study of the trimethopsin-chloride treatment in Brazil reported the effect of treatment on visual acuity. People treated with antibiotic treatment may have had a similar change in vision at one year as people treated with a placebo. There was no good evidence that this treatment led to better vision. The study of trimethuprim-clomiphene for 12-month treatment reported that the severity of inflammation was higher in the comparator group when compared to the antibiotic-treated group. In the UK study of pyrimetsamine-chloropyridide for four-week treatment, intraocular inflammation had almost completely resolved by eight weeks in all participants, however in this study all participants received steroid treatment. Two studies (UK and US studies) reported an increased risk of adverse events in treated participants. These were a fall in haemoglobin, leucocyte, and platelet count, nausea, loss of appetite, rash, and arthralgia. Treatment with antibiotics probably reduces the risk of recurrent toxoplasma-related eye infections, but there is currently no
We included 43 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 3749 participants. Twenty-two trials compared the Gamma nail with the sliding hip screw. The Gamma nail was associated with an increased risk of surgical fixation and reoperation, and an increased reoperation rate. There were no major differences in wound infection, mortality or medical complications between the two implants. Five trials (623 people) compared the intramedullary hip screw with the SHS. The SHS had a higher risk of fixation, wound infections, wound closure, wound reoperation and length of hospital stay. There was no difference in fracture fixation complications, reoperations, wound infection or length of time spent in hospital between the SHs. None of the 10 trials (1491 people) of nail versus extramedulary implant comparisons for trochanteric fractures provide enough evidence to establish definite differences between the implants under test. Two trials (65 people) found that nails with the head of the nail were associated with fewer fracture fixations than fixed nail plates. However, these two trials were small and of poor quality. Further studies are needed to confirm whether more recently developed designs have fewer complications than previous nails.
We found only one study that met our inclusion criteria and was included in the review. It analysed data for 47 women who had either palliative surgery (n = 27) or medical management with a drug, called Octreotide, for bowel obstruction. Women with poor performance status were excluded. The evidence is up to date as of April 2014. The study found that women who received surgery had significantly better survival than women who were given medical management, but the magnitude of this effect was not reported. Quality of life (QoL) was not recorded and adverse events were incompletely documented. We found only low quality evidence comparing palliation surgery and medical management for bowel blockage in ovarian cancer. Therefore we are unable to reach definite conclusions about the relative benefits and harms of the two forms of treatment, or to identify sub-groups of women who are likely to benefit from one treatment or the other. However, there is weak evidence in support of surgical management to prolong survival.
This review of four trials found that statins improve lipid profiles and reduce levels of testosterone, but there is no evidence that statin use improves the resumption of menstrual regularity or ovulation rate. There is also no good evidence that there is any benefit in terms of hirsutism, acne or weight. There were no serious side effects reported in the included studies. There was a need for more research to be done with large sample sizes and well-designed RCTs to assess the effects of statins on the clinical outcomes of PCOS.
We searched scientific databases for studies of palliative treatments for vaginal bleeding in women with cancer. We found no new studies since the last version of this review, and we found no evidence from randomised controlled trials to support or refute the use of any of the proposed treatments. We searched for studies up to April 2014. We identified only observational data from single-arm studies of women treated with formalin-soaked packs, radiotherapy techniques or radiotherapy. We did not find any evidence from controlled trials that compared any of these treatments with radiotherapy alone. Radiotherapy techniques for managing vaginal bleeding are not readily available in resource-poor settings, where advanced cases of cervical cancer are predominant. Therefore, the choice of intervention will be based on local resources. Thus, this systematic review identified the need for a randomised trial assessing the benefits and risks of pablative treatments in women who have cervical cancer.
This review of trials found that, compared with radiotherapy alone, temozolomide is an effective primary treatment for patients with GBM. It prolongs the time taken for the tumour to shrink (time to shrink) and time to progress (time until the tumours have spread) without affecting quality-of- life, but it does increase side effects. In patients with recurrent GBM, it may have benefits on QoL, without increasing side effects, but there is a higher risk of side effects in the elderly. In the same way, in patients with HGG, it appears to be comparable to radiotherapy in terms of time to progression and progression of the cancer, but with a higher rate of side events.
We found two studies that investigated interventions to improve the performance of district health systems managers. One study conducted in Cambodia found that private contracts with international nongovernmental (NGO) organizations (NGOs) may improve health care access and use of facilities. However, the study did not find that the contracts had an effect on health care use. The other study found that training district health system managers in an intermittent training course (18 months or more) over 18 months may improve their performance. In three countries, managers who did not receive the training courses had between 2.4 and 8.3 twice as many management deficiencies as those who did. No studies that aimed to investigate interventions that might help to keep district health workers in their jobs have been found. More studies are needed to determine the best way to keep health workers and their managers.
We included three studies that involved 123 people. All three studies reported on mortality, and deaths occurred in two studies. There was no clear evidence of a difference in mortality between treatment groups. Out of the 123 people randomized and treated, six people died; the causes of death were pneumonia, pulmonary embolism, and septic shock. There were some evidence from three small studies that showed that surgical treatment was preferable to nonsurgical management for reducing the number of people with pneumonia, chest pain, chest deformity, and tracheostomy. The length of time spent on a breathing machine, duration of stay in the intensive care unit, and length of hospital stay were measured in the studies. Due to different results in the three studies, we could not combine the results and have been separately. Chest pain, heart tightness, bodily pain, and side effects were each measured in one study. There is some evidence that surgery may be more effective than medical treatment for people with COPD. More well-designed studies are needed to confirm these results. The methods used for blinding the people and researchers to the treatment group were not reported, but as the comparison is surgical treatment with medical treatment, this bias is hard to avoid.
Cerivastatin is a drug that lowers cholesterol and is used to lower cholesterol in adults. This review of 50 trials found that it is more potent than fluvastatin and is more effective than atorvastat, but less effective than rosuvastatan. It is not clear whether it has any side effects. We did not find enough evidence to know whether it is harmful.
We included 28 studies which randomised a total of 6851 patients. Most studies were of high quality. We found that remote ischaemic preconditioning made little or no difference to serum creatinine levels at postoperative days 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6. Serious adverse events occurred in four patients who had their kidneys clamped by clamp. Compared to control, remote ischemic pre-surgical preconditions made little, if any, difference to the need for dialysis, length of hospital stay, death, or all-cause mortality. It is not clear whether the use of the cuff inflation method leads to increased adverse effects. The quality of the evidence was moderate for all outcomes. The evidence is up to date as of February 2016.
This review included 12 trials with 703 participants. Eight trials primarily investigated the efficacy of treatments for PSF, of which six trials (with seven comparisons) provided data suitable for meta analysis. Five pharmacological treatments: fluoxetine, enerion, (-)-OSU6 162, citicoline, a combination of Chinese herbs, and two non-drug interventions: a fatigue education programme and a mindfulness-based stress-reducing programme. There was not enough evidence to be sure that any of these treatments are effective in reducing PSF. Four trials (248 participants) did not investigate the efficacy on PSF but on fatigue, and none of the other symptoms of PSF were investigated. None of the treatments described showed any benefit on reducing fatigue. There were no trials on preventing PSF or sleep apnoea or other symptoms. There is not enough information to say whether any of the therapies described are effective. Some of the interventions described were feasible in people with stroke, but more research is needed. Trials to date have been small and varied. Some have had high risk of bias.
We found three small randomised trials, enrolling 74 preterm infants, that evaluated treatments for hyperkalaemia. The trials were very small with a total of 74 infants. The intervention and the outcome assessments could not be blinded. One study (Hu 1999) showed that the combination of glucose and insulin (two studies) reduced the risk of death from all causes (one study). In the other two trials (Hu 1991 and Singh 2002) the combination was found to be superior to the use of cation-exchange resin (one trial). The combination of insulin and glucose inhalation (two trials) showed no difference in serum K+ (a measure of blood sugar) from the start of treatment. The two interventions could possibly be tested against each other. The other trials (Singh 2002 and Malone 1991) found no differences in the incidence of haemorrhage (blood in the brain) between the groups. No serious side effects were noted with either the combined treatment or with either albuterol or saline (two small trials). Other treatments for high blood sugar have not been studied. The results of this review should be interpreted with caution as there is a lack of evidence.
This review of trials found evidence that IVIg started within two weeks of onset of MS hastens recovery as much as PE. However, IVIG is more likely to be completed than PE. There is no evidence to suggest that PE hastens the recovery of MS in children. There are no trials in adults. More research is needed in mild disease and in patients whose treatment starts more than two weeks after onset. One trial is in progress. Dose-ranging studies are also needed.
We included 28 randomized clinical trials with a total of 9330 participants. The trials compared a high fraction of inspired oxygen with a low fraction. In 21 trials, 7597 participants were assigned to a high percentage (60% or more) of inspired air (high fraction) versus a low percentage (30% or less) of oxygen. In trials with an overall low risk of bias, a high proportion of inspired blood oxygen was not associated with death from any cause within the longest follow-up and within 30 days of treatment. In a trial sequential analysis, the required information size was not reached and the analysis could not refute a 20% increase in mortality. Similarly, when all trials were included in the analysis, high percentage of inspired breath was not related to death from all causes within the most recent follow- up or within the first 30 days after the operation. A high fraction was associated with no serious adverse events or length of stay in the hospital. In nine trials using preoperative antibiotics, a higher fraction of oxygen was associated a decrease in surgical site infections. A similar effect was noted in the five trials adequately blinded for the outcome assessment. We did not observe an effect of a high percent of inspired breathing on surgical site infection in any other subgroup analyses. As the risk of adverse events, including mortality, may be increased by a fraction of 60% or higher, and as robust evidence is lacking for a beneficial effect of 60 percent or higher on surgical sites infection, our overall results suggest that evidence is insufficient to support the routine use of a fraction in a high amount of inspired ventilation during anaesthesia and surgery. Given the risk to bias in the included trials, the risk for bias in outcome reporting and the risk that the results may be biased, further randomized clinical studies with low risk and long-term follow-ups are warranted.
We found 25 randomised controlled studies (involving 3258 children) that compared the use of oral antibiotics to treat children up to 16 years of age with OME up to six months of age. Twenty-five trials (3663 children) were eligible for inclusion in this review. Two trials did not report on any of the outcomes of interest, leaving 23 trials covering a range of antibiotics, participants, outcome measures and time points for evaluation. We found moderate quality evidence that children treated with oral antibiotics are more likely to have complete resolution of OME at two to three months post-randomisation (primary outcome) than those allocated to the control treatment (five trials, 742 children). However, there is evidence (albeit of low quality; five trials, seven42 children) indicating that these children are more than twice as likely to experience diarrhoea, vomiting and skin rash (primary outcomes). In terms of other secondary outcomes, only two trials (849 children) reported on hearing levels at two weeks and found conflicting results. None of the trials reported data on speech, language and cognitive development or quality of life. Low quality evidence did not show that oral antibiotics were associated with a decrease in the rate of ventilation tube insertion (two trials, 121 children) or in tympanic membrane sequelae (one trial, 103 children), while low quality evidence indicated that children were less likely to be treated with antibiotics within four to eight weeks and within six months after the start of the trial (two studies, 199 children). It should be noted that when we excluded studies with high risk of bias, the beneficial effect of antibiotics on acute otitis media episodes was no longer significant. The impact of antibiotics for short-term hearing is uncertain and low quality of evidence showed that oral antibiotic use was not associated with fewer ventilation tube insertions. Furthermore, we found no data on other important outcomes (speech, language, cognitive development, and quality oflife) such as speech and language
This review of 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) found that reducing protein intake appears to slightly slow progression to renal failure but not statistically significantly so. However, questions concerning the level of protein intake and compliance remain. Further longer-term research on large representative groups of patients with both type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus is necessary. Because of the variability amongst patients, there might perhaps be a six month therapeutic trial of protein restriction in all individuals, with continuation only in those who responded best. Trials are required of different types of protein. We found no data on the effects of LPDs on health-related quality of life and costs.
We found 19 studies involving 3480 people. Twelve studies were of good methodological quality, and seven were of lower quality, according to the van Tulder scoring system. Within the subgroup of people with predominantly mild brain injury, we found that most people made a good recovery when they were given appropriate information and advice, and when they received formal treatment. For people with moderate to severe injury,'strong evidence' showed benefit from formal intervention, and 'limited evidence' indicated that commencing rehabilitation early after injury results in better outcomes. For participants with moderate-to-severe brain injury already in rehabilitation, we also found that more intensive programmes are associated with earlier functional gains, and that continued outpatient therapy could help to sustain gains made in early post-acute rehabilitation. The context of multi-disciplinary rehabilitation appears to influence outcomes. 'Strong evidence' supports the use of a milieu-oriented model for patients with severe brain injury in which comprehensive cognitive rehabilitation takes place in a therapeutic environment and involves a peer group of patients. Group-based rehabilitation in a therapy-oriented milieu (where patients undergo neuropsychological rehabilitation in an environment where they share similar challenges with a peer-group of individuals) represents an effective approach for patients requiring neuropsychology rehabilitation following severe brain injuries. Patients discharged from in-patient rehabilitation benefit from access to out-patient or community-based services appropriate to their needs. Patients who present acutely to hospital with mild-to moderate brain injury benefit from follow-up and appropriate information. Those with moderate or severe-severe disease benefit from routine assessment so their needs for rehabilitation can be assessed. Intensive intervention appears to lead to earlier gains in functional recovery, and earlier intervention whilst still in emergency and acute care has been supported by limited evidence. The balance between intensity and cost-effectiveness has yet to be determined. Not all questions in rehabilitation are addressed by randomised controlled trials or other experimental approaches. For example, trial-based literature does not tell us which
We included one randomised controlled trial (involving 176 women) in this review. This trial compared rooming-in versus separate care. The evidence is current to September 2016. The trial compared four groups of women who were assigned to a rooming in versus a separate care group. The women were divided into three groups using a pair-wise comparison. We combined three of the groups as the intervention (rooming-in) group and the fourth group acted as the control (separate care) and we analysed the results as a single pair-woven comparison. The study reported on the duration of any breastfeeding, duration of exclusive breastfeeding and the proportion of infants who were exclusively breastfed at six months of age. We found no difference found between the two groups in the percentage of infants receiving any breastfeeding. The mean frequency of breastfeeds per day on day four postpartum was slightly higher in the roomed-in group, i.e. seven times per day. However, the between-group comparison of this outcome was not appropriate since every infant in the separate care groups was breastfed on a fixed schedule of seven times a day, resulting in no estimable comparison. None of our other pre-specified secondary outcomes were reported. The rate of exclusive breastfeed before discharge from hospital was significantly higher among women who received full mother-infant rooming (99 of 115 women) compared with separate care (17 of 38 women). We found little evidence to support or refute the practice of rooming or separate care for mother and infant separation. Further well-designed randomised trials are needed to investigate full mother and baby rooming and separate care including all important outcomes.
This review found eight trials involving 660 participants. Seven of the eight studies were of poor quality. Follow-up time was less than one month in six trials. Only two trials provided data for the number of participants who were dead or dependent at the end of 28 days of treatment. The total case fatality rate was lower than 1% in the sanchi group indicating that participants probably had mild strokes. Few adverse events were reported. The results of the trials suggest that sanchic acid may be beneficial and safe for people with stroke. However, the small sample and poor quality of the studies prevented a definite conclusion.
This review aimed to determine the benefits and disadvantages of the timing of the implant placement. The review found that there is not enough evidence to determine whether there is any difference between the timing techniques for the placement of implants in fresh teeth. However, there is a suggestion that there might be a difference in the risk of implant failure and complications between implants placed immediately after tooth extraction and those placed 2 years later. There is also some evidence that the appearance of the implants might be better when placed just after teeth extraction. There was not enough reliable evidence supporting or refuting the need for augmentation procedures at immediate implants placed in fresh extraction sockets or whether any of the augmentation techniques is superior to the others.
We found two trials of clioquinol (PBT1) in people with mild Alzheimer's dementia. One trial compared cliocinol (PB1) with placebo in 36 patients and 32 had sufficient data for us to analyse. There was no significant difference in cognition (as measured on the Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale - Cognition (ADAS-Cog)) between the active treatment and placebo groups at 36 weeks. The difference in mean change from baseline ADAS-cog score was 7.37 (95% confidence interval (CI) 1.51 to 13.24) and 6.36 (CI -0.50 to 13). The second trial compared PBT2, a successor to PBT1, with a placebo in 78 participants with mild dementia. There were no significant differences in cognition between the two groups at week 12. However, two executive function component tests of the NTB showed significant improvement over placebo in the PBT-2 250 mg group from baseline to week 12: category fluency test (2.8 words, 95% CI 0.1 to 5.4; P = 0.041) and trail making part B (-48.0 s) (-83.0 to -13.0). In the executive factor Z score, the difference in least squares mean change (0.27 (0·01 to 0·53; p=0·042) was 0·27 for PBT 2 250 mg compared with placebo. There is no significant effect on cognition on Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) or ADAS -Cog scales. PBT has a favourable safety profile. The planned phase III trial of PBBT1 has been abandoned and this compound has been withdrawn from development. The second study showed that after 12 weeks this compound appeared to be safe and well tolerated in mild Alzheimer’s dementia. We have some concerns about the quality of the study methodology; there was an imbalance in
We included 36 studies with 2999 participants. Trials were conducted for 14 weeks on average, with some as long as 12 months. Two trials specifically included children. Nineteen trials included people with pulmonary hypertension from all causes. PDE5 inhibitors appear to have clear beneficial effects in group 1 PAH. PAH participants were more likely to improve their WHO functional class, to walk 48 metres further, and to be 22% less likely to die. The number needed to treat to prevent one extra death was 32. There was an increased risk of adverse events with the use of these drugs, such as headache, gastrointestinal upset, flushing, and muscle aches and joint pains. There were no evidence of a difference in the number of deaths. Five trials compared PDE-inhibitors to placebo (a pretend drug) in people with PH-left-heath disease. The results of these trials were inconclusive. In those with PH with left-hearts disease, there were reduced odds of a functional class improvement in those taking PDE inhibitors, and those walking further in 6MWD. There is some evidence that PDE inhibitor treatment may improve lung function in PH due to lung disease. However, there was no evidence that this treatment had an effect on death. The evidence was of low certainty due to the small number of trials and differences between trials. The quality of the evidence was low or moderate for all outcomes.
We included 22 randomised controlled trials involving a total of 2193 participants. The trials compared nerve stimulation with either single or double injections. The evidence is current to September 2014. The review found that nerve stimulation techniques using nerve stimulation for axillary plexus block produce more effective anaesthesia than either double or single injection techniques. However, there was insufficient evidence to draw any definitive conclusions regarding differences in other outcomes, including safety. Compared with multiple injections, the time for block performance was shorter for single injection and double injections, however there was no difference in time to readiness for surgery. Tourniquet pain was significantly reduced with multiple injection compared with double injection. Otherwise there were no statistically significant differences between groups in any of the three comparisons on secondary analgesia failure, complications and patient discomfort. The quality of the evidence was high for the reduction in primary anaesthesia failure, and high-quality evidence for reduction in incomplete motor block.
We found three studies that compared the effects of beclomethasone 200 mcg twice daily to a placebo (dummy treatment) or non-steroidal asthma therapy on growth. All three studies were of mild-moderate asthma. In all three studies, the growth of children with mild asthma was reduced by a mean of 1.54 cm per year. The average decrease was -1.54 centimetres. These studies lasted a maximum of 54 weeks, so it is unclear if the decrease in growth is sustained. We are not able to make any comment on the growth effects of other inhaled steroids. If inhaled steroid treatment is needed to control a child's asthma, we recommend using the minimum dose that effectively controls the child’s asthma, closely following growth.
This review found that APD has not been shown to be superior to CAPD in terms of clinical outcome. APD may however be considered advantageous in select group of patients, such as in those with a higher risk of peritonitis, and those in the younger PD population, as well as those in employment or education, due to psychosocial advantages. There is a need for a randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compares CAPD with APD, with sufficient numbers of patients looking at important clinical outcomes.
This review of 37 trials (9312 patients) found that CRT was superior to RT in terms of survival, progression-free and recurrence-free survival (PFS) in patients with early-stage HD. However, it was not shown to be better than CT in advanced stages (i.e. IIIA or III to IV) of HD. The superiority of CRT also applied to early and advanced stages separately. This effect, also seen in AL and ST separately, was due to the first-line treatment. SM risk was higher with CRT but not significant for early stage (I-II) HD patients. For advanced stages of HD, CRT better prevents progression/relapse but CT alone seems to cause less SM.  RT alone gives a higher overall SM risk than CRT. Reduced SM risk after IF-RT instead of EF-RT could not be demonstrated. Due to the large number of studies that were excluded due to no IPD and to the inclusion of many outdated treatments, one must be cautious in applying these results to current therapies.
We found 26 studies with a total of 4893 participants. Twenty-five of the studies were case series or uncontrolled long-term trial continuations, the other was an RCT comparing two opioids. Opioids were administered orally (number of study treatments groups [abbreviated as "k"] = 12, n = 3040), transdermally (k = 5, 1628), or intrathecally (n = 10). Many participants discontinued due to adverse effects (oral: 22.9% [95% confidence interval (CI): 15.3% to 32.8%]; transdermal: 12.1% [ 95% CI: 4.9%) to 27.0%]; intrathecal: 8.9%, or insufficient pain relief; oral: 10.3%, [95%, CI: 7.6% to 13.9%; intrathecyte: 7% to 14.8%, respectively; transderm: 5.8%) and 5.2% to 7.9%). Many patients discontinue taking opioids (especially oral opioids) due to side effects or lack of pain relief. However, weak evidence suggests that patients who are able to continue opioids long term experience clinically significant pain relief, whether quality of life or functioning improves is inconclusive. Many minor side effects (like nausea and headache) occurred, but serious side effects, including opioid addiction, were rare. Signs of opioid addiction were reported in 0.27% of participants in the studies that reported that outcome. All three modes of administration were associated with clinically significant reductions in pain, but the amount of pain reduction varied among studies. Findings regarding quality of lives and functional status were inconclusive due to an insufficient quantity of evidence for oral administration studies and inconclusive statistical findings for transdermatic and intrathecular administration studies.
We found only one trial with a total of 212 participants, all with spinal cord injury. The participants were mainly male (98.2%, 106/108) with a mean age of 58.4 years in the oxandrolone group and all male (100%, 104/104) with an average age of 57.3 in the control group. This trial compared 20 mg/day anabolic corticosteroid (20 mg/d) with placebo (an inactive substance containing 98% starch and 2% magnesium) and reported on complete healing of ulcers, adverse events, pain, wound size and cost of treatment. The trial was stopped early when the results of the trial were not consistent. The certainty of the evidence was very low. We are uncertain whether oxandrogolone improves the healing of pressure ulcers and we are uncertain if it increases or decreases the risk of serious side effects. We also assessed the certainty of this evidence as low for the outcome of complete ulcer healing, as we were unable to assess the effect of anabolic steroids on this outcome, and for the outcomes of pain, length of stay in hospital, change in wound size, wound surface area, incidence of different type of infection and cost. We judged the overall quality of the available evidence to be very low, as there were only a small number of studies and most of the studies were of poor quality. The included trial was terminated early when it was not able to show any benefit for oxandragolone over placebo for the treatment of open pressure ulcer. There is no high quality evidence to support the use of anabolites for the management of pressure Ulcers. Further well-designed, multicenter trials, at low risk of bias, are necessary to assess whether anabolite treatment is effective in treating pressure ulters, but careful consideration of the current trial and its early termination are required when planning future research. Overall the evidence in this study was of very low quality
We included six randomised controlled trials involving 8372 people. Four trials compared email communication to standard mail, and two compared email to usual care. All trials were judged to be of high risk of bias. For the primary health service outcome, there was no difference between email and standard mail. For both comparisons (email versus standard mail) there were no differences in patient or caregiver understanding and support. There was no clear difference between groups for patient-related behaviours, actions, or costs. For email versus usual care only, there is no difference in patient health status and well-being. There were no data on healthcare professionals, harms, or harms to patients. The evidence on the use of email for the prevention of disease and health promotion was weak, and so inadequate to guide clinical practice. The available trials mostly provide inconclusive, or no evidence, for the outcomes of interest. Future research needs to use high-quality study designs, which take advantage of the latest developments in technology, and consider the complexity of the email as an intervention.
This review includes 11 trials involving 855 participants. A total of nine studies used the addition of postural restrictions as their modification of Epley postural restriction. There was no evidence of a difference in the results for post-treatment vertigo intensity (a measure of vertigo control) or subjective assessment of improved vertigo scores. Pooled data identified a significant difference in frequency of Dix-Hallpike test conversion (which is a test used to assess vertigo) between the group receiving post-Epley restrictions and the control group. In the group of patients who received postural restricted posture, 88.7% (220 out of 248) patients compared to 78.2%, in the group that did not receive postural restrictive posture (219 out of 280), had a positive to a negative test conversion rate (a test that compares the conversion of the positive to the negative test). No serious adverse effects were reported. However, three studies reported minor complications (such as neck stiffness, BPPV) in some patients. There were no reports of benefit of additional steps in the EpleY manoeuvre, or of mastoid oscillation (where the muscles of the neck move in a certain way). No side effects of the treatment were reported, but it is important to note that this small improvement is only a small improvement in treatment efficacy. There is not enough evidence to support the routine use of the 'extra' mastoid-oscopy technique (which involves oscillating the neck muscles in a specific direction) or the use of an 'augmented' version (where additional steps are added) of the routine application of mastoids during the Eley manoeuvre. Neither treatment is associated with any serious side effects.
We found four randomised controlled studies (involving a total of 231 participants). The studies compared different types of surgery versus various types and doses of steroids and steroids plus antibiotics. All participants also received steroids. There were three comparison pairs: (1) endoscopy (surgical treatment) versus systemic steroids (one study), (2): polypectomies (suture removal of the nose with a camera to look inside the nasal cavity) and (3): ESS plus topical steroid versus antibiotics plus high-dose topical steroid (one): endoscopic sinus surgery plus topical steroids versus antibiotics alone (one); and (4): endoscope (suturing the nose) versus antibiotics (one) (one: endoscopic versus systemic; the other two: polypectomy plus systemic; and ESS + topical steroid plus antibiotics versus antibiotics and high dose topical steroid) (two studies, 87 participants). All participants received topical steroids but doses and types were the same between the treatment arms of each study, except for the study using antibiotics. In that study, the medical treatment arm had higher doses than the surgical arm). In two of the studies, the authors failed to report the outcomes of interest. Complications Complication rates were not reported in all studies, but rates of up to 21% for medical treatment and 14.3% for surgical treatment are described. Epistaxis was the most commonly reported complication with both medical and surgical treatments, with severe complications reported rarely. The overall quality of the evidence was very low or low, mainly because of the small number of studies and participants, the small numbers of participants and differences in the types of treatments and comparisons used in these studies. The evidence does not show that one treatment is better than another in terms of patient-reported symptom scores and quality of life measurements. The one positive finding from amongst the several studies examining a number of different comparisons must be treated with appropriate caution, in particular when the clinical significance of the measure
We included eight trials (709 participants) from middle-income countries of Asia, Africa, Europe, and Latin America. The trials compared the effect of zinc-fortified staple foods with unfortified foods (comparison 1). Four trials compared foods fortified with zinc with foods without zinc (comparing 1). The trials lasted between one and nine months. We found no trials on zinc deficiency. We did not find evidence that zinc fortification of foods with zinc increased the risk of being underweight or stunted. We also found no evidence that the addition of zinc to foods did not reduce the proportion of people who were underweight. The evidence is up to date as of April 2018. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for all outcomes. The quality of evidence was downgraded because of the small number of trials and participants in each trial, and because the trials were small.
We included 11 studies involving 3060 men with metastatic prostate cancer. The evidence is current to September 2015. The studies compared the use of non-steroidal antiandrogens with medical or surgical castration for men with advanced prostate cancer, and compared the effects of nonsteroidal drugs on cancer-specific survival, clinical progression, treatment failure and treatment discontinuation due to side effects. The quality of evidence was moderate for overall survival, cancer progression and treatment failure. The risk of side effects, such as breast pain, gynaecomastia and hot flashes, was increased when non-stimulant drugs were used. The effects of the use non-sertraline drugs on the cancer-related survival and cancer-relevant progression were unclear. The overall quality of the evidence was low for all outcomes. The main limitations of the review were the small number of studies and the risk of bias in the included studies. Further research is likely to have an important impact on results for patients with advanced but non-metastatic prostate cancers treated with non-strange drugs. However, we believe that research is unlikely to be necessary on non-steeroidal drugs for this group of men.
The review of trials found that screening reduces breast cancer deaths by 15% and reduces the risk of dying from breast cancer. However, this result is based on a small number of trials and the trials were of poor quality. We found that there was no difference in the risk for breast cancer-related death after 13 years of screening. We also found that the trials did not find an effect of screening on death from any cause, including breast cancer, or on all-cause mortality. The number of women who had surgery or mastectomies was larger in the screened groups. The use of radiotherapies was similar in the groups who had been screened. The trials with adequate risk of bias did not show a reduction in breast cancer mortality. There was also no difference between the screened and the control groups in the use of chemotherapy. The evidence is up-to-date as of September 2013. The review found that more women who were screened for cancer in the trials had cancer than in the control group, but there were no differences in the number of cases of cancer recurrence or in the need for additional treatment. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate.
We included four studies, with a total of 522 women in this review. Three studies investigated 10,000 units hCG priming compared to no priming, and one study investigated 20,000 unit hCG compared to 10.000 unit priming. One study compared 20, thousand units h CG priming with 10, thousand unit primering. Three of the studies only included women with PCOS (N = 122), while this was an exclusion criteria in the fourth study (N=400). We found no conclusive evidence that priming had an effect on live birth, pregnancy, or miscarriage rates in IVM. The quality of the evidence was low, the main limitations being lack of blinding and imprecision. We found low quality evidence that suggested that hCG may reduce clinical pregnancy rates, however, these findings were limited by the small number of data included. As no data were available on adverse events (other than miscarriage) or on drug reactions, we could not adequately assess the safety of priming for IVM, and we need further evidence from well-designed randomised controlled trials before we can come to definitive conclusions about the role of hCG and the optimal dose and timing. We rated all four studies as having an unclear risk of bias in more than one of the seven domains assessed.
This review of 24 trials found that both ERT and HRT do not prevent cognitive decline when given as short term (up to five years) or longer term (three and four years) treatment in older postmenopausal women. The review also found that ERT or HRT does not prevent overall cognitive decline in older women without dementia. It is not known whether either type of treatment has specific effects in subgroups, although there was some evidence that combined hormone and placebo therapy in similar aged women had a decrement in a number of verbal memory tests. There was also some evidence of a small improvement in a test of figural memory. There is not enough evidence to say whether there is a specific subgroup of women who benefit from specific types of hormone therapy. It remains to be decided whether factors such as younger age (< 60 years of age), type of menopause (surgical or herbal), and type of hormone treatment (type of hormone with or without progestagen), mode of delivery (transdermal, oral or in the muscle) and dose have positive effects. In addition, whether the absence or presence of symptoms of menopausal symptoms can alter treatment effects should be investigated in more detail. Large RCTs are currently taking place in the USA and this may be able to answer these questions by 2010. In the meantime, the review concluded, based on the available evidence, ERT nor HRT should not be recommended for overall cognitive improvement or for maintenance treatment for women without mild cognitive impairment.
We included two studies with 880 participants in this review. Both studies lasted 12 weeks. We identified one ongoing trial with 80 participants. We found that both studies used the same combination of ICS/LABA (fluticasone furoate and vilanterol 100/25 mcg once daily; FF/VI) and LAMA (18 mcg tiotropium; TIO). They were published as full articles, and neither study was at low risk of bias. We are uncertain about the effect of inhaled ICS and TIO on the number of deaths, COPD exacerbations, pneumonia, and total serious side effects. None of the lung infections were fatal. We did not find any difference between the two treatments in terms of side effects, but we found no difference in the percentage of rescue medication use, hospital admissions (all-cause), or adverse events. The quality of the evidence was low for all of the outcomes. The studies were small, and we are not confident in the results. We need more studies with longer-term follow-up to be able to draw firm conclusions.
This review identified four short-term randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the efficacy and safety of psychotherapy and drug treatment for BDD. Four RCTs were included, with data from 169 participants. The findings of these studies need to be replicated. Future studies should include other populations, such as adolescents, and use other selective SRIs, as well as other psychological therapy approaches (alone and in combination), in addition to the sparse data currently available.
This review identified three randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 268 adults, that compared cotrimoxazole desensitization to cotrifenac for the treatment of opportunistic infections. The trials found that when compared with cotrhoxazoles that were rechallenge-dosing, the use of cotraceroside (cotrimxazole decensitized) resulted in fewer treatment discontinuations and fewer adverse reactions. However, the trials did not show that this treatment led to a reduction in the number of people discontinuing treatment. No severe adverse reactions were reported for either protocol. Further RCTs are urgently needed.
We included three trials enrolling 148 newborns in this review. We found no new trials for this update. We considered these trials to be of moderate quality. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK and Australia. The duration of the trials was longer in the midazolam group than in the placebo group. Each study showed a statistically significantly higher sedation level in the sedation group compared with the control group. However, none of the scales used to assess the effectiveness of midazolinam have been validated in preterm infants; therefore, we could not ascertain the effectiveness and safety of this sedative in this population. Duration of NICU stay was significantly longer in infants receiving midazolanam compared with infants receiving placebo. One study (43 infants) reported significantly lower Premature Infant Pain Profile (PIPP) scores during midazolate infusion than during dextrose (placebo) infusion. Another study (46 infants) observed a higher incidence of adverse neurological events at 28 days' postnatal age (death, grade III or IV IVH or PVL) in the morphine group compared to the morphine-infused group. The quality of the evidence was moderate for all of the outcomes. The evidence is up to date as of February 2016. We identified no new studies for this review update.
This review of 12 trials involving 767 participants found no evidence of benefit for antibiotics in NTS diarrhoea. There was a higher risk of adverse events in people who received antibiotics. We are uncertain of the effects in very young people, very old people, and in people with severe and extraintestinal disease.
We included 23 studies (n = 4192) in this review. Twenty studies are awaiting classification. The studies were heterogeneous in terms of age, gender, main diagnosis, setting, country, sepsis criteria, year of publication, and the source of infection. The included studies varied in a number of ways, including the type of blood tests used, the number of patients who were diagnosed, and how often the patients were tested. We found that the studies were of poor quality. The results of the review should be interpreted with some caution. We considered all studies to be at high risk of bias, due to issues related to the test domain in the blood test. The quality of the evidence was very low. We concluded that if we test a cohort 1000 adult patients with a high level of sepsi, we will find that 330 patients would be wrongly considered to have sepsitis, while 130 patients would not be wrongly diagnosed. In addition, 370 out of 1000 patients would avoid unnecessary antibiotic therapy, and 170 patients would have been undiagnosed. The conclusions of this review will likely change once the 20 studies pending publication are fully published and included in the review. The 20 conference proceedings assessed as studies awaiting classification may alter the conclusions of the overall review once they are published and evaluated. Further studies about the accuracy of interleukin-6 for the diagnosis of sePSis in adults that apply rigorous methodology for conducting diagnostic test accuracy studies are needed.
We included 29 randomised controlled trials (5718 participants) in the review. Four trials compared wound dressings with no wound dressing. The remaining 25 studies compared alternative types of wound dressing, with the majority of studies comparing a basic dressing (wound contact dressings) with film, silver, hydrocolloid, silver-containing, or silver-contaminated dressings. We included 29 trials with a total of 5718 participants. There were 16 trials that included people with wounds that had been treated with a 'clean' dressings, five trials that looked at people who had had what was considered 'clean/contaminate' surgery, and the other five trials included people undergoing a variety of different surgical procedures. The studies were small, reported low numbers of wound infections, and were often not clearly reported. We assessed the certainty of the evidence as low or very low, mainly due to risk of bias and lack of information. We summarise the results of comparisons below. We are uncertain whether wound contact or any wound dressing is more effective than no wound contact, or any other type of dressing, in reducing the risk of wound infection, improving wound wound healing, pain, and scarring, or is easier to get rid of. There was limited and low certainty evidence on other outcomes, such as scarring and pain, as well as on the cost of the dressing and the ease of removal. We conclude that it is not clear if covering surgical wounds by covering them by dressing costs reduces the risk or increases the risk for wound infections.
We found two randomised controlled trials. One trial randomised 179 women to either a placebo (dummy pill) or selenium, DHA or EPA. The other trial compared docosahexanoic acid (DHA), eicosapentaenoic acid, and eicOSapentaeneic acid with placebo. The women were randomised to each group in a random fashion. The trial found that seenium had an effect on EPDS scores but did not reach statistical significance. There was a high risk of attrition bias due to a high proportion of women withdrawing from the study or not completing an EPDS. This included study (n = 85) found that there was no difference in the effect on the self-assessed postpartum depression score. The study did not report on any of the secondary outcome measures of this review. There is currently no evidence to support the use of dietary supplements to prevent post-natal depression.
We identified 11 studies that evaluated different doses of anthracycline, and we found that giving an infusion of six hours or more reduces the risk of heart failure, and it also reduces the chance of heart damage. We found no evidence that different peak doses of the drug make a difference in the occurrence of the disease. We identified no clear evidence about the effects of the different peak durations on the heart. There is a need for more high-quality research in this field.
We included 37 studies with a total of 3110 participants in this review. Nine studies were new studies since the last update (2009) and five studies had been previously excluded but were added to the review when we re-assessed them in 2017. Most studies included both adults and children. Most of the studies were conducted in hospitals in the emergency department. We considered duration of treatment and length of follow-up in the included studies, but we did not pool these data for analysis. We found no high-quality evidence to support the routine use of hypothermia for people with TBI. We judged the quality of the evidence to be very low for all outcomes. The studies were poorly reported and we were not able to assess the risk of bias adequately. We downgraded the evidence for the pneumonia outcome to low. We did not find any evidence that there is any benefit from the treatment of TBI patients who have been treated with hypothermic drugs. Further research is needed to establish the effect of hypotherapy for people who have suffered a TBI and to establish if hypotherapy is beneficial.
This review identified three studies, involving a total of 519 people with depression. The studies were very diverse in terms of interventions, participants, and measuring instruments. Despite fairly good quality methodological quality and positive findings of some studies, the results of the studies did not exceed the level 3 (limited or conflicting evidence) for the effectiveness of family therapy for depression. There was moderate-quality evidence, from three studies (moderate risk of bias), indicating that the results from the three studies were consistent, and that family therapy is more effective than no treatment or waiting list condition on decreasing depression, and on increasing family functioning. The current evidence base is too small and sparse to draw conclusions on the effectiveness and safety of the family therapy in the treatment of depression. At this point, use of psychological interventions, for which there is already an evidence-base, would seem to be preferable. Further high-quality trials are required.
This review identified three trials involving a total of 206 participants, all patients with vascular dementia. All three trials were assessed as being at risk of bias. The trials were small and of low methodological quality. The results of this review did not provide enough evidence to support the routine use of Duxil for dementia. More high-quality and large-scale trials are needed.
This review of trials found that people with axillary lymphadenectomy who had drains inserted were less likely to develop a seroma (seroma) than those who did not have drains inserted. They also spent less time in the hospital. There was no difference in the number of people who developed lymphoedema (inflammation), nor was there any difference in how long the drain was in place. There were also no differences between the two groups in terms of how many people had an infection, how long they spent in the emergency room, or how much blood they had to give. There is not enough evidence to be sure that a drain is better than no drain.
This review of trials found that flavonoid intake did not reduce the risk of colorectal neoplasms. However, there was some evidence to suggest that it may reduce the incidence of CRC. There was no evidence that high anthocyanin intake had an effect on the risk. There is insufficient and conflicting evidence to determine the effect of flavonoids on the prevention of colon cancer.
We included seven trials with a total of 1369 participants in this review. Five trials used our first definition of slow responders, and three other trials (including one that used both) used the second definition. None of the trials mentioned our primary outcomes. The length of treatment was 48 weeks to 72 weeks. The duration of the treatment was variable, ranging from three weeks to three months. The number of participants who had a sustained virological response was higher in the groups that had been treated for 72 weeks compared with the control group. However, there was no significant difference in the number of patients who had relapsed after 72 weeks of treatment between the two treatment groups. There was no reporting on mortality and the reporting of clinical outcomes and adverse events was insufficient. More data are needed in order to recommend or reject the policy of extending the treatment period for slow responders. The observed effects can be due to both systematic error (bias) and random errors (play of chance).
We found two studies (34 participants) that evaluated the accuracy of EUS in assessing the resectable cancer in people with pancreatic cancer. Both studies were conducted in the USA. The studies were of low risk of bias. There was low concerns about applicability for most domains in both studies. There is no evidence to suggest that EUS should be performed routinely in people who have pancreatic or periampullary cancer found to have cancer on CT scan. Based on two small studies, there is significant uncertainty in the utility of EU in people found to be cancer free after CT scan in pancreatic cancers. No studies have been conducted in people having cancer of the eye.
This review identified 34 studies (2169 participants with blepharitis) that evaluated the effectiveness of different treatments. There was no strong evidence that any of the treatments were effective in curing chronic blepharyngitis. Topical antibiotics, such as topical steroids, were shown to be effective in relieving bleh skin inflammation, but there was no evidence that they cured blehness. Lid hygiene may provide symptomatic relief, but the results of the other treatments were inconclusive. There were no strong results for any of these treatments in terms of curing blehting. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found only one study that compared photodynamic therapy with no treatment. This study included a total of 23 children with RRP. None of our primary outcomes were measured and only one outcome (reduction in volume of disease) was measured. There was no difference between the groups. Adverse effects were reported in this study. One child had swelling in the airway requiring intubation. There is not enough evidence to determine whether the use of photodynamic therapies can alter the course of RRP or increase the benefit of surgery in children with recurrent RRP who have had RRP in the past. More research is needed.
We identified 42 studies with 4220 participants. Twenty studies provided data on the number of participants. Sixteen of these studies evaluated the accuracy of CDUS. These studies were generally of low quality: only three of them fulfilled all the quality of the QUADAS tests, and in six (40%) of the studies, the delay in between the tests was unclear. In eight (50%), the blinding of either the index test or the reference standard was not clearly reported. In two of the eight studies (12%), the interpretation of the standard (the 'blind' part) was not clear. Eleven of the 22 studies evaluated CDUS: five (45%) studies fulfilled all of the tests, four (36%) did not report clearly the blinding interpretation, and two (18%) had problems with how they reported the time between the two tests. Based on the results of the individual studies, we found that CDUS was superior to CDUS in terms of sensitivity (i.e. the ability to correctly rule out the presence of an endoleak) and specificity (the ability to accurately identify the type of endoleake). The improvement in sensitivity with the use of a contrast device was statistically significant. When we combined the results from individual studies (18 studies), we found higher sensitivity for CDUS (95% CI 0.72 to 0.85) and 0.95 for CUS (96%CI 0.87 to 1.96) compared with CDUS with no contrast. The quality of evidence was moderate to low for all outcomes. This review demonstrates that both ultrasound modalities (with or without contrast) showed high specificity. For ruling in endoleaks, CPE-CDUS appears superior to CUS. In an ultrasound surveillance programme CE-CDUs can be introduced as a routine diagnostic modality followed by CT scan only when the ultrasound is positive to establish the type and the subsequent therapeutic management. This plain language summary was adapted by the review authors from a
We included seven studies, with 766 participants. The evidence is current to January 2015. All seven studies reported on low back pain in labour only. Four studies used injections of sterile water, two used subcutaneous injections, and one both. The studies were of good methodological quality, but four studies were at high risk of bias due to small size of treatment groups, incomplete outcome data, and performance bias. All studies reported treatment group mean or median scores, finding greater reduction in pain for sterile water. However, failure to demonstrate a normal distribution for pain intensity or relief, and use of different scales, meant meta-analysis was inappropriate. No study reported primary dichotomous efficacy outcomes. One reported the number self-scoring 4/10 cm or more of pain; significantly more had this outcome with sterile water (50% to 60%) than with placebo (20% to 25%). There was no significant difference between sterile water and saline for rates of caesarean section, instrumental delivery, rescue analgesia, timing of delivery, or Apgar scores. Two studies reported that more women treated with saline water would request the same analgesia in future. No adverse events were reported other than transient pain with injection, which was worse with saline. The outcomes reported severely limit conclusions for clinical practice. We found little robust evidence that sterile water is effective for low back or any other labour pain. Neither did we find any difference in delivery or other maternal or fetal outcomes. Further large, methodologically rigorous studies are required to determine the efficacy of sterilised water to relieve pain in childbirth.
We included 12 studies with a total of 1932 participants in this review. The evidence is current to January 2015. The studies compared glue with sutures for mesh fixation in people with Lichtenstein hernia repair. We found that glue may reduce chronic pain after the operation compared with suture. However, the results changed when we compared the type of mesh. The reduction of chronic pain was less profound and insignificant in the glue group compared with the suture group. Hernia recurrence was similar between the two groups. Fixation with glue was superior to suture regarding duration of the operation, haematoma, and recovery time to daily activities. We also investigated adverse events. For superficial wound infection, we found no significant difference between the groups. Furthermore, we investigated seroma (a swelling caused by fluid) and persisting numbness. Finally, six trials involving 1009 participants reported postoperative length of stay, resulting in non-significant difference between groups. Due to the lack of data, it was impossible to draw any distinction between synthetic glue and biological glue. The quality of the evidence was moderate to low for all outcomes. Nearly half of the included trials either did not provide adequate information or had high risk of bias regarding blinding processes. Two trials did not report on some important outcomes. One study was funded by the manufacturer producing the fibrin sealant. Therefore, according to the 'Summary of findings' tables, the quality of evidence for the outcomes is moderate.
We found 32 studies addressing technical editing and 66 surveys of reference accuracy. Only three of the studies were randomised controlled trials. A package of 'package' of largely unspecified editorial processes applied between the acceptance of a manuscript and its reporting was found to improve readability in two studies and improved reporting quality in another two. Providing clear instructions to authors was associated with fewer errors in references in two of the three studies. Structuring generally improved the quality of abstracts, but increased their length. The reference accuracy studies showed that a substantial number of references in the biomedical articles are cited or quoted inaccurately.
We included 15 studies including 721 participants with cancer pain due to diverse types of cancer. All studies were performed on adults, and there were no studies on children. The included studies were small, of short duration, and most had shortcomings in their methods. Most studies investigated the effect of a single dose (30 mg to 120 mg), while five used treatment periods of one, six, or 21 days. There were no data for children. We found that codeine is more effective than placebo in relieving cancer-related pain, but there is a risk of side effects, such as nausea, vomiting, and constipation. There was insufficient data for us to be able to pool the results of the studies. The studies did not report side effects. We rated the quality of the evidence as moderate for pain relief and pain intensity, and low for side effects and serious side effects because of poor reporting.
This review identified 12 trials of 563 people with HbSS, HbSC or HbSβthal, aged six to 35 years old, who were African-American. Interventions ranged from a total of one hour to weekly sessions for eight weeks. The number of participants in the trials ranged from 11 to 35. The trials were conducted in a variety of settings, with different types of interventions and different time periods. The results of this review suggest that educational programs can improve patient and caregiver-related knowledge, and also reduce depression. The effect on knowledge was sustained for longer than for caregivers. There was no effect on depression. No effects of educational programs were seen on coping, family relationships, health-related quality of life or on the use of health services. No studies were found on the recognition of signs and symptoms of sickle cell disease. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. The overall risk of bias was low for selective reporting, unclear for blinding of personnel and unclear for random sequence generation. In summary, we found that the quality of evidence was moderate for patient knowledge, but low for depression and low for coping, healthcare use and depression. We found that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the results and may change the estimates.
We included six studies with 2411 participants in this review. All six studies included adult participants between 16 and 80 years old, and all studies were of short duration. The duration of treatment ranged from 7 to 16 weeks. Only one study included participants with both focal (headache) and generalised (generalised) onset seizures, and the other five trials only included participants who had focal start seizures. The evidence is current to August 2016. The review found that people taking brivaracetam with other drugs were more likely to experience a 50% or greater reduction in seizure frequency than those taking placebo. They were also more likely than those on placebo to achieve seizure freedom. However, people taking add-on brivar acetam were more than twice as likely to withdraw from treatment because of side effects compared with those taking a placebo. The quality of the evidence was moderate for the outcomes of seizure frequency, seizure freedom, and side effects. The overall quality of evidence was low for the outcome of treatment withdrawal for any reason, as well as for the risk of participants experiencing one or more side effects, which was not significantly different following treatment with brivaractam compared to placebo. It is important to note that only one of the eligible studies included participants whose seizures were generalised. None of the studies included children younger than 16 years old. Consequently, these findings are mainly applicable to adult patients with drug-resistant focal epilepsy. Future research should thus focus on investigating the tolerability and efficacy of bribaracetam during longer-term follow-up, and should also assess the efficacy and tolerability of brivarateam in managing other types of seizures and its use in other age groups. We judged two studies to have low risk of bias, and four to have unclear risk. One study failed to provide details on the method used for allocation concealment, and one did not report all outcomes prespecified in the trial protocol. Another study did not describe how blinding was maintained, and
We included 38 studies, mostly from high-income countries, many of which examined mothers' perceptions of vaccine communication. Some focused on the MMR (measles, mumps, and rubella) vaccine. In general, parents in the studies wanted more information than they were getting. Lack of information led to worry and regret about vaccination decisions. Parents wanted to know more about vaccination and about the benefits and harms. They also wanted more balanced information about vaccination benefits and the harms, and they wanted vaccination information to be provided at a wider range of places, including outside health services, and in good time before each visit to the clinic. They viewed health workers as an important source of information, and had specific expectations of their interactions with them (high confidence). Poor communication, negative relationships with health workers, and lack of trust in the information provided may have impacted on vaccination decisions (moderate confidence). Parents found it difficult to know which sources they could trust and it was challenging to find information they felt was unbiased. The amount of information parents wanted and the sources they felt could be trusted was linked to more parents wanting more information (low confidence). We have high or moderate confidence in the results of this review. We have low or very low confidence in some of the results. We found that most of the studies looked at the way in which parents were given information prior to the vaccination appointment, and how the information was given to parents, and we found that parents were more likely to accept the information they were given. None of the trials addressed whether parents were aware of the health worker's motives or if they were concerned about the way the health workers provided information. We also found that some parents may have been less likely to vaccinate their children. The quality of the evidence was high for most of our findings, but we had low confidence for some outcomes. More research, especially in low- to middle-income country settings, could strengthen the findings.
We found 10 randomised controlled studies (RCTs) that tested different psychological therapies. We included these studies in the review, with a total of 599 anorexia nervosa participants. Two of the 10 trials were conducted in the USA, and two in Australia. Trials tested diverse psychological therapies and comparability was poor. Risks of bias were mostly evident through lack of blinded outcome assessments (in 60% of studies) and incomplete data reporting (attrition bias). The results suggest that treatment as usual (TAU) when delivered by a non-eating-disorder specialist or similar may be less efficacious than focal psychodynamic therapy. This was suggested for a primary outcome of recovery by achievement of a good or intermediate outcome on the Morgan and Russell Scale (very low-quality evidence). However there were no differences between cognitive analytic therapy and TAU for this outcome, nor for body mass index (BMI). There were also no differences in overall dropout rates between individual psychological therapies or TAU. There was a suggestion in one trial that focal psychodynamics might be superior to TAU, but this is in the context of TAU performing poorly. An alternative control condition of dietary advice alone appeared to be unacceptable, but again this is based on just one trial. Dietary advice as a control arm had a 100% non-completion rate in one study (35 participants). None of the trials identified any adverse effects. Insufficient power was problematic for the majority of trials. Owing to the risk of bias and limitations of studies, notably small sample sizes, we can draw no specific conclusions about the effects of specific individual psychological therapy for anorexia nervosa in adults or older adolescents. Larger RCTs of longer treatment duration and follow-up are needed.
The review included 516 participants from three randomised controlled trials. One trial was conducted in the USA and consisted of two trials: the first trial randomized 151 adults to receive silicone oil or sulfur hexafluoride (SF6). The second trial, which had a power of 80% to detect differences between the two groups, was a multi-centre international trial. The third trial randomized 94 people to receive heavy silicone oil (a mixture of perfluorhexyloctane (F6)8 and silicone oil) or standard silicone oil. The first two trials were funded by the US National Eye Institute, and the third trial was funded by a German Research Foundation. The use of either perfluropropane gas or silicone oil appears reasonable for most patients with RD associated with PVR. Because there do not appear to be any major differences in outcomes between silicone oil and perfluorohexyl octane gas, the choice of a tamponade agent should be individualized for each patient. There were no significant differences between heavy silicone oils and standard silicone oils in terms of achieving at least 5/200 visual acuity or achieving macular attachment at a minimum of one year. There was no significant difference between the use of silicone oil with or without the addition of a synthetic gas (perfluoropropane gas) and the use in the second trial of heavy oil. In the third study, which used a power greater than 80%, heavy oil was not shown to be superior to standard oil. Of the 94 participants, four died, 26 had recurrent retinal detachment, 22 developed glaucoma, four developed a cataract, and two had capsular fibrosis. None of the trials employed masking of participants and surgeons, and only the third case masked outcome assessors. All three trials appear to have been free of reporting bias. The trial had a large number of participants excluded from the final analyses, while the other two trials had low
We included five randomised controlled trials (involving 1819 women) in this review. The evidence is current to September 2016. The trials compared planned early delivery versus planned late delivery for women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy after 34 weeks' gestation. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand and the United Kingdom. There was a lower risk of composite maternal mortality and severe morbidity for women randomised to receive planned early birth compared with women who received planned late birth. There were no clear differences between groups based on our subgroup analysis by gestational age, gestational week or condition. Planned early delivery was associated with a lower rate of HELLP syndrome and severe renal impairment. However, there was not enough information to draw any conclusions about the effects on composite infant mortality or severe illness. There is no clear difference between groups for caesarean section or in the duration of hospital stay for the mother after delivery of the baby or for the baby. The level of evidence was graded high (composite maternal deaths and morbidity), moderate (caesareans, duration of stay in hospital after delivery for mother, and duration of time spent in hospital for baby) or low (composed infant mortality and illness). Where the evidence was downgraded, it was mostly because the confidence intervals were wide, crossing both the line of no effect and appreciable benefit or harm. No studies attempted to blind participants or clinicians to group allocation, potentially introducing bias as women and staff would have been aware of the intervention and this may have affected aspects of care and decision-making. Two fairly large, well-designed trials contributed the majority of the evidence. Other studies were at low or unclear risk of bias.
This review included six studies (involving 142 participants) that compared three-times-a-week prophylactic treatment with on-demand treatment in children with hemophilia. Two of the studies compared three times a week treatment with a clotting factor concentrate and found that it was more effective in preventing bleeding. Three of the other four studies compared two types of blood clotting factors, hemophils A and B, and found no difference in bleeding frequency. One of these studies showed a statistically significant decrease in the number of joint bleeds with prophylectomy, but the other two studies did not demonstrate an advantage of one treatment over the the other. The fourth study compared weekly (15 IU/kg) versus bi-weekly (7.5 units per week) treatment with clotting Factor concentrate. The results of this review suggest that prophelaxis can prevent bleeding, but there is insufficient evidence to confirm that it is effective in protecting joints. There is a need for well-designed studies to establish the best prophilactic treatment and to assess the effects of clotting Factors concentrates in adult patients.
We included 13 studies in this review. In total, 13 trials involving 1824 participants met the inclusion criteria for this review, however, data were only available for 10 of these studies. We were unable to pool data for all of the outcomes due to the differences between the treatments assessed in the studies. In two out of the three studies reporting on survival, this was substantial, but there was no difference between treatment groups. Five studies aimed to maintain the remission. In these studies, there was little or no difference in the number of patients who survived. We found that more recent studies have shown a preference in more recent trials for less aggressive treatments. However, the evidence for the effectiveness of less aggressive treatment is not strong as studies were small, under-powered and prone to bias. We included one additional study in this update. We did not change the conclusions of this review because of the lack of data.
This review found two studies involving 447 (with sample sizes of 14 and 432) RhD negative women. The studies compared the administration of anti-D by intramuscularly (IM) or by intravenously (IV). In both studies, the women received a 1500 IU (300 microgram) dose of Rhophylac (a drug that suppresses the immune system) during week 28 of gestation. There was no incidence of RhD alloimmunizing in either of the studies, as the sample size was too small for a meaningful comparison of this outcome. One of the two studies found that the mean anti-IgG concentrations up to seven days differed between the two routes of administration. However, the concentrations at two to three weeks post-treatment were similar for both routes. None of the women involved in the studies were able to develop antibodies against RhD antigen. It appears that IM and IV administration of antidiabetic drugs appear to be equally effective. The number of included studies and the number of participants are not enough to assess whether there are differences. The choice of an IM or an IV route of administration of the drugs will depend on the type of preparations, the dose to be given and also on the patients' preference.
This review included eight studies with a total of 21,379 patients. Three included studies investigated ticlopidine compared to aspirin, five included studies looked at clopidogrel (clopidocinolol) or dipyridamole (dipyridomole), and five studies compared clopidine in combination with aspirin to aspirin alone. All trials had a high risk of bias. The mean duration of follow-up ranged from 365 days. Data for patients with diabetes were not available from any of the trials. Data on all-cause mortality, vascular deaths and myocardial infarct were available from one trial (355 patients). This trial did not show a statistically significant effect of ADP receptor antagonists on death from all causes or from heart disease. Diabetes outcome data for stroke were available in three trials (31% of the total diabetes participants). Overall, the pooled results of two studies showed no reduction in the risk of stroke between patients with and without diabetes. There were no data available on peripheral vascular disease, health- related quality of life, side effects, or costs. The available evidence for the use of ADPs in patients with CVD is limited and most trials do not report outcomes for the patients with or without diabetes separately. Therefore, recommendations for the prevention of CVD in people with diabetes are based on the available evidence. Trials with diabetes patients are needed to provide a more robust evidence base to guide clinical management.
We found ten trials with a total of 191 participants. Seven trials evaluated single treatment sessions, one evaluated a two-week intervention, one assessed a six-week treatment and one a three-month treatment. Six trials (151 participants) looked at non-invasive support for airway clearance compared with an alternative chest physiotherapy method. Three trials (27 participants) compared non- invasive ventilation for night-time support compared with room air. Three of the trials (26 participants) evaluated non-insvasive ventilation in addition to oxygen therapy compared with oxygen therapy alone. One trial (13 participants) assessed non-intvasive ventilation on exercise capacity compared to room air and did not report on any of the review's primary outcomes. Three studies (27 people) evaluated the effect of non-intervention on quality of life and symptoms of sleep-disordered breathing. One study (13 people) compared the effects of breathing room air with breathing non-incapable air. One of the studies reported that a participant withdrew at the start of the trial due to pain on respiratory muscle testing. One participant could not tolerate an increase in inspiratory positive airway pressure. A second study (27 adults) evaluated breathing room-based support compared to breathing oxygen or room air using nasal masks (two studies) and nasal masks or full face masks (one study). Three studies reported on quality-of-life and symptoms. One small trial (15 people) reported that one participant withdrew from the trial because of pain on breathing tests. The trial found no clear differences between non-unvasive ventilation compared to no non-vasive ventilation. One large trial (27 adult participants) found that exercise performance improved with non-implantation ventilation compared with breathing oxygen. No clear differences were found between breathing room and non-inserted ventilation for exercise performance. We were unable to find any evidence that non-Invasive ventilation increases sputum expectoration, but it did improve some lung function parameters
We searched for studies that compared NIPPV with nocturnal-NIPPV in people with COPD. We found seven studies that met our inclusion criteria. We included seven studies on 245 people with stable COPD, with a mean age of around 60 years. The mean duration of the studies ranged from three months to one year. The evidence is current to September 2014. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Denmark, Germany, Italy, Japan, South Korea, Sweden and the UK. The average age of the people in the studies was between 55 and 65 years. We did not find any studies that looked at the effect of NIPPVs on lung function, exercise tolerance, health-related quality of life (HRQoL), lung function or sleep efficiency. We were unable to determine whether NIPPVS had an effect on the average six-minute walking distance (6MWD) or on the amount of oxygen in the blood. We could not exclude an effect that is clinically significant (mean difference on 6MWD is around 26 m). We found no evidence that the effect on gas exchange or exercise tolerance was clinically significant. The results of the two new long-term studies did not show significant improvements in blood gases, HRQoI or lung function after 12 months of NIPV. However, the small number of people in these studies preclude a definite conclusion regarding the effects of NTPV in COPD on these outcomes.
We included four trials, involving 1190 women. The evidence is current to September 2014. Induction of labour for suspected fetal macrosomia did not reduce the risk of caesarean section or instrumental delivery. There was no clear effect of induction of labour on the rate of brachial plexus injury (two events were reported in the control group in one trial, low-quality evidence). There were no clear differences between groups for measures of neonatal asphyxia (low blood oxygen levels in the lungs), low five-minute infant Apgar scores (less than seven) or low arterial cord blood pH (low- or very low blood pH) scores (two trials, respectively). Mean birthweight was lower in the induction group, but there was considerable heterogeneity between studies for this outcome. In one study with data for 818 women, third- and fourth-degree perineal tears were increased in the intervention group. The unexpected observation in the induced group of increased perineeal damage, and the plausible, but of uncertain significance, observation of increased use of phototherapy, both in the largest trial, should also be kept in mind. Inducing labour for babies with suspected macrosomic syndrome did not affect the rate or severity of caeesareans or instrumental deliveries. Inductions of labour did not appear to reduce the number of women with shoulder dystocia or birth fractures. The quality of the evidence was high for the outcomes assessed using GRADE, but we downgraded the quality because of lack of blinding and imprecision of the effect estimates. The overall quality of evidence was moderate for outcomes assessed as being at low or unclear risk of bias.
We found 159 randomised clinical trials that randomly assigned 94,491 healthy people to receive either vitamin D, placebo (dummy treatment) or no treatment. The age of people in the trials ranged from 18 to 107 years. Most trials included women, and the mean number of women was 77%. Forty-eight of the trials randomly assigned healthy people who were not taking supplements. Of these, four trials included healthy volunteers, nine trials included postmenopausal women, 35 trials included older people living on their own or in hospital, and eight trials included 795 people with neurological, cardiovascular, respiratory or rheumatoid diseases. The average age of participants in these trials was over 70 years. Vitamin D was given for a weighted mean of 4.4 years. All trials were from high-income countries. We found that vitamin D decreased the risk of death in people with cancer. However, we did not find a difference in deaths between people who received vitamin D and those who did not. We did find that people who took vitamin D3 had a lower risk of developing kidney disease compared with those who took a placebo. We also looked at the risk that people taking vitamin D2, alfacalcidol or calcitriol might be more likely to die. We could only include trials that were at low risk of bias, which means that the results are likely to be reliable. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. The main reasons for this were that the trials were small, had a high risk of random errors (ie, there was a chance that the result would not be the same as the result) and had been conducted in a way that could have affected the results.
This review of trials found that three drugs, fluoxetine, orlistat, and sibutramine, can help people with type 2 diabetes to lose weight. However, the effects of these drugs on long-term health are unclear. There is a lack of data on other drugs for weight loss or control in people with the disease.
This review aimed to compare the efficacy and safety of VGB with CBZ monotherapy for epilepsy. Five studies involving a total of 734 participants were included in this review. The review found that VGB was more effective than CBZ in terms of time to treatment withdrawal and time to achieve six-month remission. However, results did show a disadvantage for VGB on time to first seizure after treatment was stopped. VGB caused more occurrences of weight gain and drowsiness. No differences in visual field defects and visual disturbance were noted. The results of this review do not support the use of vGB monotherapy as a first choice treatment for epilepsy, and VGB should be prescribed with caution. If necessary, the visual field should be frequently assessed. Future research should focus on investigating the reasons for vision field defects, and explore potential prevention strategies. Moreover, future monotherapy studies should report results in line with the recommendations of the International League against Epilepsy (ILAE) Commission, and the quality of studies should be improved.
We found four randomised controlled studies (RCTs) that evaluated the addition of plerixafor to G-CSF mobilisation. However, two of these studies were stopped early due to low recruitment and did not report their results. The remaining two RCTs, which included 600 participants with multiple myeloma, non-Hodgkin lymphoma and other non-cancerous lymphoma, did not provide any evidence for differences between the plerizas and the placebo groups in terms of the number of deaths or adverse events at 12 months. The results of the analysed data suggest that the addition to plerxafor leads to more stem cell collection in a shorter time. There was not enough evidence to be sure whether the use of additional plerzas improves survival. None of the trials reported on quality of life or progression free survival. The quality of the evidence was high for the outcome of successful stem cell collections. The two trials included in the meta-analyses were conducted by the Genzyme Corporation, the manufacturer, and both of these trials have been published. Two more trials, which were conducted in the USA, were terminated early. The trials included nine and five participants, respectively. Another RCT with 100 participants was recently completed, but has not yet published outcomes. Due to the unpublished RCT, it is possible that our review is affected by publication bias, even though two trials failed to recruit a sufficient number of participants to analyse any data.
This review found 23 trials involving 1806 women, of whom 717 received cones. All of the trials were small, and in many the quality was hard to judge. Cones were better than no active treatment, but there was little evidence to show that cones were more effective than PFMT. There was not enough evidence to say that cones plus PFMT was better than either cones alone, or PFMT alone. Only seven trials used a quality of life measure, and no study looked at the cost of the treatment. The trials were too small to be sure that they were of high quality. Concretions could be offered as one treatment option, if women find them acceptable. This conclusion must remain tentative until larger, high-quality trials, that use comparable and relevant outcomes, are completed.
This review identified 11 trials with a total of 2246 AF patients (ranging from 14 to 712 by study) that evaluated the effects of interventions to improve anticoagulant control in AF patients. The interventions included education, decision aids, and self-monitoring plus education. The evidence is current to August 2015. The review found that there is insufficient evidence to draw definitive conclusions regarding the impact of interventions on TTR in AF participants receiving OAT. More trials are needed to examine the impact on anticoaemia control in patients and the mechanisms by which they are successful. It is also important to explore the psychological implications for patients suffering from this long-term chronic condition.
This review of trials found that vaginal prostaglandin E2 probably increases the chance of having a vaginal birth in 24 hours, but does not seem to reduce caesarean sections. PGE2 tablets, gels, and pessaries all appear to be as effective, although small differences are detected between some of the formulations. There is no evidence to support the use of PGE in the management of pre-eclampsia. The overall effect on improving the outcomes for the mother and her baby (across a range of measures) is uncertain.
This review found five trials that compared cot-nursing using a heated room with incubator care. These trials involved 247 infants. The trials showed that there was no significant difference between the two methods in terms of body temperature. There were also no differences in weight gain. In addition, there were fewer infants who died on discharge from the hospital and there were no differences between the cot and incubator groups. However, the trials did show that there were more episodes of high blood pressure in the incubator group. The review also found that cot nursing with warming of the nursery resulted in smaller weight gain during week one compared to cot nursing with a heated mattress. There was no difference in the number of infants who were breast fed on discharge. The quality of the trials was not high enough to be sure that the results were valid. As there were only five trials, which included a total of 247 infants, the results of this review should be interpreted with caution.
We included three studies, involving 146 participants. Two studies were assessed as being at high risk of bias. The main finding of the review was that the two techniques were equally successful at exposing the PDCs. One surgical failure was due to detachment of the gold chain. We were unable to pool data for dental aesthetics (e.g. tooth decay), patient-reported pain and discomfort, periodontal health and treatment time; however, individual studies did not find any differences between the techniques. We considered the evidence to be low quality. This means that we cannot be certain of the results. We need more high-quality studies to confirm these findings. Three ongoing clinical trials have been identified. It is hoped that these will produce data that can be pooled to increase the degree of certainty in the findings.
We included three studies, involving 244 women. The prostaglandins were given to women for at least one hour after the birth of the baby. The studies were considered to be at high risk of bias. The included studies were of poor quality and there is little confidence in the effect estimates; the true effect is likely to be substantially different. We did not find any data on the need to add another therapeutic uterotonic to the uterine management of retained placenta. The evidence is current to September 2014. The use of prostaglandsins did not reduce the need for manual removal of placentas, severe postpartum haemorrhage, need for blood transfusion or the time from the baby's birth to the placental delivery. Side-effects were no different between groups (vomiting, headache, pain and nausea between injection and discharge from the labour ward), with the exception of shivering, which was more frequent in women who received prostags. We could not make any recommendations about changes to clinical practice. More high-quality research in this area is needed.
We included six studies involving 355 infants in this review. The evidence is current to September 2016. We found that continuous distending pressure (CDP) as CPAP or CNP is associated with reduced risk of treatment failure (death or use of assisted ventilation), lower overall mortality and lower mortality in infants with birth weight above 1500 g and lower overall deaths in infants who were born weighing more than 1500 g. Use of CDP was associated with increased risk of pneumothorax (pneumothoracic obstruction). We found no difference in bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD), defined as oxygen dependency at 28 days (three studies, 260 infants), as well as no difference at nine to 14 years (one study, 37 infants). In preterm infants with respiratory distress, the application of continuous CDP is associated to reduced respiratory failure and mortality and an increased rate of pneumotherapies. Four out of six of these trials were done in the 1970s. Therefore, the applicability of these results to current practice is difficult to assess. Further research is required to determine the best mode of administration.
We included six studies (157 participants) in this review. Two studies compared foam wound dressings with basic wound contact dressings and found no difference in ulcer-free healing. The other two studies compared hydrocolloid dressings (matrix) with foam dressings. All included studies were small and/or had small sample sizes. There was no research evidence to suggest that foam wound dressing is more effective in healing foot ulcers than other types of dressings, but all trials in this field are very small. Decision makers may wish to consider aspects such as cost and the wound management properties of each dressing type e.g. exudate treatment.
We identified three eligible trials. Two trials compared endoscopic intervention with surgical intervention. One trial, including 32 participants, compared surgical intervention with conservative treatment: 17 in the surgical group and 15 in the conservative group. The trial had methodological limitations, and the number of participants was relatively small. This review shows that surgery is superior to endoscopic treatment in terms of pain relief. The surgical group had a higher proportion of participants with pain relief, both at middle/long-term follow-up (two to five years) and long-term (≥ five years). Surgical treatment resulted in improved quality of life, and preserved the function of the pancreatic duct. No difference was found between the two treatment modalities for major post-intervention complications or death, but the small trials identified do not provide enough power to detect small differences in this outcome. Regarding the other trial, the trial showed that surgical intervention in an early stage of chronic Pancreatic duct obstruction is a promising approach. The small number of patients in the trial was too small to detect any small differences between the treatments. The results of this review need to be confirmed by other trials.
This review identified only one randomised controlled trial (857 patients) that compared the benefits and harms of early versus delayed post-operative showering/bathing. This trial was at a high risk of bias. The only outcome reported in this trial was wound infection. There was no difference in the proportion of patients who developed wound infections between the two groups. The proportions of patients developing wound infections were 8.5%, which was the same as in the delayed group. There is currently no conclusive evidence from randomised trials regarding the benefits or harms of showering or bathing for the prevention of wound complications.
We found one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared oral prednisone with no treatment. The trial had a high risk of bias (risk of arriving at wrong conclusions overestimating the benefits and underestimating the harms of the drug). The trial did not report side effects, but one prednisoner-treated participant died. The evidence is up-to-date as of February 2016. The RCT did not measure the primary outcome for this systematic review. We are very uncertain about the effects of oral corticosteroids compared with no medication because the quality of evidence from the only RCT that exists is very low. Nevertheless, corticostoids are commonly used in practice, supported by very low-quality evidence from observational studies. We also know from observational trials that corticoids are beneficial, but long-term use causes serious side effects. The efficacy of high-dose monthly oral dexamethasone is probably little different from that of daily standard-dose oral prednasolone. Most side effects occurred with similar frequencies in both groups, except that sleeplessness was less common with high-dose monthly dexametasone. We need further research to identify factors that predict response.
We found six studies including a total of 2100 people with asthma. Four studies compared the two types of check-up for oral steroid taper in people with severe, chronic asthma. The studies generally recruited people with regular asthma taking regular medications, but we excluded people with COPD or asthma that was more severe. We could not say whether more people who had a remote check up needed to be treated with oral steroids for an asthma flare up than those who were seen face-to-face. We also could not tell whether remote check-ups were better than face- to-face for asthma flare ups. We did not find any difference in the number of people who needed treatment for asthma attacks in the Emergency Department (ED) or hospital. We found no difference in asthma control, or in how well people did in terms of quality of life, between the two groups. We were not able to say whether or not remote asthma checkups are better than being seen by a face to face doctor. We do not know if telephoning people who were not invited to a remote asthma consultation increases the number who get a review. We thought the studies were of good quality, but they were not blinded, which could have biased the results. We judged the quality of evidence to be low because the studies could not be blinded, and because the people in the studies knew which group they were assigned to.
This review aimed to assess the effects of exercise therapy for patients with JIA. Three studies met the inclusion criteria, with 212 participants. All the included studies fulfilled at least seven of 10 criteria for the inclusion of this review. The results suggest that the short-term effects look promising, but the long-term effect on function, quality of life, aerobic capacity and pain are not clear. None of the studies reported any harmful effects of the exercise therapy. The included and excluded studies were all consistent in their findings that exercise therapy does not worsen the condition.
We included 19 trials with 2663 participants (11 with outpatients, seven with inpatients and one with ICU patients). We found that antibiotics have some beneficial effects on inpat patients (i.e. those who are admitted to the ICU) and outpatient patients, but these effects are small and inconsistent. We found no evidence that antibiotics reduce the risk of death. We also found that there is no evidence of a benefit on the risk for treatment failure. We did not find evidence of an effect of antibiotics on the health-related quality of life of patients, or on their symptoms. The quality of the evidence ranged from low to moderate. The main limitations of this review were the small number of trials, small sample sizes, and inconsistency of the results. We recommend that further research be done to determine the effects of antibiotics for people with COPD who are not likely to be treated with antibiotics, and to identify those who would benefit from antibiotics.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1414 participants. We found no studies that reported the effect of whole grain diets on total cardiovascular deaths or on cardiovascular events (total heart attacks, heart attacks and strokes). All included studies reported on risk factors for cardiovascular disease (blood lipids and blood pressure). The evidence is current to September 2015. We did not find any studies that assessed the effect on total risk of death or cardiovascular events. We assessed the overall quality of the evidence on cholesterol as low. The studies were small and had some design flaws. There is insufficient evidence from RCTs of an effect of a whole grain diet on cardiovascular risk factors such as blood lipids or blood pressure. The quality of evidence was low for cholesterol. There was a need for well-designed, well-conducted studies with longer durations of follow-up to assess cardiovascular events as well as risk factors.
This review included 28 studies with a total of 1896 participants. Thirty studies investigated rehabilitation interventions during the immobilisation period after surgical fixation. Three small studies investigated interventions after conservative orthopaedic management. There was limited evidence from two studies (106 participants in total) of short-term benefit of using an air-stirrup versus an orthosis or a walking cast. One study (12 participants) found 12 weeks of hypnosis did not reduce activity or improve other outcomes. There is little evidence for rehabilitation interventions after surgery for ankle fixation and no evidence for stretching, manual therapy or exercise compared to usual care. There were no differences between the types of support or immobilisation used in the different studies. One small study (14 participants) at a high risk of bias found reduced ankle swelling after non-thermal treatment compared with thermal pulsed shortwave diathermy. Evidence from one small but potentially biased study (60 participants) showed that neurostimulation, an electrotherapy modality, may be beneficial in the short term. Five studies investigated different rehabilitation interventions following the immobilation period after either conservative or surgical orthopointed ankle fixation. One found no immobilisation improved ankle dorsiflexion and plantarflexion range of motion compared with cast immobilisation, but another showed using a backslab improved ankle tendon reflexes compared with using a bandage. Five of the studies reported on adverse events, mainly minor, and found a higher rate of minor adverse events in the group receiving a removable type of immobilisation to allow exercise. Because of the potential increased risk of adverse events associated with the use of removable types of immobilisations, the patient's ability to comply with the routine use of a removable device to enable controlled exercise is essential. More clinical trials that are well-designed and adequately-powered are required to strengthen current evidence.
This review of four studies found that a home-based nursing programme has the potential to help children with HIV to take their medication more often. A second study found that children who received a home nursing programme had more medication refills and fewer missed doses than those who did not, but the difference was not significant. A third study showed that children receiving a home medication diaries did not have an effect on adherence or disease outcomes. A fourth study showed no effect on CD4 percentage or viral load. A non-randomised trial of peer support group therapy for adolescents demonstrated no change in self-reported adherence, yet the percentage of participants with suppressed viral load increased from 30% to 80% (from 30% in the control group to 80%). A second non- randomised trial found that the percentage achieving >80% adherence was no different between children on a lopinavir-ritonavir (LPV/r) regimen and children on an NNRTI-containing regimen. However, the proportion of children achieving virological suppression was significantly greater for children on the LPV regimen than for children receiving the NN RTI regimen (from 80% to 90%). A fourth non-Randomised trial showed that a non-routine medication diary did not appear to improve adherence. Two interventions, an LPV and a peer support therapy regimen for adolescents, did not demonstrate improvements in adherence yet demonstrated greater viral load suppression compared to control groups, suggesting a different mechanism for improved health outcomes. Well-designed evaluations of interventions to improve paediatric adherence to ART are needed. No single intervention was evaluated by more than one trial. Two studies were conducted in low-income countries.
This review of five studies (696 participants) found that oral fenoprofen 200 mg is an effective treatment for acute post-operative pain. There was no difference in numbers of people experiencing any side effects between fenopa-200 mg and placebo. There were no serious side effects or people withdrawing from the studies. There is not enough evidence to assess the effectiveness of other doses, other efficacy outcomes, and side effects.
This review included six trials, which included a total of 857 women. Four trials compared PFMT as a treatment for prolapse against a control group (n = 857) and two trials included women who had surgery for prolapses. Two trials used PFMT in addition to surgery versus surgery on their own. The evidence is current to September 2013. There was a significant risk of bias in two out of four trials in this comparison. The largest trial to date suggests that six months of supervised PFMT has benefits in terms of anatomical and symptom improvement (if symptomatic) immediately post-intervention. Pooling data on severity of prolapse from two trials indicated that PFMT increases the chance of an improvement in prolapse stage by 17% compared to no PFMT. The two trials which measured pelvic floor muscle function found better function (or improvement in function) in the PFMT group compared to the control group; measurements were not known to be blinded. Two out of three trials (involving urinary outcomes (urodynamics, frequency and bother of symptoms, or symptom score) reported differences between groups in favour of PFMT; one trial reported bowel outcomes, showing less frequency of symptoms and less bother with symptoms in the group of women who received PFMT compared to control. The findings relating to urinary outcomes were contradictory: one trial found no difference in symptom score change between groups, whilst the other found more improvement in urinary symptoms and a reduction in diurnal frequency in the women who were given PFMT, compared to those who received surgery alone. Both trials were small and neither measured prolapse-specific outcomes. Pelvic floor muscle strength findings differed between the trials: one found no differences between trial groups in muscle strength, whilst another found a benefit for the group in terms stronger muscles. The results relating to symptoms and urinary symptoms were also contradictory. There is now some evidence available indicating a positive effect of pelvic floor exercises for symptoms and severity. There are no data on
This review of trials found that topical quinolone antibiotics can clear CSOM better than no drug or topical antiseptics, but that non-quinolone antibiotic effects are less clear. Studies were also inconclusive regarding the effects of quinsolone on non-infectious CSOM. Further trials are needed to clarify the risks of non-equivalent quinole antibiotic effects, to assess longer-term outcomes (for resolution, healing, and hearing), and to assess the safety of these treatments.
We included 21 studies with a total of 6253 participants. Studies were conducted from 1974 to 2011, with 80% of the studies conducted in the 1970's, 1980's or 1990's. Most studies did not report study methods sufficiently and many had high applicability concerns. In 20 studies, FRS correctly identified people with schizophrenia from all other mental health disorders, and from non-psychotic mental health problems, with a sensitivity of 57%. In seven studies, the test correctly identified the symptoms of schizophrenia from other types of mental health disorder, and in sixteen studies, it correctly identified them from other forms of psychosis. The review of studies found that FRS is accurate 75% to 95%. However, it will incorrectly diagnose around five to 19 people in every 100 who have FRS as having FRS, and specialists will not agree with this diagnosis. These people will still merit further assessment and help, due to the severity of their behaviour and their mental state. Again, with this sensitivity, reliance on FRS to diagnose people with FRS in triage will not correctly diagnose 40% of people that specialists will consider to have schizophrenia. Some of these people will experience a delay in getting appropriate treatment. Others, whom specialists will wrongly consider to be having schizophrenia, could be discharged from care, if triage relies on the presence of FRS. We hope that newer tests - to be included in future Cochrane reviews - will be better at identifying people with mental illness. However, symptoms of first rank can still be helpful, where newer tests are not available - a situation which applies to the initial screening of most people with suspected schizophrenia.
We included 10 studies in this review, of which 5 were new to this update. All studies were conducted in primary- and secondary-care settings. There were 2003 participants in the 9 educational interventions and 44 in the 1 psychological study. All interventions were added to conventional treatment for children with atopic eczema. The studies were carried out in the USA, UK, and Australia. The evidence is current to September 2016. We found that there is limited evidence of the effectiveness of educational and psychological interventions in helping to manage the condition of atopic dermatitis in children. However, there is some evidence from included paediatric studies using different educational intervention delivery models (multiprofessional (where one or more of the interventions are delivered by a team of doctors, nurses, or dermatologists) and nurse-led clinics) that these may lead to improvements in disease severity and quality of life. The largest and most robust study (n = 992) demonstrated significant reduction in disease and improvement in quality oflife, in both nurse- and dermatologist-led intervention groups. It provided six standardised, age-appropriate group education sessions. Improvements in objective severity using the SCORAD clinical tool were recorded for all intervention groups when compared with controls. In three of five studies, which could not be combined because of their heterogeneity, the objectiveSCORAD measure was statistically significantly better in the intervention group compared with the usual care groups. In all of the above studies, the confidence interval limits do not exceed the minimum clinically important difference of 8.2 for objective SCORad. Parents of children aged 8 to 12 years experienced significantly better improvements in the treatment group on 3 of the 5 subscales of the German 'quality of life' questionnaire, a validated tool with five subscales. The inclusion of new studies has not substantially altered the conclusions from the original review. The educational studies in both the original and this update lack detail about intervention design and do not use a complex interventions framework
This review of trials found that HBOT may be beneficial for people with LRTI, but the evidence is of moderate quality. HBOT appears to reduce the chance of ORN and may also reduce the risk of wound breakdown. The application of HBOT to selected people and tissues may be justified. Further research is needed to establish the best time and place for HBOT.
We found 10 studies involving 2961 surgeons performing an operation in which the use of a blunt needle was compared to the use a sharp needle. Four studies focused on the closure of an abdominal wound, two on caesarean section, one on vaginal repair and two on hip replacement. On average, a surgeon that used a sharp or blunt needle sustained one glove perforation in every three operations. The use of blunt needles will thus prevent one glove pierce in every six. In four studies, surgeons using blunt needles also reported fewer self-reported needle stick injuries. Because the force needed for the blunt needles is higher, their use was rated as more difficult but still acceptable. We found that the risk of a perforated glove was reduced by 46% when surgeons used blunt needles compared to sharp needles. The quality of the evidence was rated by the review authors to be high. There is high quality evidence that the use is effective in reducing the exposure to blood and bodily fluids for surgeons and their assistants over a range of operations. It is unlikely that future research will change this conclusion.
The review includes seven randomised trials involving 422 participants. The size of the included studies was between 20 and 157 participants. These trials were conducted between four and 52 weeks long. The results did not show a difference in efficacy in terms of response to treatment, acceptability of treatment, and rigor. However, trifluoperazine produced more movement disorders. There was no difference in numbers with at least one adverse effect (trifluopane 60%, low-potency drugs 38%, 1 RCT). However, movement disorder (at least one movement disorder) was more frequent in the triffluopane group (2 RCTs, 123 participants). There was also no difference between the two groups in terms or number of participants leaving the studies early due to any reason. The quality of evidence for outcomes of interest ranged from moderate to very low quality, so more, newer studies would be needed for conclusions about the relative effects of trifflunopane and low-opency antipsychotics.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) including 593 infants. These trials compared feeding in response to feeding cues versus feeding prescribed at scheduled intervals. The trials were generally small, contained various weaknesses in their methods, including lack of blinding (participants and their families were aware of which treatment they were receiving) and incomplete assessment. The evidence is up to date as of February 2015. The results of the trials suggest that feeding in reaction to feeding and feeding cues can help preterm infants to achieve full oral feeding earlier than infants fed prescribed volumes at scheduled times. However, the trials did not find a strong or consistent effect on the duration of hospitalisation. None of the included trials reported any parent, caregiver, or staff views. Overall, the data do not provide strong or clear evidence that responsive feeding affects important outcomes for preterm babies or their families. The quality of the evidence was low.
This review identified two randomised trials with a total of 161 participants. One trial showed that there was a significant improvement (mean difference (MD) 0.07, 95% CI 0.04 to 0.11, P < 0.001) in ankle brachial index (ABI) and in participants who received folic acid. The second trial showed no difference (P non-significant). No major events were reported. The studies did not report on mortality and rate of limb loss. Currently, no recommendation can be made on the value of treatment of hyperhomocysteinaemia in peripheral arterial disease. Well-designed and well-conducted trials are urgently required.
We found two studies that compared the impact of different types of financial incentives. One study used a factorial design to look at the effects of the use of fee-for-service payments. This study found that a fee for service payment led to an increase in the number of primary care dentists who carried out dental treatments. However, the study was conducted in the four most deprived areas of Scotland, so it is not clear if the findings would be relevant to other settings. The other study used the parallel group design to compare the impact on the number and use of capitation payments. The study found an increase of clinical activity in the group that received a capitation payment, but did not report data on health service use or patient outcome. The authors reported that capitation paid to dentists led to fewer fillings and extractions and more preventive advice, but also to fewer visits to the dentist. There was not enough information on the cost-effectiveness of the different methods of payment. We judged the risk of bias to be high. The overall quality of the evidence was low/very low for all of the outcomes. The studies were small and the quality was low or very low.
We included 21 randomised controlled trials involving over 17,000 women and their babies. Trials were generally at low risk of bias. We found that zinc supplementation during pregnancy resulted in a reduction in preterm birth, but this was not accompanied by a reduction of low birthweight. There was no clear difference between the zinc and no zinc groups for any of the other outcomes, except for the induction of labour. No differences were seen in the subgroups of women with low versus normal zinc levels or in women who complied with their treatment versus those who did not. The evidence for a 14% relative reduction in the number of babies born preterm was mainly from trials of low income women. The GRADE quality of the evidence was moderate for preterm births, small for gestational age, and low birthweights. It was low for stillbirth, neonatal death, and birthweight, as well as for low birth weight babies.
We searched scientific databases for studies that compared probiotics with antifungal drugs. We found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 1656 people. All trials used probiotics as an adjuvant treatment to an antifunctive drug. Probiotics increased the rate of short-term cure and mycological cure, decreased relapse rate at one month, but this did not translate into a higher rate of long-term clinical or mycology cure. The use of probiotics did not seem to increase the number of serious (non-serious) or non-serious side effects. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. There is a need for more well-designed RCTs with longer follow-up and larger sample sizes.
We included seven randomised controlled trials (involving 696 women) in the review. The trials were conducted in different countries, covering the full spectrum of the World Bank's economic classification. Two trials were from Germany, Italy and Turkey. Four of the trials were carried out in upper-middle income countries, two in Iran and one in lower-middle-income countries. One trial was conducted in Jordan. In six trials all the participants were included in the trial and the seventh trial only the subgroup of participants who were included. The evidence is current to September 2015. The results of this Cochrane Review suggest that progestogens are probably effective in the treatment of threatened miscarriage but may have little or no effect in reducing the rate of preterm birth. We are uncertain if treatment of women with threatened miscarriage with progestogen compared to placebo or no treatment has any effect on the rate for congenital abnormalities because the quality of the evidence is very low. The quality of evidence ranged from very low to moderate. The main limitations of the review were the small number of trials and the wide range of confidence intervals for some outcomes.
We found five studies that compared laser photocoagulation with no treatment, deferred treatment, or with other treatments. A total of 4786 people (9503 eyes) were included. The majority of participants in four of these studies were people with diabetic retinopathy; one study included people with non-proliferative (non-reactive) retinopathies. Three studies were conducted in the USA, one in the UK, and one each in Japan. The studies were of moderate or low quality. There was no difference in the risk of vision loss between the eyes that received laser treatment and those that received no treatment. The risk of progression of diabetic eye disease was 50% lower in the laser group. The number of people with vitreosoresis (blood in the retina) was the same in both groups. There were no differences in the numbers of people who developed vitreous haemorrhage (vitreosides) or in the number of eyes that had detachment of the retina. None of the studies reported near vision or patient-relevant outcome measures. We judged the evidence to be of moderate quality. This is due to the small number of studies and the fact that the treatment and control groups were different.
We included two trials involving 269 participants. The trials were conducted in China and Italy (one was a multicentre trial). Both trials included adults who had acute respiratory failure after upper abdomen surgery. The participants were mostly men (67%). The average age was 65 years. Both trials compared CPAP or NPPV with oxygen therapy. The evidence is current to August 2018. We found that CPAP and NPPVs may reduce the rate of tracheal intubation. There was insufficient evidence to be certain that CPap or NTPV had an effect on anastomotic leakage, pneumonia-related complications, and sepsis or infections. We also found that the intervention may also reduce ICU length of stay. We did not find any differences between the two interventions for mortality or hospital length of hospital stay. Findings from one trial of 60 participants suggested that bilevel NPPv may improve blood gas levels and blood pH one hour after the intervention. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. The findings of this review indicate that CPAB or bilevvel NTPv is an effective and safe intervention for the treatment of adults with acute respiratory fail after upper abdominal surgery. However, the quality of evidence was either low or low. More good quality studies are needed to confirm these findings.
We included four trials involving 388 women that were judged to be of unclear to high risk of bias overall. A variety of different agents for providing pain relief were assessed. Three trials compared the use of diazepam with an alternative anaesthetic (ketamine; vinydan-ether; "other" anaesthesia; and one trial compared spinal pain relief to a nerve block). The trials did not report on serious adverse effects or complications, and no trials reported on neonatal deaths or complications. There is not enough evidence to support any particular pain relief agent or method as most effective for forceps delivery.
We included 15 studies with a total of 1048 participants. Most of the trials were conducted in India, followed by Europe and the USA. The majority of participants were adults of both sexes, with mild to moderate asthma. The studies included people with asthma for six months to more than 23 years. Five studies included yoga breathing alone, while the other studies assessed yoga interventions that included breathing and posture. Interventions lasted from two weeks to 54 months. We found moderate-quality evidence that yoga probably leads to small improvements in quality of life and symptoms of asthma. There is more uncertainty about the potential adverse effects of yoga. We need more studies with large sample size and high methodological and reporting quality to confirm the effects of the practice.
We included 10 trials (249 participants) using different drug treatments. Seven of the 10 trials assessed single agents, and 3 assessed combined agents. Many of the studies did not present adequate data for the reporting of the primary outcome of the review, which was the percentage change in muscle strength score at six months. We were unable to perform a meta-analysis of these trials because of differences in the way they were analysed. We assessed six of the nine fully published trials as having very low quality evidence in relation to our primary outcome. We found that interferon beta-1a and MTX did not appear to slow the progression of IBM. We also found that IVIg and ATG did not seem to slow or stop the disease progression. Three trials (n = 78) compared IVIG (combined in one trial with prednisone) to a dummy treatment. We could not combine the results of these three trials because they were too different from each other. We did not have access to the data for analysis. We judged the quality of the evidence to be very low for the comparison of ATG and MTT, and very low-quality evidence for the combined treatment of MTX versus MTX. None of the trials included prespecified criteria for significant adverse events. All analysed trials reported adverse events, but only 1 of the ten trials interpreted these for statistical significance. We need more randomised controlled trials that are larger, of longer duration, and that use fully validated, standardised, and responsive outcome measures. Overall trial design limitations including risk of bias, low numbers of participants, and short duration make it difficult to say whether or not any of the drug treatments included in this review were effective.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 3144 participants. The trials compared linezolid with vancomycin in people with SSTIs caused by the bacterium MRSA. The evidence is current to August 2014. We found that people treated with the oral version of linezolol were more likely to be cured than people treated intravenously with the intravenous version of the drug. There was no significant difference in all-cause mortality between the two treatments. There were fewer incidents of red man syndrome, pruritus and rash in the linezolanol group compared with the vancomenol group, however, more people reported thrombocytopenia, nausea and nausea when treated with linezolisolid. The length of stay in hospital was shorter for those treated with a single dose of oral linezoli than with intravenous vancomysol. The average length of hospital stay was three days shorter with the use of a single intravenous dose of the oral drug. The cost of treatment was less with oral than with an intravenous drug. No RCT reported SSTI-related and treatment-related mortality. The available evidence is at high risk of bias and is based on studies that were supported by the pharmaceutical company that makes linezoled. Further well-designed, independently-funded, RCTs are needed to confirm the available evidence.
We included eight randomised controlled trials with a total of 512 participants. The trials were conducted in China, India, Japan, South Korea, and the United States of America. The evidence is current to August 2016. The review found no relevant differences in mortality, morbidity, and survival between the two operations. However, some perioperative outcome measures significantly favour the PPW procedure. The quality of the evidence was low. The methodological quality of these trials was poor. The authors of this review recommend that future high-quality randomised trials of complex surgical interventions based on well-defined outcome parameters are required.
This review of six randomised trials of calcium channel blockers in acute traumatic head injury patients found that there is considerable uncertainty about their effects. The effect of nimodipine, a drug used to treat subarachnoid bleeding, on the risk of death was reported in five of the six trials. In the two RCTs which reported death, there was a beneficial effect. However, there were more adverse reactions in the calcium channel blockers group, which may mean that the drug is harmful for some patients.
We included four randomised controlled trials with a total of 3090 participants. Three trials were considered to have a relatively low risk of bias. One trial was considered to be at a high risk. When survival to hospital discharge was compared, 38 of 320 (11.88%) participants survived to discharge in the initial CPR plus defibrillation group. This was a statistically significant result. However, we were not able to conclude whether either treatment approach provides a degree of advantage in OHC. When we compared the outcome at hospital discharge, we could not conclude whether one treatment was superior to the other. Adverse effects were not associated with either treatment. We have not been able to determine whether the two treatment approaches provide similar effects on rates of return of spontaneous circulation, survival to discharge or neurological insult. We propose that this is an area that needs further rigorous research through additional high-quality RCTs, including larger sample sizes and proper subgroup analysis.
This review identified three trials that met the inclusion criteria. Ten trials involving eight different groups of women have been included. The review found that there is not enough evidence to support the use of one particular treatment over another in the treatment of poor response to ovulation control in IVF. The number of oocytes retrieved was significantly less in the GnRHa-long protocol compared to the GnRH antagonist protocol. The total dose of gonadotrophins used was higher in the group receiving GnRH-receptor long protocol. No trials reported live birth rates. Cancellation rate was higher with GnRHA flare up compared to GnRH antagonists. None of the studies reported a difference in the miscarriage and ectopic pregnancy rates. There is no evidence from randomised trials to support routine use of any of the treatments described above. More robust data from good quality RCTs are needed.
We found 53 randomised controlled trials that compared family intervention with usual care, no intervention, or usual care alone. The evidence is current to January 2010. Family intervention may reduce the frequency of relapse events and hospitalisations and encourage compliance with medication, but it does not seem to affect the tendency of individuals/families to leave care. The results of these trials may be overestimated due to the poor methodological quality of the trials. Further data from trials that describe the methods of randomisation, test the blindness of the study evaluators, and implement the CONSORT guidelines would enable greater confidence in these findings. We did not find data to suggest that family intervention either prevents or promotes suicide.
We included three trials with 263 participants in the review. These trials were carried out in Germany and Austria and used drug-eluting balloons. Two of the three trials were industry sponsored. The trials examined the treatment of symptomatic restenosis within the femoropopliteas. All three trials examined outcomes of interest to the participants. We found that the certainty of the evidence for all outcomes was very low. The evidence suggests that DEBs may be better than uncoated balloon angioplasty for anatomical end points (target lesion revascularization, target lesion repair, and binary restenoticosis) and for one clinical end point (improvement in Rutherford category) up to 24 months after the intervention. However, the evidence is based on a meta-analysis of three trials. The trial results show no clear differences in the incidence of amputation between DEBs and uncoating balloon angiotlasty. Data were insufficient for subgroup or sensitivity analyses to be conducted. The certainty of evidence presented is very low due to the small number of included studies and participants and the high risk of bias in study design. Adequately powered and carefully constructed randomized controlled trials are needed to adequately investigate the role of drug-enriched balloons in the management of in-stent restenitis.
We found seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 922 participants. Trials ranged from 32 to 242 participants. Evidence is current to May 2015. The evidence is current up to May 2016. We found that corticosteroids reduced the subsequent occurrence of coronary artery abnormalities and mortality without resultant serious adverse events (no events, 737 participants) and no deaths (915 participants). We also found that the duration of fever, time for laboratory parameters (erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR) and C-reactive protein (CRP) to normalise) and length of hospital stay were reduced. Evidence was considered high quality for the incidence of serious adverse effects, mortality, and time for the laboratory parameters to return to normal. Evidence quality was graded according to the GRADE system. The quality of the evidence was moderate for adverse events and duration of clinical symptoms (fever, rash) due to potential subjectivity in measurement. Evidence presented in this study suggests that treatment with a long course of steroids should be considered for all children diagnosed with KD until further studies are performed. Evidence shows reduced inflammatory marker levels. There were insufficient data available regarding incidence of adverse effects attributable to steroids, mortality and long-term (> 1 year) coronary morbidity. Certain groups, including those based in Asia, those with higher risk scores, and those receiving longer steroid treatment may have greater benefit from steroid use, especially with decreasing rates of heart problems, but more tests are needed to answer these questions.
We included eight studies comprising 846 participants. Four studies compared PIP with control groups only. Two of these studies included a control group with an alternative treatment group. Samples included women with postpartum depression, anxious or insecure attachment or maltreated, and prison populations. We assessed the quality of the evidence as low or very low. We found that PIP may be effective in improving parent-child relationship, but we found no evidence that it is effective in reducing parent depression or anxiety. We also found that it may be helpful to change the attachment style of some infants. We did not find any evidence that there is any difference in the effects of PIP on the number of infants who are secure, avoidant, resistant, or disorganised, or in their behaviour. We rated the overall quality of evidence for the outcomes of parent depression and disorganisation of infant attachment as low. This was because the included studies were small, had few participants, and did not report all the details of the study design or execution. The evidence is up to date as of April 2018.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials (with 753 participants) that compared giving oxygen to healthy term pregnant women during an elective caesarean section under local anaesthesia. The evidence is current to August 2015. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, Sweden, Switzerland, United Kingdom and United States of America. We found one new included study in this updated version of this review. The low quality of evidence showed no significant differences in Apgar scores at one minute and at five minutes between the intervention group and the control group. None of the 11 trials reported maternal desaturation. The very low quality evidence showed that in comparison to room air, women in labour receiving supplementary oxygen had higher maternal oxygen saturation, maternal PaO2 (oxygen pressure in the blood), maternal UaPO2 (foetal umbilical arterial blood) and UvPO2, which is a measure of oxygenation of the baby's blood vessels. There was high heterogeneity among these outcomes. A subgroup analysis of the studies showed no difference between the two intervention groups in low-risk studies, whereas the high-risk trials showed a benefit for the neonatal oxygen group. Overall, we found no convincing evidence that giving supplementary oxygen to women during elective cesareans under regional anaesthesia is either beneficial or harmful for either the mother or the foetus. Although, there were significant higher maternal and neonatal blood gas values and markers of free radicals when extra oxygen was given, the results should be interpreted with caution due to the low grade quality of the evidence.
We included twelve studies containing data on 2196 participants. Reminder packaging increased the percentage of pills taken by 11% in four trials, but this result was not consistent across trials. We found that reminder packaging reduced blood pressure by 5.89 mmHg in two trials, although this effect was not statistically significant. We also found two trials that looked at blood pressure measurements, but these did not show an effect of reminder packaging. We did find two trials which looked at changes in the amount of glucose in the blood, but again these results were not consistent. We could not combine the results of these two trials for analysis because they were too different. We were able to combine data from two trials looking at blood sugar levels, and we found that the presence of a reminder packaging aid was found to be preferred by patients with low literacy. No appropriate data were available for us to combine for analysis of other outcomes, such as serum vitamin C and E levels, or self-reported psychological symptoms. We reported remaining data narratively. We conclude that reminder packs may be a simple way to improve adherence for patients with some conditions. Further research is needed to improve the design of these devices.
We identified 15 randomised trials evaluating 11 different drugs (Methylprednisolone, multivitamin antioxidant infusion, vitamin E, amrinone, prostaglandin E, pentoxifylline, mannitol, trimetazidine, dextrose, and OKY 046). All trials had high risk of bias. There were no differences between the groups in mortality, liver failure, or perioperatively-related complications. The trimetidine group had a shorter hospital stay than control (three days shorter). There were also no significant differences in any of the clinically relevant outcomes in the remaining comparisons. Methylprednasolone improved the enzyme markers of liver function and trimetZidine, methylprednisolate, and dextrate reduced the enzyme measurements of liver injury compared with controls. However, there is a high risk for type I and type II errors because of the few trials included, the small sample size in each trial, and the risk of systematic errors. The use of these drugs should be restricted to well-designed randomised clinical trials before implementing them in clinical practice. Trimetazidine may protect against ischaemia reperfusion injury in elective liver resections performed under vascular occlusion, but this is shown in trials with small sample sizes and high-risk of systematic error.
We included 61 studies in this review. The studies included 13,327 participants. We included studies that assessed the prevalence of kidney disease, risk factors and treatment-related side effects. We found that the studies varied in terms of the cancer type, the type of treatment, the duration of treatment and the number of people who received the treatment. The evidence is current to January 2015. The majority of studies were conducted in the 1980s and 1990s, and included people with a variety of types of cancer. We could not combine the results of the studies because of differences in the types of people included in the studies, the treatments they received and the way they were conducted. The results of this review showed that the risk of kidney damage ranged from 0% to 84%. This variation may be due to the diversity of people in the study population, the treatment they received, the way the studies were carried out and the quality of the evidence. We also found that there were differences between the studies in the ways they measured kidney function, which may have affected the results. We did not find any studies that looked at the risk factors that might be associated with kidney damage. The risk of developing kidney damage after treatment ranged from 2% to 32%. We found 36 studies that measured blood pressure, including at least 432 CCS, and found it was present in between 0% and 73.7% of participants. One eligible study reported an increased risk of glomerular dysfunction after concomitant treatment with aminoglycosides and vancomycin in CCS receiving total body irradiation (TBI). Four non-eligible studies assessing a total cohort of CCS found nephrectomy and (high-dose (HD) ifosfamide) as risk factors for decreased blood pressure. In addition, two non- eligible studies showed an association of a longer follow-up period with glomerul dysfunction. Twenty-two out of 52 studies, including 851 participants, studied
The review of trials found that two phytomedicines (Niprisan® and Cajanus cajan®) appeared to be effective in reducing episodes of severe painful sickle cell disease crisis over a six-month follow-up period. However, these results were based on two small trials with low-quality evidence. No serious adverse effects were reported. The single trial (Cajanus®) reported a possible benefit to individuals with painful crises, and a possible adverse effect (non-significant) on the level of anaemia. The review found no evidence that Ciklavit® had an effect on the risk of severe complications or on the amount of anaemic blood in the blood. Based on the published results for Niprisans® and in view of the limitations in data collection and analysis of both trials, phytologines may have a potential beneficial effect in reducing painful crises in sickle cells. This needs to be further validated in future trials.
We included three studies involving 1999 participants in this review. Two trials compared standard treatment plus radiotherapy with standard treatment with PET-adapted therapy. The third trial was more complex. Participants with early-stage HL and a negative PET scan were divided into those with either a favourable or unfavourable prognosis. They were then randomised to receive either PET-based treatment (where treatment is given using PET-specific drugs) or standard treatment. The results of the three trials were reported as RCTs, which means that participants were not aware of which treatment they were receiving. We judged the overall potential risk of bias in the studies to be moderate. The studies were not blinded. One study reported no deaths. The other two trials reported two deaths in people receiving PET-protective therapy, and two in people who were receiving standard treatment (standard radiotherapy). Progression-free survival (PFS) was shorter in people with early HL who were given PET-compared to those receiving standard radiotherapy. This difference was also apparent in those receiving no additional radiotherapy, and in those who received both radiotherapy and chemotherapy. The quality of the evidence was very low for all outcomes. We found no robust data on OS, response rate, TRM, quality of life, or short- and long-term adverse events. However, we found moderate-quality evidence that PFS was shorter for people with HL who received PET- adapted therapy (where PET is used instead of radiotherapy) than for those receiving additional treatment without additional treatment. We could not assess the effect of this approach in those with HL with advanced disease. More studies with longer follow-up times are needed to determine whether this PFS advantage will translate into an overall survival benefit.
We found 31 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly assigned to one of two or more treatment groups) that compared different types of birth control pills, injectables, vaginal rings, and implants. We found no new trials in 2014. We still know little about women at risk for metabolic problems due to being overweight. We cannot make strong statements due to having few studies comparing the same types of contraceptives. Many trials had small numbers of people and some had large losses. Many of the earlier studies had limited reporting of methods. More than half of the trials had weight restrictions. More research is needed.
We included 10 studies in this review. Nine studies (549 participants) compared exercise with no treatment. Five studies (419 participants) only recruited people with symptomatic hip OA. One study (10 participants) did not provide sufficient data for the evaluation of bias risk. The results of these 10 studies showed that exercise can reduce pain and improve the ability to move around and perform everyday activities in people with OA, but the results may be biased as none of the studies were able to blind people to the type of treatment they received. Pain was reduced by 8 points on a 0- to 100-point scale (0 was no pain) in the control group, and by a further 8 points (4 to 11) in those who exercised. The reduction in pain was sustained at least three to six months after ceasing treatment. The improvement in pain and physical function was also sustained (five studies, 367 participants). Pain was estimated to be 29 points on 0-to-100 point scale (no pain) and 24 points (24 to 24 points) on 0 to 100 point scale in the exercise group, the improvement was equivalent to a sustained reduction of 8 points in pain intensity (0 to 100 scale) compared with the control. Quality of life was measured in three small studies (183 participants) and there was no benefit of exercise demonstrated. The quality of the evidence was low for quality of life, with no significant difference in pain or physical function between those who did and did not exercise. Moderate-quality evidence from seven trials (715 participants) indicated an increased likelihood of withdrawal from the exercise allocation (6%) compared with those who were monitored for six months, but this difference was not significant (risk difference 1%). Of the five studies reporting adverse events, each study reported only one or two events and all were related to increased pain attributed to the exercise programme. The overall quality of evidence was moderate for pain and improvement in physical function, but low for pain intensity and quality
This review of trials found that exercise therapy can be beneficial for patients with MS, but there is a need for more research in this area. The review found that there is an urgent need for a consensus on a core set of outcome measures to be used in exercise trials. In addition, these studies should experimentally test different doses of treatment, type of MS and should include enough contrast between the experimental and the control groups.
We found only one randomised trial (75 participants) that compared early laparoscopic chlecystectomy (less than 24 hours after diagnosis) with delayed laparoscopy (4.2 months after diagnosis). The trial had a high risk of bias. Information on the death rate was available for the 75 participants. There were no deaths in the early group. There was no bile duct injury in either group. The other outcomes were not reported. The proportion of people who died during the waiting time was similar in the group of people having the early and the delayed surgery. The number of people with serious adverse events was lower in the earlier group (28 people out of 40). The complications of the surgery were similar in both groups (28 out of 35 people had a serious adverse event and 40 people had one or more). There were 14 people who required hospital admissions for the above symptoms. All of these admissions occurred in the delayed group as all the participants had to be treated within 24 hours. The hospital stay was shorter in the later group (1.25 days). There was a statistically significant shorter operating time (14.80 minutes) in the late group compared with the early (4 months) group. This trial did not report quality of life or return to work. The percentage of people requiring conversion to open operation was lower (9.5% in the first group and 17.1%) in the second group. Based on evidence from only one high-bias risk trial, it appears that early laparaoscopic cholecytectomy (more than 24 days after diagnosis of biliary colic) decreases the morbidity during the period of waiting period, the hospital stay, and operating time. Further randomised clinical trials are necessary to confirm or refute these findings.
We found 11 trials that compared long-term antibiotic prophylaxis with a single, short-term dose. The evidence is current to September 2014. Seven of these trials provided evidence for the main comparison and the primary outcome and these were pooled. Overall, the evidence is of moderate quality. Long-term antibiotics probably reduce the risk of SSI (plausible effects range between a 76% to a 0.26% relative reduction in SSI with long term antibiotics) compared with short term antibiotics (moderate-quality evidence). There is uncertainty surrounding the relative effects of short-time antibiotics compared with single dose of antibiotics (low quality evidence). No reports described adverse effects associated with the drugs in those trials that reported in this outcome. None of the trials assessed or reported data regarding other outcomes, and information was insufficient to show whether a specific antibiotic is better than another.
We found only one small study, involving 40 infants and 42 women. The trial was underpowered to detect clinically important differences between the two policies. There were no significant benefits or harms for the babies or their mothers. The study was not large enough to detect differences in the outcomes of the babies. There was a small difference in gestational age at birth between the groups in the study. This may be due to the fact that the babies were born a few weeks earlier in the elective group and later on in the spontaneous group. This review is unable to draw any firm conclusions regarding preterm birth for babies with gastroschisis. It is not possible to say whether the intervention is beneficial or harmful for these babies or the mothers. Further research is needed in this area.
We found three studies in adults, lasting up to one week, that compared paracetamol to a placebo (dummy treatment) or other non-paracetamolic painkillers. We found no studies in children. All studies were at high risk of bias, which means that their results may be biased. All three studies were small and of poor quality. The studies were not large enough to be sure that paracetamic drugs are effective in relieving the pain of people with cancer. None of the studies reported on the outcomes we were most concerned about, which were: people with pain of at least 50% or at least 30% from the start of treatment; people with no worse than mild pain at the end of the treatment; or people with a general impression of improvement of much improved or very much improved (or equivalent) pain. What pain reports there were indicated that there was no difference in pain relief between paracetamyte and placebo when added to an established treatment. There was no convincing evidence of paracetate being different from placebo in terms of quality of life, use of other painkillers, or participant preference. Measures of harm (serious adverse events, side effects, and withdrawal due to lack of effect) were inconsistently reported, and provided no clear evidence. The quality of the evidence was very low, because of the small number of studies and small numbers of people in the studies. There is no high-quality evidence to support or refute the use of par acetate alone or in combination with strong painkillers for the first two steps of the three-steep WHO cancer pain ladder.
This review of 15 randomised trials found that there is not enough evidence to confidently conclude that these drugs are effective. There is a need for more randomised controlled trials. The trials were of poor quality. The results of the trials were not consistent and the quality of reporting was poor. There were no studies that clearly described how the patients were allocated to the treatment groups. There was a lack of information on how the drugs were given to the patients. There are no studies on the effects of the drugs on the size of the wet patch. The review found that the drugs astemizole, diphenhydramine, propantheline, doxepin, and suo quo wan were all better than placebo in improving the size and appearance of the patch. However, these drugs can cause side effects. The studies did not clearly describe how they were given or how the results were reported. The quality of these studies was poor and the risk of bias was high. The evidence is up to date as of May 2013.
We included six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 195 participants with MS. Two RCTs investigated the effects of inspiratory muscle training with a threshold device; three RCTS investigated expiratory muscle-training with an external device; and one RCT, regular breathing exercises, compared to no active control. Eighteen people (˜ 10%) left the trials early. The evidence is current to January 2018. We pooled and analyzed data of 5 trials (N=137) for both inspiratory and expirate muscle training, using a fixed-effect model for all but one outcome. Compared to no intervention, inspiratory muscles training did not show any significant difference in maximal inspiratory pressure (mean difference (MD) 6.50 cmH2O, 95% confidence interval (CI) −7.39 to 20.38, P = 0.36, I2 = 0%) or maximal expiratories pressure (MD −8.22 cmH 2O). However, there was a significant benefit on the predicted maximum inspiratory pressures (MD 20.92 cm2O). The quality of evidence was low for all outcomes because of limitations in design and implementation as well as imprecision of results. Due to the low number of studies included, we could not perform cumulative meta-analysis or subgroup analyses. It was not possible to perform a combined analysis for adverse events, no serious adverse events were mentioned in any of the included trials. The sustainability of the favourable effect of inspirated muscle training is unclear, as is the impact of the observed effects on quality of life. These studies did not report outcomes for health-related quality of lives. Three RCT s compared expirated muscle- training versus no active controls or sham training. Under a fixed model, meta-analyses failed to show a significant difference between groups with regard to maximal expiral pressure (measured by a range of 0.93 to 17.
This review identified one randomised clinical trial (RCT) that compared the effect of betamethasone (1.5 mg/day) with no medication for treating ITP in pregnant women. This trial included 38 women with 41 pregnancies. The trial was not large enough to provide evidence about the effects of this drug on outcomes for the mother or her baby. Maternal death, perinatal deaths, post-partum haemorrhage (blood clot in the brain) and neonate bleeding were not studied. This review found that compared to no medication, there was no difference in the risk of ITP bleeding in the newborn baby. There is not enough evidence to support the use of betamycin for ITP. This Cochrane review also identified the need for well-designed, adequately powered randomised trials for this medical condition during pregnancy. Unless randomised controlled trials provide evidence of a treatment effect and the trade off between potential benefits and harms are established, policy-makers, clinicians, and academics should not use betametasone for ITB in pregnant pregnant women until further evidence is available.
We found two completed studies, with a total of 111 participants, conducted in Iran. Participants had moderate to severe keratoconus (a condition in which the cornea is too thin to take on water) and were randomly allocated to receive DALK or DALK. Only one eye of each participant was part of the trials. For the larger study, four of the DALK surgeries had to be abandoned due to technical failure and these outcomes were not measured in these participants. The smaller study had 12 month follow-up data for all the participants. Follow-up length for 77 of the remaining 77 participants ranged from 6.8 to 36.4 months, with all 77 followed for at least three months post-suture removal. The results of the smaller study were not reported. The two studies were too different to be combined. We found no evidence of a difference between groups for any of the outcomes of post-graft vision, keratometric astigmatism (a type of deformity of the corneas) or spherical equivalent. A single case of graft failure was reported in a penetrating, DALK-based study. No postoperatively failed grafts were reported in either group of the two studies. The data, which related to all cases in each study - and given that the four cases that did not go ahead as planned had already been technically failed, showed that rejection of the grafts was less likely in DALK groups. However, we found no difference in outcomes with regards to graft survival, graft-related visual outcomes or keratometometrics. We also found some evidence of an increased risk of rejection following DALK, but this was not consistent across studies. Other adverse events, of varying severity, were reported with similar frequency. In both groups, these were postoperative eye problems. In the penetrating group, one of the participants had graft failure and one had atonic pupil, a condition which means that the pupil is not active and does
We included 67 randomised controlled trials (from 76 reports), recruiting 8506 women. The evidence is current to August 2015. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, the UK and the United Kingdom. The number of women included in analyses varied greatly between outcomes, with the largest number of participants analysed (6861 women). Only 10 studies were considered at low overall risk of bias, with most studies presenting insufficient details about trial quality. Women receiving iron were significantly less likely to be anaemic at the end of intervention compared to women receiving control. Women had a higher haemoglobin concentration at the time of intervention, and had a reduced risk of iron deficiency compared to control. Only one study (55 women) specifically reported iron-deficiency anaemia and no studies reported mortality. Women taking iron had a lower risk of being anaemic compared to those receiving control (moderate quality evidence). Only one of the studies (10 studies) reported on iron deficiency anaemia, and found no evidence of an increased risk of this in women taking iron. Five studies recruiting 521 women identified an increased prevalence of gastrointestinal side effects in women who took iron. Six studies recruiting 604 women identified a higher prevalence of loose stools/diarrhoea, and eight studies recruiting 1036 women found an increased occurrence of hard stools or constipation. Seven studies recruiting 1190 women identified evidence of abdominal pain among women randomised to iron. Eight studies recruiting 1214 women did not find any evidence of a higher occurrence of nausea among women who were randomised. Evidence that iron supplementation improves cognitive performance in women is uncertain, as studies could not be combined and individual studies reported conflicting results. Iron supplementation improved maximal and submaximal exercise performance, and reduced symptomatic fatigue. Although adherence could not formally be formally analysed due to differences in reporting, there was no evident difference in adherence between women randomising to iron and control. Daily iron
This review identified five studies with a total of 1,726 patients. The evidence is current to August 2015. The review found that there was no overall survival benefit of the combination treatment with irinotecan and fluoropyrimidine over irinotspecine alone. However, this result may have been driven by findings from a single first-line treatment setting study. There were higher risks of toxicity outcomes grade 3 or 4 diarrhoea and grade 1 or 2 alopecia, and a lower risk of grade 3 and 4 neutropenia in controls compared to the invervention group. Evidence for toxicity has been assessed as low to moderate quality. There was no reduction in all-cause mortality in the combination arm, with a summary hazard ratio (HR) of 0.91 (95% CI: 0.81-1.02). Longer progression-free survival was observed in those treated with the combination chemotherapy (HR: 0). However, the quality of evidence for overall survival was low and for progression- free survival was moderate, mainly due to study limitation from the lack of information on randomisation methods and allocation concealment.
This review of trials found that a transverse or oblique incision has less impact on pulmonary function, is less prone to rupture (wound dehiscence/incision) and may look better. There was no difference in the number of other early or late post-operative complications or the length of time it took to recover. The data on pain is less clear and should be interpreted with some caution but some data suggests that a crossverse incision is less painful. The results in favour of the transverse/oblique approach should be treated with caution as the results of this review are based on a small number of studies and the results should be viewed with caution. The best incision for abdominal surgery still remains the best.
We included a total of nine studies (981 participants) in this review. The studies were conducted in Europe and North America. The average age of participants ranged between 32.0 and 43.7 years. The evidence is current to September 2016. In MBR compared to usual care, individuals receiving MBR had less pain and less disability, as well as increased likelihood of return-to-work and fewer sick leave days at 12-month follow-up. The effect sizes for pain and disability were low in terms of clinical meaningfulness, whereas effects for work-related outcomes were in the moderate range. However, when comparing MBR to other treatments (i.e. brief intervention with features from a light mobilization program and a graded activity program, functional restoration, brief clinical intervention including education and advice on exercise, and psychological counselling), we found no differences between the groups in terms pain, functional disability, and time away from work. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. The included studies were judged as having high risk of bias and high risk for bias due to lack of blinding, and four of the nine studies suffered from at least one additional source of possible bias. The available research provides mainly low to low-quality evidence, thus additional high-quality trials are needed before we can describe the value of MBP for clinical practice.
We included 18 trials reporting on 4843 participants. The evidence is current to August 2018. Bisphosphonates probably decrease the number of skeletal-related events and disease progression in men with bone metastases from prostate cancer. Bisplatin-like drugs probably reduce the incidence of bone fractures and probably reduce disease progression. We found no clear difference in the proportion of participants with pain response between bisphosphosphonate and control regimens. We were unable to extract any quantitative data for meta-analysis. We probably increased the risk of nausea and renal side effects in men receiving bisplatinates. We did not find any clear difference between the two groups in reducing pain. We also found no difference between groups in the number with osteonecrosis of the jaw between groups. We observed no difference in decreased analgesic consumption between groups, but we found that Bisphatin-ylated drugs probably reduced the number and severity of disease progression and probably decreased the risk for bone fractures. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low for pain response and adverse events. The quality of evidence for quality of life and pain response was very low. The certainty of the available evidence was downgraded because of the small number of studies and participants, and because the methods used to measure these outcomes varied greatly across trials.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing HDT + ASCT with chemotherapy or immuno-chemotherapy in people with FL. We found five RCTs, involving 1093 patients. Four trials were in previously untreated patients and one was in relapsed patients. The quality of the five trials is moderate. All trials were randomised and judged to be of high quality. Due to the small number of studies in each analysis (four or less), we were not able to combine the results of the trials and the results were not reliable. For OS, the HR had to be measured for three trials from survival curves, for PFS for two trials. For survival, we found that patients treated with HDT+ASCT had a better overall survival (OS) than those treated with chemotherapy. However, this effect was not transferred into an OS advantage. The subgroup of trials adding rituximab to both intervention arms (one trial) confirms these results and the trial had to stop early after an interim analysis due to a statistically significant PFS advantage in the HDT plus ASCT arm. For patients with relapsed FL, there is some evidence (one study, 70 patients) that HDT is advantageous in terms of PFS and OS (PFS: 0.30; 95% CI 0.15 to 0.61; OS: 1.40; 95%). For this trial, no results were reported for TRM, adverse events or secondary cancers. No statistically significant differences were detected between HDT & ASCT and the control-arm in the terms of OS, TRM or solid cancers. Adverse events were rarely reported and were observed more frequently in patients undergoing HDT - ASCT (mostly infections and haematological toxicity). In summary, the currently available evidence suggests a strong PFS benefit for HDT and ASCT compared with chemotherapy and immuno chemotherapy in previously treated patients with FL, but no statistically
We included 15 randomised trials with 1437 participants in this review. The evidence is current to September 2015. The trials compared WDD with placebo or no treatment, other antipsychotic drugs, or other treatments. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Denmark, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, the UK and the United Kingdom. The average age of the participants was 59 years and the average duration of treatment was six months. The mean duration of follow-up ranged from one month to one year. The majority of the trials were funded by the pharmaceutical industry. We found that WDD improved the short-term global state of participants compared with placebo (no treatment) and no treatment. However, WDD was associated with fewer people experiencing extrapyramidal effects (EPS) compared with other treatments (2 RCTs 0/70 versus 47/70, moderate-quality evidence). However, there was no difference in the short term global state between WDD and other treatments for people with schizophrenia. WDD also showed some positive short term effects on global and mental state, but WDD caused fewer side effects. When WDD + antipsychotics was compared to antipsychosis alone, the combination group had better global state (short-term results, 6 RCTS, n = 684, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.60 to 0.72, moderate quality evidence) and mental health (short term total endpoint PANSS: 5 RCT: 5.64, 94% CI -13.33 to - 9.94, low quality evidence), fewer people with EPS and reduction of the mean use of risperidone (1 RCT n = 107, 95 % confidence interval -0.70 to -1.53, low-quality data). There was no effect on weight gain. The available evidence is not of high quality. Better designed large studies are needed to fully and fairly test the effects of
We included 12 studies with a total of 799 participants in this review. The evidence is current to May 2015. The review assessed six comparisons. 1. Multistrand stainless steel versus superelastic nickel-titanium (NiTi) arch wires. There were five studies in this group and it was appropriate to undertake a meta-analysis of two of them. There is insufficient evidence from these studies to determine whether there is a difference in rate of alignment between multistrand and supererelastic NiTi arch wires (low-quality evidence). The findings for pain at day 1 as measured on a 100 mm visual analogue scale suggested that there was no meaningful difference between the interventions (moderate-quality results). 2. Multistingrand stainless Steel versus thermoelastic Ni Ti arch wires. There were two studies in the group, but it was not appropriate to analyse the data. There was insufficient evidence to determine if there is any difference in pain between the two types of wire. 3. Conventional NiTi versus conventional NiTi. There are three studies in these groups, but there was not enough evidence to be able to draw any conclusions about the differences in either alignment or pain (low quality results). 4. Single-strand versus coaxial (single strand) supelerelastic (single strand) NiTi arches. There was only one study (24 participants). There is moderate-quality information from this study that suggests that single-stranded (single-strander) su pelerelactic NiTi can produce greater tooth movement over 12 weeks than single strand (single loop) sulereltic NiTi, but the quality of the evidence was low. 5. Superelactic (single line) versus conventional (two lines) or thermoelaelastic (three lines). There was no evidence to draw conclusions about whether there was any difference between these materials (low to very low quality evidence). 6. Su
This review includes just one small study of 306 older people with dementia, with an average age of 86, who were randomly assigned to receive either a de-escalation intervention or a control intervention. The study did not measure our primary outcomes, but it did measure behavioural change using three scales: the Cohen-Mansfield Agitation Inventory (CMAI; 29-item scale) and the Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI) (12 and 25-item scales), and a 25-point Observation Scale (OS; 25). For the CMAI, the study reports a Global score (29 items on a scale ranging from 1 to 203) and scores for the following four domains (measured in terms of the number of times an item was rated on the same scale: Physically Non-Aggressive Behaviour, such as pacing (13 items), Verbally Aggressive Beh behaviour, (nine items), and Verbally aggressive Behaviour (three items). Four of the five CMAIs improved in the intervention group (Global: change mean difference (MD) 5.69 points, 95% confidence interval (CI) −9.59 to −1.79; Physically non-aggressive: change MD −0.32 points; Verbally Non Aggressive: improvement MD 0.44 points; andverbally aggressive: changeMD 0.16 points). There was no difference in change scores on the Physressive scale (MD −0,08 points; CI 0.08 points). The quality of the evidence was very low. The limited evidence means that uncertainty remains around the effectiveness of this intervention and the relative efficacy of different techniques. High-quality research is urgently needed. We also identified one ongoing study.
We included 13 trials with 1316 participants in this review. Eleven trials had a small sample size and short follow-up periods. The data were not suitable for meta-analysis due to heterogeneity in the skin care products, skin care procedures, and measurement tools. The evidence is current to 28 September 2016. We found two trials, being of low and moderate quality, that soap and water performed poor in the prevention and treatment of IAD. The first trial indicated that the use of a skin cleanser might be more effective than the use, but the second trial indicated a washcloth with a washapy cleansing, moisturising, and protecting properties might be better than soap and washwater. Findings from the other trials suggest that applying a leave-on product (moisturiser, skin protectant, or a combination of these) and avoiding soap seems to be more successful than withholding these products. No trial reported on the third primary outcome 'number of participants not satisfied with treatment' or on adverse effects. Little evidence exists on the effects of interventions for preventing and treating IAD in adults. High quality confirmatory trials, using standardised, and comparable prevention/treatment regimens in different settings/regions, are required. Furthermore, to increase the comparability of trial results, we recommend the development of a core outcome set, including validated measurement tools, to measure the effectiveness of interventions. The overall risk of bias in the included studies was high.
We included seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 333 patients in our review. Three trials studied hospitalised patients, two trials were in an outpatient setting, while the trial setting was unclear in two studies. The age of the patients ranged from two years to young adults. The antivirals in the studies were: acyclovir, valomaciclovir, and valacycloviral. Follow-up varied from 20 days to six months. The review found that there was not enough evidence to be sure whether antiviral drugs are effective in treating IM. There were some small improvements in two of the 12 outcomes. These improvements may be of limited clinical significance. There was a mean reduction in the time taken for the disease to resolve by five days in the treatment group but this may not be a clinically meaningful result. There is some evidence that symptoms and symptoms may take one month or more to resolve and that fatigue may be persistent in about 10% of patients at six-month follow-up, so this may be not a clinically relevant result. Trial results for the outcome 'adverse events and side effects of medication' were reported narratively in only five studies. In some reports authors were unsure whether an adverse event was related to medication or complication of disease. These results could not be combined due to the potential for double counting. Overall, the majority of trials reporting this outcome did not find any significant difference between treatment and control groups. In terms of viral shedding, the overall effect from six studies was that viral shedding was suppressed while on antiviral treatment, but this effect was not sustained when treatment stopped. For all other outcomes there was no statistically significant difference in the antiviral group and control group. The quality of the evidence is very low. The majority of included studies were at unclear or high risk of bias and so questions remain about the effectiveness of this intervention.
This review examined four trials involving a total of 2250 people randomised to either insulin glargine or insulin detemir. Insulin glargines were dosed once in the evening and insulin detamir was dosed in the morning. The trials lasted from 24 to 52 weeks. The results of the trials showed no significant differences in overall, nocturnal and severe low blood sugar control, or in the number of injections required to achieve the same blood sugar levels, between the treatment groups. There was also no significant difference in the variability of blood glucose values in 24-hour profiles. Insulins given to patients with high blood glucose levels were associated with less weight gain. There were no differences in the quality of life of the patients. The studies did not report on the costs of the drugs or mortality.
This review of trials found that SNS can improve continence in a proportion of patients with faecal leakage. However, it is not clear whether SNS improves symptoms in patients with constipation. SNS did not improve the frequency of bowel movements. Side effects of SNS were reported in a percentage of patients: pain at the site of the implant (6%), seroma (2%) and tingling in the vagina (9%). Side effects were also reported in three patients: mild leg pain (1), and pain in the leg after the insertion of the neurostimulator (2). In the parallel group trial by Tjandra, 53 participants with severe bowel leakage in the SNS group experienced fewer bowel movements per week compared with the control group (3 months). Adverse events occurred in some patients, but these were not reported. In contrast, in the trial by Dinning, SNS had no effect on the frequency or duration of bowel movement. In this trial, 19 participants who preferred the 'on' time period experienced less episodes of incontinence. For the group of 19, the median (range of) episodes of faecaecal incontinent per week fell from 1.7 (0 to 9) during the 'off' period to 0.7 episodes per week during the ‘on’ period. For this group of five, however, the average (range) of episodes of diarrhoea per week rose from 1 to 11. In the crossover trial by Vaizey, participants reported an average of six, and one, episodes of bowel leakage per week in two participants with bowel leakage during the one-week ‘off’ and ‘onset’ periods respectively. Neither study reported side effects. In another trial by Kahlke, 14 participants with FI experienced significantly lower episodes of abdominal pain and bloating during the stimulator 'on', but no side effects were reported. The limited evidence from
The review of trials found that the failure rate of molar tubes bonded with either chemical-cured (molar bands) or light-cure (molars) adhesive was higher than that of molars cemented with glass ions. However, there was no evidence that this was due to the use of a specific adhesive. No other side effects were found. More research is needed to determine the best treatment for this problem.
We identified 66 articles (published between 1988 and 2012) that were eligible for inclusion. We collected data on 7747 patients with gastric cancer who were staged with EUS. Overall the quality of the included studies was good: in particular, only five of the studies had a high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the study design). For primary tumor (T) stage, results were stratified by the depth of the cancer spread in the stomach. The meta-analysis of 50 studies (n = 4397) showed that EUS might be useful to guide physicians in the diagnosis of gastric tumours in the primary stage. However, the heterogeneity of the results warrants further investigation. For the diagnostic ability of EUS to distinguish T1a (early gastric cancers, EGC) from T2 (muscle-infiltrating) gastric tumors, we found that the summary results showed that the diagnostic accuracy of the EUS in discriminating T1 to T2 versus T3 to T4 (advanced) or T1b versus T1A (mucosal) versus T2 cancers was 0.86 (95% CI 0.78 to 0.91) and 0.90 (CI 95% CI 95%CI 0.81 to 090) respectively. When we addressed the capacity of EUs to distinguish between the two types of cancers, T1 a (mukosal) and T1 b (submucosa) cancers, the meta-analyses of 20 studies (3321 participants) showed the summary sensitivity and specificity of the test to be 0.87 (95 % confidence interval (CI) 81 to 92) and 1.75 (CI 81 to 84) respectively, respectively. Finally, for the metastatic involvement of lymph nodes (N-stage), we found the summary result of 44 studies (3573 participants) to be 1.83 (
We identified six randomised clinical trials involving 492 participants. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden and the United Kingdom. The number of participants in each trial ranged from 28 to 150. The mean or median age in the trials varied between 40 and 47 years. The proportion of women in the studies varied between 74% and 84%. With regards to primary outcomes, only one trial reported short-term deaths. However, the trial stated that there were no deaths in either of the groups. We inferred from the other outcomes of the remaining trials that there was no death in either group. Long-term mortality was not reported in any of the trials. There was no significant difference in the rate of serious adverse events between the two groups (4 trials; 391 participants; 7.6% in the day-surgery group versus 1/200 in the overnight stay surgery group; rate ratio 3.24; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.74 to 14.09). There were no significant differences in quality of life between the groups (four trials; 333 participants; SMD -0.11; 0.33 to 0.10). Pain was not significantly different between the group of participants (3 trials; 175 participants; MD 0.02 cm visual analogue scale score (a scale score) and the group that received the day surgery (2 trials; 217 participants; 0% CI -2.18 to 1.08). There was also no difference in hospital readmission rate (5 trials; 464 participants; 6/225 (weighted rate 0.5%) versus 5/239 (2.1%) in the night-time surgery group) or in the percentage of people requiring hospital readmissions (3 studies; 290 participants; 5/136 (weightED proportion 3.5%), 5/154 (3.2%) in each group). No significant difference was seen in the proportion
We included eight studies, involving 2488 participants, two more studies and 415 more than the previous version. Two studies used a placebo control (a pretend treatment) and six used 0.04%, or 'active' (fake) treatment, as a 'placebo' to help people to know which treatment they were receiving. The evidence is current to August 2018. We found four studies (1272 participants) that compared high-concentration topical capsaicin with placebo (a fake treatment) for chronic pain in adults with postherpetic neuralgia, painful diabetic neuropathy, and painful diabetic nervepathy. The studies were of generally good methodological quality; we judged only one study at high risk of bias, due to small size. Two of the studies were funded by the manufacturer of the drug. The results of the trials were inconsistent, and we were unable to combine the results of individual studies. We downgraded the quality of the evidence for efficacy outcomes by one to three levels due to sparse data, imprecision, possible effects of imputation methods, and susceptibility to publication bias. We also found one small study of 46 participants with persistent pain following inguinal herniorrhaphy that did not show a difference between high- and placebo for pain reduction (very low quality evidence). We found two small studies (801 participants) comparing high- or very low-intensity capsaicins with placebo for painful diabetic nerves. One study reported the proportion of participants who were much or very much improved at 12 weeks (27% with high-intensity Capsaicin and 10% with placebo). For both studies, more participants (about 10%) had average 2 to 12-week pain intensity reductions over baseline of at least 30% and at least 50% with capsaicine than with placebo. For painful HIV-neuropathy, we found one study (369 participants). It reported about 10% more participants who had moderate or substantial levels of pain relief with
We included three trials involving 6343 participants. The trials differed in the methods of measurement of carotid stenosis, the definition of stroke, and in the effects of surgery. We did a combined analysis of data from 6092 participants. We found that surgery increased the risk of a stroke in people with less than 30% stenosis. However, surgery had no significant effect in those with 30% to 49%, and was of benefit in those who had 50% to 69%, and in people who had 70% to 99% narrowing. Endarterectomy was of some benefit for people with 50% or 69% symptomatic narrowing, and for those with 70%, 99%, or more narrowing of the artery. There was no evidence of any benefit in people whose stenosis was at near-occlusion. We rated the evidence as of moderate to high quality.
We included 10 studies, with a total of 864 participants. The participants were adults with a wide range of diseases. The studies compared two different surgical techniques for stoma formation. One study compared the use of a stoma to be placed in the rectum (ileostomy). The other study compared two stoma types (lateral and transverse) to be put in. The results of the studies were inconclusive for the incidence of herniation, development of ileus, stenosis, or skin irritations. The study did not measure other stoma complications, or death from any cause. The evidence was of low or very low-quality. The included studies did not report on quality of life. The quality of the evidence was very low or low. The available moderate-, low-, and very-quality evidence, does not support or refute one of the studied stoma forms over the other. The findings of this systematic review are inconclusive. There is a need for more high-quality studies to determine the best surgical approach for the formation of stoma.
We searched for evidence from clinical trials comparing supportive therapy with other psychological or psychosocial treatments for people with schizophrenia. We found 24 studies, with 2126 participants. The evidence is current to May 2013. We did not find any evidence that supportive therapy is better than other psychological therapies for reducing the risk of relapse, hospitalisation or improvement in general functioning. There were, however, significant differences favouring other psychological treatments over supportive therapy. These included hospitalisation rates, clinical improvement in mental state and satisfaction of treatment for the recipient of care. There was no evidence of significant differences between supportive therapy and cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) for reducing relapse, leaving the study early and quality of life. When we compared supportive therapy to family therapy and psychoeducation, we found no significant differences in outcomes. There is insufficient evidence to identify a difference in outcome between supportive therapies and standard care. We graded the quality of the evidence as very low, meaning that our confidence in the results is limited.
We found 11 studies that compared NSAIDs alone or in combination with opioids with placebo or with another NSAID, or with the same dose of opioid. Most studies were of very low-quality, and most were small. There was no high-quality evidence that NSAIDs reduced cancer pain to no worse than mild pain in people with cancer. We found very little evidence that they reduced pain to at least moderate or severe. There were 22 deaths, but these were not clearly related to pain treatment. Common side effects were thirst/dry mouth (15%), sleepiness (14%), somnolence (11%), and dyspepsia (11%). Withdrawals from the studies were common, mostly due to lack of efficacy or side effects. We judged the quality of the evidence as very low.
We found two studies, which involved 287 participants. One study (with an overall unclear to high risk of bias) involved 253 participants and the quality of the evidence was very low. This study reported that pain at day two, and at day three, was lower in the group treated with the low heparin, tinzaparin, than in the sham group. Thus tinzabarin resulted in more rapid healing of pain. The mean difference in duration of painful crises (duration of time spent in the hospital) was 1.78 days in favour of the tizanidine group (95% confidence interval -5.48 to -4.48 days). Participants treated with tizaniaparin had significantly fewer hospitalisation days than participants in the placebo group, with a mean difference of 4.98 days. Two minor bleeding events were reported as adverse events in the tizzaparin group, and none were reported in the dummy group. The second study (unclear risk of biased) including 34 participants and was a conference abstract with limited data and only addressed one of the predefined outcomes of the review; i.e. pain intensity. After one day pain intensity reduced more, as reported on a visual analogue scale, in the dalteparin group than in a placebo group. This result was based on a very low quality of evidence. The most important reasons for downgrading the evidence were serious risk of systematic errors and imprecision (due to low sample size or low occurrence of events). Based on the results of two studies comprising 287 participants, evidence is incomplete to support or refute the effectiveness of low-molecular-weight heparins in people with sickle cell disease. Vaso-occlusive crises are extremely debilitating for sufferers of sickle cells. Therefore well-designed placebo-controlled studies with other types of low heparin, and in participants with different genotypes of sickled cell disease, still need to be carried out
We searched for randomised controlled trials that compared anticoagulants with antiplatelet drugs in people with carotid artery dissection. We did not find any randomised trials. There were also no randomised studies directly comparing anticoactive drugs with anti platelet drugs. We found 36 observational studies (1285 patients) that compared the use of anticoactin drugs (antiplatelets) with anticoageulant drugs. There was no evidence to support their use for the treatment of patients with internal artery dissections.
We found 26 randomised controlled trials (2066 patients) comparing silver-containing dressings or topical agents with non-silver dressings. The evidence is current to September 2014. We grouped results according to wound type, and silver preparation. Thirteen trials compared topical silver (in a variety of formulations - including silver sulphadiazine (SSD) cream) with other dressings; one trial showed fewer infections with silver nitrate when compared with a non- silver dressing, but three trials showed significantly more infection with SSD than with the non-standard dressing. Six trials compared SSD cream with silver-based dressings (nine dressings in total). Most comparisons (seven) found no significant differences in infection rates. One trial showed significantly fewer infections when silver sulphide cream was compared with non silver dressings, but the remaining five trials found no evidence of a difference. One study compared two silver-coated gauze (Acticoat®) and showed a significantly lower infection rate with silver oxide gauze than with a silver oxide dressing. In other wounds, six trials compared a silver-coloured dressing with a dressing containing a silver acid (Hydron AgSD) and found no difference between the two types of dressing. There is insufficient evidence to establish whether silver-controlling dressings and topical agents promote wound healing or prevent wound infection; some poor quality evidence for SSD suggests the opposite.
We included 12 studies with 3571 participants. All included studies examined the empiric use of one antibiotic regimen versus another for the treatment of VAP. There was potential for bias in some studies because some studies did not report outcomes for all participants. There were no conflicts of interest in any of the studies. All but one study reported source of funding. The evidence is current to August 2018. We found no statistical difference in all-cause mortality between monotherapy and combination therapy, clinical cure, length of stay in the intensive care unit, or adverse events. We downgraded the quality of evidence for death, adverse events, and length of ICU stay to moderate for this comparison. For our second comparison of combination therapy with optional adjunctives only one meta-analysis could be performed due to a lack of trials comparing the same antibiotic regimens. Two studies compared tigecycline versus imipenem-cilastatin for clinical cure in the clinically evaluable population and there was a statistically significant increase in clinical cure for tigECyclines-cilastsatin. Of importance, this effect was due to one study. Due to lack of studies, we could not evaluate the best antibiotic choice for VAP, but carbapenems as a class may result in better clinical cure than other tested antibiotics. We did not find a difference between monotherapies and combination therapies for the treating of people with VAP and this is the largest analysis comparing monotherapy to multiple antibiotic therapies. This provides further evidence to the safety of using an effective monotherapy for the use of antibiotics for the empirically treated VAP population.
We found 29 studies investigating policies targeting 11 drug classes for restriction. The policies varied by drug class and whether they were implemented or relaxed. When policies targeted gastric acid suppressant (a drug used to suppress acid reflux) and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (drugs that reduce inflammation) for restriction, the use of these drugs decreased immediately and for up to two years afterwards, with no increase in use of other services. Further research is needed to assess the impact of policies on health. Relaxing restrictions to coverage and the reimbursement of some medications can decrease drug use and other health care costs. It can also reduce the cost of drugs used to prevent drug misuse. However, policies need to be based on research quantifying the harms and benefits of different drugs to avoid unwanted health system and health effects. Health impact evaluation should be conducted where drugs are not interchangeable.
This review aimed to assess the effectiveness of one-to-one OHA for oral health maintenance. Nineteen studies met the criteria for this review. The included studies reported a wide range of interventions, study populations, dental health outcomes and outcome measures. There was not enough evidence to be able to pool the results of these studies. We summarise data by categorising similar treatments into groups. We found that there was no evidence that OHA was more effective than no OHA in improving oral health. There were no differences in the outcomes of gingvitis, plaque or tooth decay between the groups. There is insufficient high-quality evidence to recommend any single OHA method as being more effective or less effective than any other method. Further studies are needed to determine the most effective and efficient method of one to one OHA. The design of such trials should be cognisant of the limitations of the evidence presented in the Cochrane Review.
This review of five small trials found that oral steroids provided short-term benefits in pain, range of movement of the shoulder and function, but the effect may not be maintained beyond six weeks. There were minimal adverse effects reported. The trials were of variable quality and some were poorly reported.
We found three randomised controlled trials with a total of 50 participants. All three trials compared rTMS with sham TMS. All the trials were of poor methodological quality and were insufficiently homogeneous in terms of design and conduct. The high rate of attrition from the trials further increased the risk of bias. None of the trials reported any side effects associated with the use of r tMS. There is currently insufficient evidence to draw conclusions about the efficacy and safety of rT MS in the treatment of ALS. Further studies may be helpful if their potential benefit is weighed against the impact of participation in a randomised clinical trial on people with ALS.
We included 10 trials with a total of 1049 participants in this review. All studies involved different comparisons, none had a placebo group. In one trial plasma exchange plus prednisone gave better disease control at 1 month (0.3 mg/kg: RR 18.78; one trial each), for azathioprine (one trial), for prednisolone plus azatepine (1 trial), and for tetracycline plus nicotinamide (2 trials). In another trial, clobetasol (clobetacil) showed significantly more disease control than oral (1.0 mg/ kg: RR 1.79, one trial), with significantly reduced mortality and adverse events (RR 1.06, one study each). Chinese traditional medicine plus oral (prednisone) was not effective in one trial. There were no significant differences in healing in a comparison of a standard regimen of topical steroids with a milder regimen in one study. Milder regimens (using lower doses of steroids) are safe and effective in moderate BP. Starting doses greater than 0.75 mg/g/day do not give additional benefit, lower doses may be adequate to control disease and reduce the incidence and severity of adverse reactions. Very potent topical steroids are effective and safe treatments for BP, but their use in extensive disease may be limited by side-effects and practical factors.
This review of 75 randomised trials, involving 7957 participants, found that some herbal medicines may improve the symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome. However, the methodological quality of three trials was high, but the quality of the remaining trials was generally low. Herbal medicines were also combined with conventional therapy and compared to conventional therapy alone. No serious adverse events from the herbal medicines were reported. Some herbal medicines deserve further examination in high-quality trials.
We found 22 trials that evaluated the efficacy and safety of LNG and LNG regimens in a total of 12,400 women. The trials were conducted in Europe, Asia, and the Americas. The drugs and doses evaluated included LNG 0.75 mg (11 studies), LNG in dose other than 0. 75 mg, and hormones other than LNG (7 trials). Outcomes included pregnancy rates, discontinuation, side effects, and acceptability. Most women liked the pericoital LNG method in spite of frequent menstrual irregularities. Menstrual irregularity was the most common side effect reported. However, the studies provided no consistent evidence of a relationship between bleeding abnormalities and either frequency of pill intake or total dose of the drug. Non-menstrual side effects were reportedly mild and not tabulated in most studies. Rigorous research is still needed to confirm the effectiveness and safety. If the method is shown to be efficacious, safe and acceptable, the results may warrant revision of the current World Health Organization recommendations and marketing strategies.
This review included 15 studies with a total of 561 randomised patients. These studies were conducted in Europe, India, China, South Korea and the USA. The age range of patients in most studies was adolescents or young adults, but in two studies the participants were from a much wider age range. The distribution of males and females in eight of the studies was similar, with the majority (seven studies) of the female patients being female. The evidence is up to date as of February 2015. Ten studies with 407 randomised and 390 analysed patients compared surgical anchorage with conventional anchorage for the primary outcome of mesiodistal movement of upper first molars. There was strong evidence of an effect of surgical anchachment on this outcome. Compared with conventional (non-surgical) anchorage, there was moderate quality evidence that reinforcement of anchorage was more effective with surgical anchduction than conventional anchachment. This result should be interpreted with some caution, as there was a substantial degree of heterogeneity for this comparison. There were no differences in the length of treatment between surgical and conventional (standard) or mini-screw) implants for this outcome, and there was no evidence of a difference in overall duration of treatment. Information on patient-reported outcomes such as pain and acceptability was limited and inconclusive. None of the included studies reported harms of surgical or conventional anchoring. There is moderate quality of evidence that re-reinforcement of the teeth is more effective in the reinforcement of the first molar teeth with surgical implants than with conventional implants, and that results from Mini-Screw implants are particularly promising. While there was not enough evidence to suggest that any one technique was better than another, there were no reports of adverse effects.
We included 50 studies (45,285 participants) comparing statins with placebo or no treatment, and three studies (5547 participants) compared two different statin regimens in people with CKD who were not yet on dialysis. We found that statins reduce the risk of death, major cardiovascular events, and MI by 20% in people who have CKD not requiring dialysis and who are not having CVD. Statin-related effects on stroke and kidney function were found to be uncertain and side effects of statin treatment were not well reported. We were not able to combine data from 38 studies (37,274 people). The risk of bias in these studies was high. The evidence is up-to-date as of January 2018.
We found nine trials with 379 participants. Nine trials evaluated the use of painkillers for pain in children with cystic fibrosis. Five trials evaluated intrathecal baclofen and two trials evaluated a drug called botinulinum toxin A (BoNT-A). The other four trials evaluated bisphosphonates (two alendronate and one pamidronate). No trials were identified that evaluated a commonly used analgesic in this patient group. Pain was a secondary outcome in five of the eight identified studies. Only one study involved over 100 participants. For the two ITB studies, in the same study population but assessed at different time points in their disease, both found an effect on pain favouring the intervention compared to the control group (standard care or placebo) (mean difference (MD) 4.20, 95% confidence interval (CI) 2.15 to 6.25, respectively). In these studies most of the adverse events related to the procedure or device for administration rather than the drug, such as swelling at the pump site. In one trial there were also eight serious adverse effects; these included difficulty swallowing and an epileptic seizure. The trial did not state if these occurred in the intervention group. No adverse events were reported in this trial. At follow-up in both BoNT-a trials there was no evidence of a difference in pain between the trial arms among CP participants. Gastrointestinal problems were the most frequent adverse event in those who received alendroneate. No side effects were reported for the other two drugs in the trials. The evidence that is currently available evaluated pain largely as a second outcome and the drugs used were all adjuvants and not always commonly used in general paediatric palliative care for pain. Based on current data this systematic review is unable to determine the effects of pharmacological interventions for pain for children with CYP with LLCs.
We searched the medical literature for clinical trials comparing latrepirdine with a placebo or no treatment in people with mild-to-moderate Alzheimer’s disease. We found seven trials involving a total of 1697 participants. Three trials (1243 patients) were included in the analyses of efficacy outcomes, and four trials (1034 patients), which we combined. The evidence is current to September 2015. We did not find any trials that compared latrepiritine with placebo. The results of these trials were imprecise and we were unable to determine whether latrepircine had any effect on cognition, behaviour or function. However, there was some high quality evidence showing a very small benefit of latREPirdine on the Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI) at study endpoint (26 or 52 weeks). Additionally, moderate quality evidence suggested that there was no difference in adverse events between the two drugs. We considered the evidence provided on these outcomes to be of overall low quality. We judged five trials to be at high risk of bias due to selective outcome reporting and three to be low quality due to attrition bias. No data were available from the seventh trial. The overall quality of the evidence was low to moderate for all outcomes. The included trials were small and the quality of evidence was limited by the small number of studies, imprecision, inconsistencies between studies and likelihood of bias. Nevertheless, the evidence to date suggests that, while not associated with an increased risk of adverse events compared with placebo, there is no effect of lat repiritine on cognition and function in mild- to moderate AD patients, though there appears to be a modest benefit for behaviour. Further studies should investigate the potential benefit of the drug on neuropsychiatric symptoms in AD.
We included seven randomised controlled trials (RICs), involving 735 participants. We analysed the effects of RIC on preventing and treating ischaemic stroke. We found low-quality evidence that RIC may reduce the risk for recurrent stroke in people with symptomatic intracerebral artery stenosis and stroke severity in people who have carotid stenting. There was no difference between RIC and non-RIC treatment for reducing the risk of stroke. However, RIC treatment was associated with more adverse events (such as death or dependency). No participants experienced death or vascular events during the period of the studies. We did not find any evidence of benefit or harm in people having acute ischaemia. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low or very low for all outcomes. We included seven trials in this review. We assessed risk of bias as low for risk of random errors (play of chance) in six studies, unclear in one study, high for blinding in three studies, and high for other sources of bias (bias). We included three RICs (involving 371 participants). We found three trials that compared RIC with non-RIC treatment for preventing recurrent stroke. The evidence was of low quality. The risk of recurrence of stroke was reduced by RIC, but there was no clear difference between the two treatment groups for stroke severity. In people with carotids who have had a stroke, there was a reduction in stroke severity and the number of strokes in the brain. The rate of death or dependence was higher in those receiving RIC than in those who received non-IC treatment, but this was due to the increased risk of adverse events. The quality of evidence was very low. The included trials were small and had a high rate of bias, which means that we cannot be certain about the results.
We included six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 204 preterm infants. The evidence is current to August 2016. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, and Australia. The mean age of the infants ranged from 28 to 36 weeks. The average age of infants was less than 30 weeks. We found that protein supplementation of human milk increased short-term growth in weight, length, and head circumference. There was no evidence of a clear difference in rate of growth of skin fold thickness between the supplemented and unsupplemented groups. There were no data on outcomes after hospital discharge. The protein supplementation led to longer hospital stays, higher blood urea nitrogen concentrations, and higher serum albumin concentrations compared with the unsuppulent group. No data were available about the effects of protein supplementation on long-term weight growth, body mass index, body composition, neurodevelopmental, or cardio-metabolic outcomes. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. This means that our findings may not be generalisable to low-resource settings, as none of the included studies were done in these settings. Since protein supplementation is now usually done as a component of multi-nutrient fortifiers, future studies should compare different amounts of protein in multi-component fortifiers and be designed to determine the effects on duration of hospital stay and safety, as well as on long term growth, weight gain, body fat, cardio-mechanical, and developmental outcomes.
We searched scientific databases for studies that compared PEMs to no intervention. We included 45 studies: 14 RCTs and 31 ITS studies. Almost all the included studies (44 of 45) compared the effectiveness of PEM to no treatment. One single study compared paper-based PEM with the same document on CD-ROM. The results of this review suggest that when used alone, PEM may have a small beneficial effect on professional practice. There is not enough information to be sure of the clinical effects of Pems on patient outcomes. We could not comment on which PEM characteristic influenced their effectiveness.
This review of 23 randomised trials found that interventions aimed at promoting sexual behaviour change in young women which aim to reduce the spread of STIs can be effective. There were no significant effects on abstaining from or reducing sexual activity. However, there were some positive effects on condom use. There was little information about HPV or cervical cancer. Future trials should focus on HPV and its link to cancer, with long-term follow-up to assess impact on behaviour change, rates of HPV and cervical cancer progression. Studies should use an RCT design where possible.
We included twenty studies with 2337 participants in this review. Nineteen studies compared a brief psychoeducation with routine care or conventional delivery of information. One study compared a short-term brief psychoeducational approach with cognitive behavior therapy. The review found that brief psychotherapy can help people with schizophrenia to take their medication more effectively and reduce relapse in the short term, and also to take medication more quickly in the medium term. People receiving brief psycho education were less likely to be noncompliant with their medication than those receiving routine care and also were more likely to comply with treatment. People in the brief-education group were also less likely than those in the routine care group to have a relapse, but not in the long term. There was no difference found in quality of life, nor in the death rate in either group. There were no data on the long-term effects of brief-psychological treatment. The quality of the evidence was low to very low, mainly because of the small number of studies, the small sample size, and the small numbers of people in the studies. Further large, high-certainty studies are needed to confirm or refute the use of this approach.
We included 11 studies comprising 9839 participants in this review. Most studies included participants with moderate to severe COPD, who had not had recent exacerbations. One study included only people with recent flare-ups. Follow-up ranged from 6 to 52 weeks. All but one study was sponsored by drug companies, thus we rated them as being at high risk of 'other bias'. One study was at high-risk of bias due to poor study design, and possible selective reporting. Five studies recruited GOLD Category B (a group of people with COPD who are considered to be at high to moderate risk) participants, one study recruited Category D (people who are at low risk of COPD), two studies recruited Category A/B participants, and three studies recruited people regardless of category. We found that LAMA+LABA has fewer COPD exacerbations, better lung function tests, and a lower risk of pneumonia. We also found that people who received LAMA +LABA had more frequent improvements in their quality of life. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for most outcomes. The evidence is up to date as of March 2018.
We included three studies with 91 children aged between 6 months and 4 years. All studies were conducted in emergency departments in the USA (two studies) and Spain (one study). The evidence is current to September 2016. One study of 15 children with mild croup compared heliox with 30% humidified oxygen for 20 minutes. There may be no difference in croup score changes between groups at 20 minutes postintervention. The average croup severity at 20 and 90 minutes posttreatment may not differ between groups. There was no difference between groups in mean respiratory rate and mean heart rate at 20 or 90 minutes. The effect may be similar to 100% oxygen given one or two doses of adrenaline. In another study, 47 children with moderate to severe croup received one dose of oral dexamethasone (0.3 mg/kg) with either heliox for 60 minutes or no treatment. Heliox may slightly improve croup scores at 60 minutes after treatment, but there may be little or no difference overall. Children treated with heliox may have lower mean respiratory rates at 60 and 90 minute but there was no clear difference at 120 minutes. Children with moderate croup may have slightly lower mean Taussig croup symptoms at 60 or 90 minute posttreatment, but this may not be an important difference. There were no data on hospitalisation, intubation, or re-presenting to emergency departments. Information on heart rate and blood pressure was not reported. The included studies did not report on adverse events, intensive care admissions, or parental anxiety. We assessed the evidence for all outcomes in this comparison as of low quality, downgraded due to imprecision and high risk of bias related to inadequate reporting. We could not pool the available data because each comparison included data from only one study. Due to very limited evidence, uncertainty remains about the effectiveness and safety of heliox.
The review of trials found that individual red flags appear to be of poor diagnostic accuracy. However, when combinations of red flags are used, they appear to have better diagnostic accuracy and may be useful in detecting vertebras fractures. The results of combined tests appear more informative. The available evidence does not support the use of many red flags to specifically screen for a vertebral fracture. Further research is needed to determine the best type of red flag to use in patients with LBP.
This review identified two randomised trials that compared urethral stricture treatment with surgery or urethroplasty in 210 adult men with urinary stricture. One trial compared the outcomes of urethrotomy and surgery with surgery. The second trial, which compared uthroplasties with surgery, found that urethr surgery was more likely to cause men to require further surgery. There were not enough data to determine which treatment was the best for men with urethra stricture in terms of side effects, side effects and costs. There is a need for well designed, multi-centre trials to answer relevant questions regarding the best treatment for men who have a urinary tract stricture following pelvic fracture injury.
This review of trials found that inhaled corticosteroids (budesonide, beclomethasone) and daily ICS were equally effective in the use of rescue oral corticoids and the rate of severe side effects. There was low quality evidence that intermittent and daily inhaled ICS strategies were similarly effective in reducing the need for rescue oral ICS and in improving lung function. In children and adults, there was no difference in the risk of serious side effects between the two treatments. Both treatments appeared safe, but a modest growth suppression was associated with daily treatment. Clinicians should carefully weigh the potential benefits and harms of each treatment, taking into account the unknown effects of intermittent therapy.
We included 17 studies involving 1639 participants with CKD. Three studies enrolled 341 people with kidney disease, four studies enrolled 168 kidney transplant recipients, and 10 studies enrolled 1130 people. Eleven studies (900 people) compared dietary counselling with advice with or without lifestyle advice, and six studies (739 people) evaluated dietary patterns. The studies were not designed to examine death from all causes or heart disease. We found that dietary interventions may reduce the risk of heart disease, but the certainty of this effect was very low. Dietary interventions may improve health-related health-based quality of life, blood pressure, and serum albumin levels. A Mediterranean diet may lower blood cholesterol levels. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. The evidence is up to date as of April 2018.
We found only one study that included 156 children aged between seven weeks and 24 months. Participants were randomised into three groups: nebulised salbutamol (a steroid inhaler), nebulising a saline solution, and mist in a tent. The results of the study were inconclusive. The study did not report on adverse effects of the interventions. We conclude that mist therapy is not effective in children with bronchiolitis.
We found four randomised controlled trials (1154 participants, age range 50 to 90 years). All participants had a diagnosis of probable or possible Alzheimer's disease and most participants were on a cholinesterase inhibitor. The primary outcome in all studies was change in the Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale - cognitive subscale (ADAS-Cog) from baseline. When we pooled data, there was no significant benefit from statin (mean difference -0.26, 95% confidence interval (CI) -1.05 to 0.52, P value = 0.51). All studies provided change in Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE) from the baseline. There were no significant benefits from statins in MMSE when we pooled the data. Three studies reported treatment-related adverse effects. There was no difference between statins and placebo in the measures of behaviour, global function or activities of daily living. We assessed risk of bias as low for all studies. We found no studies assessing role of statins for treatment of VaD.
This review identified four studies involving 149 participants. Two studies assessed the effect of night splints in a total of 26 children and adults with a Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease. These studies found no significant difference in ankle range of motion. One study assessed prednisone treatment in 103 boys with a muscular dystomy. While the daily dose of prednison at 0.75 mg/kg/day resulted in some strength and function parameters compared with placebo, there was no significant benefit in ankle movement. Increasing the dose to one.5 mg a day did not result in any significant benefit on ankle movement, but there was some evidence of an increase in muscle strength. One of the studies evaluated the early surgery in 20 young boys with Duchenne muscle dystrophy. Surgery resulted in increased ankle dorsiflexion range in the first year but functional outcomes favoured the control group. By 24 months, many boys in the surgical group experienced a relapse of achilles tendon contractures. There is no evidence of significant benefit from any intervention for increasing ankle movement in Charcot and muscular dystonia. Further research is required.
We found 25 randomised controlled trials (5218 women) comparing walking and upright positions with recumbent positions. The evidence is current to September 2014. The review found that walking and standing up in the first stage of labour reduced the duration of labour, the risk of caesarean section, and the need for epidural. Women who were upright were also less likely to have a caesarian section and were less likely than women who were in recumbents to have an epidural (15 studies, 2503 women). Babies of mothers who were standing up were more likely to be admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit (one study, 200 women). There were no significant differences between groups for other outcomes related to the well being of mothers and babies. For comparison 2, walking and ambulant positions with bed care (with epidural: all women), there were no differences between the two groups for duration of the second stage of the labour, or other outcomes relating to mothers' and babies' well being. There is clear and important evidence that upright and mobile positions are safe and effective for women in low-risk labour, and that they do not seem to be associated with increased intervention or negative effects on mothers' or babies' health.
We searched for randomized controlled trials of treatments for TOS. We found three trials, but only two of them had a follow-up of six months or more, which was the minimum required to be included in the review. The first trial that met our requirements involved 55 people with the 'disputed type' of TOS, and compared the use of transaxillary first rib surgery (TFRR) with supraclavic neuroplasty (SNBP). The trial was at a high risk of bias. The second trial, which met these requirements, compared 37 people with TOS of any type, with saline placebo injection. There was no difference between the two groups. There were no side effects in either group. The third trial compared a botulinum toxin injection into the scalene muscles (BTX) with saline injection. This trial was of moderate quality. The BTX injection did not show any significant effect on pain relief or improvements in disability, but it did significantly improve paresthesias at six months' follow up. The trial did not report any side effects of the BTX treatment above saline injection, but there were no serious side effects. There is no evidence from randomized controlled studies for other currently used treatments. This review was complicated by a lack of generally accepted diagnostic criteria for the diagnosis of the TOS and had to rely exclusively on the diagnosis by the investigators in the reviewed studies. We identified one study comparing natural progression with an active intervention. The evidence was of very low quality, and there was no randomized evidence that either was better than no treatment. There are no trials comparing other treatments. There needs to be more high quality randomized trials that compare the outcome of interventions with no treatment and with each other.
Twenty-one trials involving 884 people were included in this review. A hand brace significantly improved pain and function in four weeks. However, ultrasound treatment for two weeks was not beneficial. One trial showed that after seven weeks of ultrasound, symptoms improved. Four trials involving 193 people looked at various oral medications. Two trials compared oral steroids, splinting, yoga and carpal bone mobilisation. One of these trials showed that a two-week oral steroid treatment improved symptoms after four weeks, but the other trial did not show any significant benefit. Two other trials looked at different types of ergonomic keyboards. These trials did not demonstrate any benefit. One study involving 51 people found that yoga reduced pain in eight weeks. In one trial involving 21 people, carpal muscle mobilisation improved symptoms over three weeks. Another trial found that steroids, insulin injections, and other non-surgical treatments did not improve symptoms. Trials of magnet therapy, laser acupuncture, exercise or chiropractic care did not produce symptom benefit. More trials are needed to compare the treatments and ascertain how long they last.
We included two randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that enrolled a total of 708 participants. One trial compared IVS with observation and the other compared IVs with sham injections. The two RCTs enrolled people with CRVO-ME. The evidence is current to August 2018. The trial comparing IVS to observation found that IVS was associated with a higher incidence of adverse events than observation alone. The most commonly reported adverse events were elevated intraocular pressure, progression of cataracts, and retinal neovascularization. The study comparing IVs to observation reported that IVs were associated with an increased incidence of side effects. The quality of evidence was low due to study limitations, imprecision of treatment estimates, and selective outcome reporting. The results of the two RTCs reviewed here provide insufficient evidence to determine the benefits of IVS for individuals with CRV-ME, but the improvement in visual acuity noted in the SCORE trial should be interpreted with caution as outcome data were missing for a large proportion of the observation group. The GENEVA trial reported that the dexamethasone implant was not associated with improvement in vision after six months among participants with CRVR-ME and did not present data for CRVO. The IVS trial compared with observation found a higher rate of side events with IVS. As many as 20% to 35% of participants experienced side effects in the IVS groups compared with 8% of the participants in the observation groups. The GRADE assessment of the evidence indicated that the quality was low because of study limitations and selective reporting of outcome data.
This review identified six randomised trials involving 394 children. Five of the six trials demonstrated that intranasal corticosteroids (given by injection into the nose) may reduce nasal symptoms and reduce the size of the nasal passages in children with adenoids. One trial did not find a significant effect of beclomethasone (a steroid drug) on nasal obstruction symptoms. The other four trials showed that fluticasone (an anti-nasal steroid) reduced nasal obstruction and adenoid size, and that this treatment could be avoided in 76% of the children treated. The fourth trial showed that eight weeks of treatment with flunisolide (500 mcg/day) reduced the size and shape of the nose by more than isotonic saline. In contrast, one trial with a parallel-group study did not show a significant benefit of belmethasone for reducing nasal symptoms or reducing the shape of nasal passages. The long-term efficacy of these drugs in these patients remains to be defined.
We found one small randomised trial (involving 24 women) that compared the use of epidural agents to treat severe pre-eclampsia. This study was a single centre-centre randomised study that compared women who were given a control group who received antihypertensive drugs (drugs that reduce blood pressure), anticonvulsant drugs, plasma expanders (drug that expand the blood vessels) and dypyridamole with a group that was given epidural block instead of the other drugs. The study was at low risk of bias. The included study did not report on any of the outcomes that we were interested in. For the mother, these were: maternal death (death during pregnancy, or death more than 42 days after the end of the pregnancy), the development of eclampsies (seizures), stroke, kidney failure, liver failure, HELLP syndrome (low platelet counts, elevated liver enzymes and low platelets). For the baby, these outcomes were: death (birth in utero, death in the womb, perinatal deaths (deaths plus deaths in the first week of life), death before discharge from hospital, death before the first 28 days, or deaths after the 28 days), preterm birth (birth before 37 completed weeks' gestation); preterm births (births before 37.5 to 37.7 weeks of pregnancy); and side effects of the intervention. Reported outcomes The included trial only reported on a single outcome of interest to this review: the Apgar score of the baby at birth and after five minutes and there was no clear difference between the intervention and control groups. The evidence is up to date as of February 2016. The review authors identified one small study that was at high risk of systematic error (risk of bias) and was assessed as high risk for two other outcomes. The trial was at a high risk to systematic error due to lack of blinding of women and staff.
We included 16 randomised clinical trials with a total of 927 participants. Fifteen trials (one of which was an abstract) provided data for analysis. The participants were between 25 and 70 years old, had different stages of alcoholic liver disease, and 65% were men. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, and Australia. The duration of the trials ranged from three days to 12 weeks. The studies were conducted between 1980 and 2012. The evidence is current to January 2015. The certainty of the evidence was very low for all-cause mortality, serious adverse events, and health-related quality of life. There was no evidence of effect of glucocorticosteroids on death from any cause, liver-related mortality, number of participants with any complications up to three months following randomisation, and number of people with non-serious adverse events up to one year after the end of treatment. We are very uncertain about the effect estimate of no difference between glucococortiosteroids and placebo or no intervention on death due to any cause or serious adverse event, and low for health- related quality-of-life. Due to inadequate reporting, we cannot exclude increases in adverse events. As the CIs were wide, we were unable to rule out significant benefits or harms of the use of these drugs. Therefore, we need placebo-controlled randomised trials, designed according to the SPIRIT guidelines and reported according to CONSORT guidelines. Future trials ought to report depersonalised individual participant data, so that proper individual person-level meta-analyses of the effects of the drugs in subgroups can be conducted. All trials but one were at overall high risk of bias.
We found four studies that involved a total of 245 participants. The studies were conducted with people who were relatively young and the timing after stroke was varied. Study sample sizes were generally small, and the interventions, controls and outcome measures varied. We found no clear evidence of improved on-road driving skills immediately after training, or at six months, in any of the studies. We did find some evidence that the use of a driving simulator may be beneficial in improving visuocognitive skills that are related to driving. However, these results are from a single small study and should be viewed with caution. There was not enough evidence to draw conclusions on the effects on vision, other measures of cognition (such as vision and memory), motor and functional activities, and driving behaviour. There were no reports of side effects. At present, it is not clear which impairments that can influence driving ability are amenable to rehabilitation, and whether one approach is more efficacious.
We included eight studies with 582 participants in this review. Five studies were conducted in hospitals with 519 participants (range 28 to 296). The average age of study participants was 65 to 73 years, the proportion of men varied from 58% to 84%, and COPD was classified as severe or very-severe. Corticosteroid treatment was given at equivalent daily doses for three to seven days for short-duration treatment, and for 10 to 15 days for longer-duration (10 to 14 days) treatment. Five of the studies used a single dose of oral prednisolone (30 mg in four, tapered in one), and two studies used corticosteroids intravenously. The studies were at low risk of bias. In four studies, we did not find a difference in the risk of treatment failure (failure to complete the course of the treatment) between short (three to seven day) and longer (10-15 days) courses of systemic corticostoids. In five studies no difference was found in the likelihood of an adverse event (side effects) between shorter (three days) and long-duration courses of steroids. Time to the next COPD exacerbation did not differ in one large study that was designed to detect non-inferiority (time to the start of the next exacerbation). Length of hospital stay and lung function at the end of treatment did not change between short and longer courses of steroid treatment. We graded most available evidence as moderate in quality because of imprecision; further research may have an important impact on our confidence in the estimates of effect or may change the estimates. Information from a new large study has increased our confidence that five days of oral cortiosteroids is likely to be sufficient for treatment of adults with acute exacerbations of COPD, and this review suggests that the likelihood is low that shorter courses (of around five days) lead to worse outcomes than are seen with longer courses. The evidence is current
We found one randomised controlled trial (13 participants) and identified three ongoing trials. The one trial included in this review was published as an abstract and contained only 13 participants. The evidence is up-to-date as of February 2016. The trial was conducted in the USA and involved 13 participants with MDS. There was insufficient evidence to determine a difference in all-cause mortality (1 trial; 13 participants; RR 0.13, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.01 to 2.32; very low quality evidence). The study did not report on: mortality due to bleeding/infection/transfusion reactions or iron overload, quality of life, frequency and length of hospital admissions, serious infections (requiring admission to hospital), or serious bleeding. There were no anaemia-related complications reported (cardiac failure) and no reported effect on activity levels (no statistics provided). The trial did not provide information on: death from any cause, adverse events, mortality because of bleeding, serious infection, iron overload or iron transfusion reactions, mortality from other causes, quality-of-life, frequency of hospital admission, hospital stay, hospital admissions due to serious infections, serious bleeding, or serious adverse events. The quality of the evidence was very low across different outcomes according to GRADE methodology. This review indicates that there is currently a lack of evidence for the recommendation of a particular transfusion strategy for bone marrow failure patients undergoing supportive treatment only. Further randomised trials with robust methodology are required to develop the optimal transfusion strategies for such patients, particularly as the incidence of the main group of MDS rises with an ageing population. This plain language summary has been written by a consumer Ben Gray, Senior Peer Researcher, McPin Foundation.
We found two studies that evaluated the effectiveness of games as a teaching strategy for health professionals. One study evaluated a game based on the television game show "Family Feud" and focused on infection control. The other study compared game-based learning with a traditional case-based approach to stroke prevention and management. The findings of this systematic review neither confirm nor refute the utility of games in teaching health professionals about stroke prevention or management. There is a need for more high-quality research to explore the impact of educational games on patient and performance outcomes.
This review of trials found that lithium or antidepressants may prevent relapses in people with bipolar or unipolar affective disorder. However, there was not enough evidence to be sure of this. There was also not enough information on side-effects.
The review of trials found that the amifostine has no significant effects on salivary glands. Moreover, no effects on quality of life were evaluated. There was no information on death from any cause, morbidity, quality of health-related life or costs.
We included three studies involving 45 children aged between 29 months and six years with Down syndrome. Two studies compared parent-mediated interventions versus TAU; the third compared a parent-mediation plus clinician-medication versus a clinician’s intervention alone. The studies were very small, with a total of 45 children. The average age of the children ranged from 29 months to six years. Treatment duration varied from 12 weeks to six months. One study provided nine group sessions and four individualised home-based sessions over a 13-week period. Another study provided weekly, individual clinic-based or home- based sessions lasting 1.5 to 2 hours, over a six-month period. The third study provided one 2- to 3-hour group session followed by bi-weekly, individual clinics or home visits plus once-weekly home-brief sessions for 12 weeks. Because of the different study designs and outcome measures used, we were unable to combine the results from the different studies. The findings from the three included studies were inconsistent. Two of the three studies found no differences in expressive or receptive language abilities between the groups, whether measured by direct assessment or parent reports. However, they did find that children in the intervention group could use more targeted vocabulary items or utterances with language targets in certain contexts postintervention, compared to those in the control group; this was not maintained 12 months later. One of the third studies found gains for the intervention groups on total-language measures immediately posttreatment. No study reported evidence of language attrition following the intervention in either group, while one study found positive outcomes on children's socialisation skills, including improvements in children's behaviour and socialisation, in the parent intervention group up to one year after the intervention. One included study looked at adherence to the treatment through attendance data, finding that mothers in the group attended seven out of nine group and four home visits. No studies measured parental use of the strategies outside of the intervention sessions
We included two randomised clinical trials from 1987 and 2004 with a total of 148 participants. Both trials had a high risk of bias. There was insufficient evidence at 3 to 6 months to judge the effect of exercise-based cardiac rehabilitation compared to no exercise on patient-relevant outcomes, including death and serious adverse events. We did find that, compared with control (no exercise), people with heart valve surgery who received exercise may be more likely to exercise than those who did not. We also found that people who did exercise after a heart attack or stroke may be able to do more than people who do not exercise. We were unable to determine the impact of exercise on health-based quality of life, and we did not find any evidence on the impact on the New York Heart Association class, left ventricular ejection fraction and cost. We found moderate-quality evidence that exercise may improve exercise capacity for people after heart attack and stroke. We could not assess the effect on other outcomes, such as the return to work. The quality of the evidence was very low for the outcomes of mortality and adverse events, and very low quality for the other outcomes. The evidence is up to date as of February 2016.
We found five studies that compared meditation with usual care or usual care alone. Two studies evaluated meditation, the others evaluated palliative care interventions with a chaplain or a spiritual counsellor. The studies found no overall significant difference between the groups in quality of life. However, in the studies that used meditation, there was a small but positive effect on well-being. In the studies of palliatives care, it is not clear if all participants received support from a Chaplain and/or a spiritual counselling. In all the studies it is unclear if the support came from the spiritual or the religious. The quality of the studies was not high. We found no clear evidence to support the use of meditation or massage in the treatment of people with terminal illness. There is a need for more rigorous studies to be conducted to assess the benefits and harms of such interventions.
We included six trials with a total of 137 participants. Two studies with 45 participants examined the effects of tDCS compared to control (sham tDCS) on our primary outcome of impairment. We found no evidence that tDCS had an effect on the change in global Unified Parkinson’s Disease Rating Scale. One study with 25 participants measured the reduction in off and on time with symptoms, but there was no evidence of an effect. We also found one study with 16 participants that looked at the effect of a tDCS treatment plus a movement therapy on our secondary outcome. We did not find evidence of any effect on gait, but we did find that gait speed was improved. There was no difference between tDCS and sham tDCS in terms of dropouts, adverse events, or deaths. We could not determine the effects on off time (time that symptoms are not controlled), time that dyskinesia (time of involuntary muscle movements) is present, and health- related (quality of life) in patients with IPD. There is insufficient evidence to determine the effect on reducing off time, time that symptoms were not controlled, and time that the symptoms were controlled, but the person still experienced involuntary muscle movement. We were unable to determine whether tDCS reduced the time people spent in bed, activities, or activities of daily living. We are uncertain about the effects for reducing time spent in the bed, on time spent on the toilet, and on the floor. We do not know if tDCS reduces the time spent lying in bed. We have very low quality evidence that there is no difference in dropouts and adverse effects between tCS and sham or control groups. The quality of the evidence was very low. The evidence is up to date as of January 2018.
We included 12 studies in this review, all of which we judged to be at risk of bias. We excluded studies that did not follow up patients for more than 48 hours. Overall, the quality of the evidence was low to very low, meaning that we are uncertain about the results. Two small studies compared LASB to a placebo (sham) (32 patients) and found no significant short-term benefit (moderate quality of evidence). One small study (36 patients) compared LAsB with corticosteroid and local anaesthetic (36 participants) at one-year follow-up. This study found that the pain intensity of patients who were treated with the two treatments was similar. Of two studies that looked at the addition of LASBs to rehabilitation treatment, the only study that reported pain outcomes demonstrated no additional benefit from LASBS. Eight small randomised studies compared sympathetic blockade to various other active treatments. Most studies found no difference in pain outcomes between sympathetic block versus other active treatment. One small trial compared ultrasound-guided LASBP with non-guided local anaesthesia. Six studies reported adverse events, all with minor effects reported. This update's results are similar to the previous versions of this systematic review, and the main conclusions are unchanged. There remains a scarcity of published evidence and a lack of high quality evidence to support or refute the use of local anaesthetics for CRPS. From the existing evidence, it is not possible to draw firm conclusions regarding the efficacy or safety of this intervention, but the limited data available do not suggest that LASBA is effective for reducing pain in CRPS, but there is no evidence that LAsb is effective in reducing pain.
We searched scientific databases for clinical trials that compared antivirals and corticosteroids in people with Bell's palsy. We found 14 trials, including 2488 participants. Most were small, and most were at high or unclear risk of bias in multiple domains. We included four new studies at this update. The evidence is current to September 2016. A combination of antiviral and corticular drugs may have little or no effect on rates of incomplete recovery in people who have Bell's paralympia compared to corticostoids alone. The combination of corticoids plus antiviralin may have reduced the rate of complete recovery compared to placebo or no treatment, but the evidence is too uncertain for us to draw any conclusions. For people with severe Bell’s palsy, we found that the combination of the antiviral drugs had no clear effect on incomplete recovery at month six compared to the corticoid drug alone, although the results were imprecise. The number of participants who experienced motor synkinesis or crocodile tears was lower with antiviral-treated participants than with placebo- or no-treatment participants. Studies also showed fewer episodes of long-term sequelae in participants who had received cortics plus antiviral treatment than with corticosuppressors alone. We did not find any clear difference in adverse events between treatment and control groups. We rated the certainty of the evidence as very low for incomplete recovery, low for partial recovery, and moderate for adverse events. The certainty of evidence was downgraded because of the small numbers of studies and participants, and because the quality of the included studies was not high enough to allow us to be certain about the results.
We included two studies, including 97 women, in this review. One study compared a LHRH agonist (leuprorelin) with a chemotherapeutic agent, treosulfan, and the other study compared decapeptyl with a fake drug. Both studies were funded by the drug manufacturer. We did not find enough evidence to be able to comment on the safety and efficacy of LHRIs in women with platinum-refractory (cancer) EOC. There may be little or no difference between treatment with LHRI agonists and placebo in terms of overall survival (OS) or progression-free survival (PFS) at six and 12 months, respectively (very low-quality evidence). The duration of follow-up was 2.5 years and quality of life (QoL) was not reported in this study. Alopecia (hair loss) and fatigue were probably more common in the treo-sulfan group than in the placebo group. Side effects were reported in both studies, but the quality of evidence was very low. There was no information on adverse events. The evidence is up to date as of March 2014.
We found 17 randomised controlled studies that included term and near-term infants with low blood oxygen levels. Ten trials compared iNO versus control (placebo or standard care without iNO). Ninos 1997 was the only trial that studied only infants with a hernia. Ninos 1998 enrolled both preterm (in the womb) and term infants but reported most of the results separately. Mercier 1998 studied infants who had not yet been treated with iNO but were still suffering from severe illness. Six trials enrolled infants who were not receiving iNO at the start of the trial but who had been given iNO treatment only after their condition had worsened. Inhaled nitric oxide was found to be effective in reducing the risk of death or use of ECMO. This reduction was due to a reduction in the use of an ECMO machine (5.3 fewer infants needed to be treated for 5.3 infants to have one additional baby). Oxygenation was improved (by approximately 50%) in the infants who did not receive iNO. The OI was decreased by a mean of 15.1 (weighted) mean of 5.1 within 30 to 60 minutes after the start (time of therapy), and partial blood pressure of arterial oxygen (PaO2) was raised by a median of 53 mmHg. Infants who were given i NO at less severe levels did not have better clinical outcomes than those who were enrolled but only if their condition deteriorated. Fewer of the babies who were treated with this type of iNO had a longer course of treatment. In summary, we found that iNO reduced death and the need for ECMO, but did not decrease the risk for other outcomes. In addition, the number of infants with disability, incidence of deafness and infant development scores were all similar between babies who had iNO and those who had no. We rated the quality of the evidence as high for the outcomes of death and ECMO use,
This review aimed to assess the effectiveness of lumbar supports in preventing low-back pain. The review includes 15 studies with a total of 14,437 people. The evidence is current to May 2013. The studies were of moderate quality. There was moderate evidence that lumbaregals are not more effective than no intervention or training in preventing the occurrence of low- back pain, and conflicting evidence whether they are effective supplements to other preventive interventions. It is still unclear if lumbarategals provide more effective preventive interventions than no or other interventions for the treatment of low back pain. It remains unclear whether lumbarb supports are more effective in preventing or treating low-backs pain than no treatment or training. There is still a need for high quality randomised trials on the effectiveness and safety of these interventions. One of the most essential issues to tackle in these future trials seems to be the realization of an adequate compliance. Special attention should be paid to different outcome measures, types of patients and types of lumberar support.
We included 57 studies with 16,784 catheters and 11 types of impregnations in this review. The total number of participants enrolled was unclear, as some studies did not provide this information. Most studies enrolled people from the age of 18, including patients who were in intensive care units (ICU), oncology and cancer units, and patients who received long-term total parenteral nutrition. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2018. We found that antimicrobial CVCs reduce the occurrence of catheter-related blood stream infection and catheter colonization. However, the magnitude of benefits regarding catheter colonization varied according to the setting, with significant benefits only in studies conducted in ICUs. There were no significant differences between the impregnated and non-impregnated groups in the rates of adverse effects, including thrombosis/thrombophlebitis, bleeding, erythema and/or tenderness at the insertion site. The magnitude of the benefits was also not affected by the participants' baseline risks. A comparatively smaller body of evidence suggests that antimiotic CVC-impregnant CVC do not appear to reduce the rates for clinically diagnosed sepsis or death. Our findings call for caution in routinely recommending the use of antimicrobial-impanted CVC. Further randomized controlled trials assessing antimicrobial cv-impened CVC should include important clinical outcomes like the overall rates of sepsitis and mortality.
We included 15 studies, of which 14 were randomised controlled trials. The interventions included zinc supplementation in pregnant women (three studies), micronutrient supplementation in children (eight studies), and nutrition education for pregnant women and children (two studies). The studies took place in recognised slums or poor urban or periurban areas. The participants were 9261 infants and children and 3664 pregnant women. The study locations were mainly Bangladesh, India, and Peru. The studies were conducted in schools, hospitals, and clinics. Six interventions were adapted to the urban context (e.g. house, community, or'service delivery'). The evidence is current to September 2016. The evidence was current to August 2016. We found that all the studies identified were nutrient supplementation and educational interventions. There was no evidence of an effect of nutritional interventions on LBW or length. The certainty of the evidence was very low to moderate overall. The included studies had overall high risk of bias for 11 studies and only four RCTs had moderate-certainty evidence. Overall, the studies had a wide range of outcome measures reported. Consequently, only eight study findings were reported in meta-analyses and seven in a narrative form. None of the studies reported differential impacts of interventions relevant to equity issues. The main review outcomes were available from seven studies for LFA/HFA, four for LBW, and nine for length. Zinc supplementation of pregnant women on length (versus supplementation without zinc or placebo) There was low- to moderate-quality evidence that there was no effect of an intervention on either LBW (moderate-quality) or length (low-quality). There was also no evidence that the intervention had an effect on LBWs (moderate quality) or on length at 18 months (low quality). Education interventions for women on LBw of education interventions in pregnant pregnant women, and nutrition systems strengthening interventions targeting children (compared with no intervention, standard care) There were inconclusive
This review of trials found that foam dressings are not more effective than other wound dressing treatments for venous leg ulcers. There were no differences in healing outcomes when foam dressers were compared with paraffin gauze (two trials), hydrocapilla (one trial), hydrocolloid (one), knitted viscose dressing (1), or protease modulating matrix. There was also no difference in the proportion of ulcers that healed at 12 to 16 weeks when foam was compared with other wound dressings. No differences in the number of participants who experienced adverse events were found when hydrocellular foam dressing was compared to polyurethane foam dressing, or with hydrocapillary (a type of foam dressing) or knitted (or knitted) viscose (a fabric dressing). The evidence in this area is of low-quality. Further evidence is needed from well-designed and rigorously-conducted trials, that employ methods to minimise bias, and report their results clearly, before any conclusions can be made regarding the efficacy of foam-based dressings in the treatment of venous-leg ulcers, and before any firm conclusions can been made about their safety.
We found two studies that compared celecoxib and etoricoxib to placebo. One study (n = 159) compared etoricoxinib (60 to 120 mg/day) to placebo in patients with rheumatological manifestations (i.e. ulcerative colitis or Crohn's disease). The other study, n = 222, compared a placebo (a substance that contains no active medicine) to celecoxb (200 mg twice daily). Both studies had small numbers of patients. The two studies were judged to be at low risk of bias. There was no difference in exacerbation of IBD between celecoxbot and placebo. After 12 weeks of treatment, 17% of celecoxobacteria (14/82) in the celecoxbotti group experienced an exacerbation compared to 19% in the placebo group. There were no serious side effects in either group. No patients experienced any cardiovascular side effects. The results for disease exacerbation and side effects between the two COX-2 inhibitors celecoxint and placebo were uncertain. The proportion of patients who experienced side effects was similar in the two groups (21% and 17%, respectively, P > 0.20). No patients in either study died or experienced serious adverse events. GI AEs included increased stool frequency, rectal bleeding, and inflamed mucosa. No side effects were reported in the study comparing celecoxist to placebo and no serious adverse effects were observed. The quality of the evidence was low due to the small number of patients and short follow-up durations of the studies. Clinicians need to continue to weigh the risks and benefits of these drugs when treating patients IBD patients with IBD with symptoms of rheumological manifestations in order to avoid disease exacerbations and other side effects, and further RCTs are needed to determine the tolerability and safety of celeoxib and placebo in these patients.
We found 22 trials that included a total of over 2310 participants. The trials were mostly small and had short follow-up periods. Six trials included only people with ulcers that were clinically infected; one trial included people with both infected and non-infected ulcers; two trials included people who had not been infected; and the other 13 trials did not report on infection status. The evidence is current to September 2016. We found that there is probably little difference in the risk of adverse events between the different types of topical antimicrobial treatments. We are uncertain about the relative effects of different topical antimicrobials for each of our review outcomes for this comparison, that is wound healing, resolution of infection, surgical resection, and adverse events. The overall certainty of the evidence was generally low or very low. The included studies mostly had small numbers of participants (from 4 to 317) and relatively short follow up periods (4 to 24 weeks). At baseline, six trials only included people whose ulcers were infected. The remaining studies did not provide information on the number of ulcers healed, and these data were uncertain (very low-certainty evidence). The evidence was uncertain for the relative effect of the use of topical antibiotics on the resolution of infections and surgical resections. There was no information on adverse events or other outcomes. The quality of the included studies was generally very low or low, and we were uncertain about most of the results. The certainty of evidence was downgraded twice due to risk of bias (risk of overestimation of benefits and underestimation of harms) and imprecision (low confidence in the results). We found no studies that compared topical antibiotics with growth factor (a growth hormone) for treating diabetic foot ulcers. We included four studies with a total number of 937 participants. These studies reported no wound-healing data, and the certainty of this evidence was very low (low-certainties). There were four trials with 132 participants
We searched for studies that compared zinc supplementation with no supplementation in children aged 0-18 years to prevent pneumonia. We included six studies that involved 5193 participants. We did not identify any new studies for inclusion in this update. We found that zinc supplementation reduced the incidence of pneumonia by 13% and the number of children who developed pneumonia by 41% in the six studies included in this review. On the other hand, zinc supplementation did not reduce the number or severity of pneumonia defined by specific clinical criteria by 21% (i.e. confirmation by chest examination or chest radiograph) but had no effect on lower specificity pneumonia case definition. We also found that children who received zinc supplementation experienced faster fast breathing with or without lower chest indrawing. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for both incidence and prevalence of pneumonia. This means that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the results.
This review of 10 studies including 33,179 participants found that, despite its benefits in preventing diarrhoeal illnesses, vitamin A supplementation has only a limited effect in preventing acute LRTIs. This unexpected result is outside our current understanding of the use of vitamin A for prevention of acute LUTIs. Vitamin A should therefore not be given to all children to prevent acute LITIs. Low-dose vitamin A appears to have fewer side effects and at least equal benefit to a high dose of vitamin C.
This review of trials found that theophylline has a modest effect on lung function, but this effect is modest. Theophyllines have a very low dropout rate in the studies that could be included in this review, which suggests that recruited participants may have been known by the investigators to be theophyLLine tolerant. This may limit the generalisability of these studies.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that involved a total of 439 children, aged 1 year to 18 years, with egg allergy. Each study used a different method of giving oral immunotherapy. Three studies used a placebo (fake treatment) and seven used an egg avoidance diet as the control. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand and the United Kingdom. All studies enrolled small numbers of children and used different methods to provide oral immunotherapies. We found 10 trials that met our inclusion criteria, that involved 439 participants. Each trial used different ways to give oral immuneotherapy, and none used sublingual immunotherapy (where the medicine is given by injection into the muscle). We found that children who received oral immuntherapy were able to eat more of their food (1 g to 7.5 g) more often than children who did not receive treatment. Most children (82%) in the treatment group could eat a full serving of egg compared to 10% of the control group. However, fewer than half (45%) of children receiving oral immun therapy were able or appeared to be able to tolerate a full serve of egg. Mild-to-severe adverse events were frequent, with 75% of children presenting mild-to severe adverse events during oral immuntreatment treatment versus 6.8% of those in the control groups. Of note, seven studies used the diet of children who avoided eating eggs for at least two years as the intervention. Adverse events occurred in 4.2% of participants, which may relate to accidental ingestion of egg-containing food. We also found that 1 in 12 children had serious allergic reactions requiring adrenaline, and some people gave up oral immunacy. It appears that oral immun therapies for egg allergy are effective, but confidence in the trade-off between benefits and harms is low, because there was a small number of trials with few
We included four trials involving a total of 579 participants. The evidence is current to August 2015. The review found that there is no evidence that an ILR-based diagnostic strategy reduces long-term mortality as compared to a standard diagnostic assessment (very low quality evidence). No data were available for short-term all-cause mortality. Data from two trials seemed to show no difference in quality of life, although this finding was not supported by a formal analysis due to differences in both the scores used and the way the data were reported. Cost analyses from two studies showed higher overall mean costs in the ILR group, if the costs incurred by the implant were counted. Participants who underwent ILR implantation experienced higher rates of diagnosis (moderate quality evidence), as compared with participants in the standard assessment group, with no evidence of heterogeneity. No data on short term deaths were available. Two studies reported data on adverse events after the implant. Due to the lack of data on side effects in one of the studies' arms, a formal meta-analysis was not performed for this outcome. Further trials evaluating the effect of ILR in the diagnostic strategy of people with recurrent unexplained syncope are warranted. Future research should focus on the assessment of the ability of ILRs to change clinically relevant outcomes, such as quality oflife, syncope relapse and costs.
We found four small studies that enrolled 275 patients with 282 hydroceles. These studies compared surgery and sclerotherapy (155 patients) with either no treatment or a combination of treatment. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK and Australia. The evidence is current to May 2014. The review found that there was no significant difference in clinical cure between the two groups, however there was significant heterogeneity (I² = 95%). On further investigation one study contributed all of the heterogeneity. This could be due to the agent used or the fact that this is a much older study than the other two studies included in this analysis. When this study was removed from the analysis the result was significant (in favour of surgery) (2 studies, 136 participants). There was a significant increase in recurrence in those who received sclerosant agents compared with surgery (3 studies, 196 participants). One study reported a non-significant decrease in fever in the sclerosing solution concentration group (60 participants) and there was an increased number of infections in the surgery group (4 studies, 275 participants). Three studies reported the frequency of pain in the surgical group was higher than in the treatment group but because of different measurement tools used in these studies, we could not combine the results. Radiological cure was not reported in any of the included studies. There was no difference in haematoma formation between the groups (3 small studies, 189 participants). Only one study reported patient satisfaction at three and six months; there were no significant differences between the treatment groups at three months. Radiologic cure rates were not reported. The cure rate in short-term follow-up was similar between the intervention groups (three studies, 186 participants). The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. There is a great need for rigorous RCTs that assess the effectiveness of different types of scleroant agents, sclerosesant concentration and injection volume for the treatment of hydrocoeles. It
We searched the medical literature for clinical trials on the use of inhaled nebulisers to treat tracheomalacia in children. We found one trial that compared nebulised recombinant human deoxyribonuclease (rhDNase) with a placebo in 40 children with tracheal malacia and a respiratory tract infection. We assessed it to be a low risk of bias. The trial did not show that nebulising rhDNase improved the proportion of children who were free of coughs at two weeks. However, the mean change in night time cough diary scores from baseline was better in the nebuliser group. The average change in day time cough diaries was also better for those on placebo. Other outcomes (dyspnoea, difficulty in breathing and sputum tests) were also better in those children on placebo than those on nebulisation. The quality of the evidence was low. We conclude that there is currently no evidence to support any of the therapies currently used for the treatment of tracheo-inspirational disease. It is unlikely that any RCTs on surgically based treatment will ever be available for children with severe life-threatening illness. For those who have less severe disease, more RCT on interventions such as antibiotics and chest physiotherapy, and measurements of the trachea and the body's response to treatment, should be conducted.
We included 21 studies with 2658 participants in this review. All studies assessed the effectiveness of some form of psychological therapy. Fourteen studies compared forms of cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT), while the remainder evaluated forms of behaviour therapies, third wave CBT (mindfulness), psychodynamic therapies, and integrative therapy. We found no studies on physical therapies. Duration of treatment ranged from one to 13 months. Participants were recruited from various healthcare settings and from the open population. The duration of symptoms, reported by nine studies, was at least several years, suggesting most participants had chronic symptoms at baseline. Five studies compared the psychological therapy to enhanced or structured care. Only one study compared cognitive behaviour therapy with behaviour therapy. Compared with usual care or waiting list conditions, CBT reduced somatic symptoms, with a small effect and substantial differences in effects between CBT studies. The effects were durable within and after one year of follow-up. However, compared with enhanced care or structured therapy, CBTs generally were not more effective for most of the outcomes. The overall quality of evidence contributing to this review was rated as low to moderate. Most studies did not describe adverse events as an explicit outcome measure, so this result has to be interpreted with caution. An important issue was that all studies included participants who were willing to receive psychological treatment. In daily practice, there is also a substantial proportion of participants not willing to accept psychological treatments for somatoform disorders or MUPS. It is unclear how large this group is and how this influences the relevance of CBT in clinical practice. The number of studies investigating various treatment modalities (other than CBT) needs to be increased; this is especially relevant for studies concerning physical therapy. Future studies should include participants from a variety of age groups; they should also make efforts to blind assessors and to conduct assessment until at least one year after end of treatment. For other items, most studies were at low risk of bias. Adverse events were seldom reported
We included 63 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in this updated review. We were able to synthesize data from 39 of these studies, enrolling a total of 3027 participants. We found that epidural anaesthesia may reduce the risk of PPP three to 18 months after thoracotomy. We also found evidence that regional anaesthesia (injection of local anaesthetic) may reduce PPP after three to six months after breast cancer surgery. We could not pool data for adverse effects because the included studies did not examine them systematically. We did not find any evidence that paravertebral block (block of the spinal cord) reduces the rate of developing PPP. There was moderate-quality evidence that intravenous infusion of local anesthetics (injections of local drugs) may prevent PPP in breast cancer patients. We conclude that there is moderate-good evidence that there may be a reduction in PPP, but our confidence in the findings is limited because of the small size and number of studies, and because of missing data. Larger, better quality studies, including children, are needed. We caution that except for breast surgery, our evidence is based on only a few small studies.
This review of 28 randomised controlled trials (1742 participants) found that second-generation antipsychotics, mood stabilisers, and omega-3 fatty acids have some beneficial effects on BPD symptoms. However, these results are based on single studies and need to be replicated. There was a possible increase in self-harming behaviour, significant weight gain, sedation and changes in haemogram parameters with olanzapine. A significant decrease in body weight was observed with topiramate treatment. All drugs were well tolerated in terms of attrition. The available evidence indicates some beneficial effect with second- generation antipsychotic, mood-stabilising drugs, and dietary supplementation by omega 3 fatty acids, but these findings are mostly from single study effect estimates. Antidepressants are not widely supported for BPD treatment, but may be helpful in the presence of comorbid conditions. No promising results are available for the core symptoms of chronic feelings of emptiness, identity disturbance and abandonment. Conclusions have to be drawn carefully in the light of several limitations of the RCT evidence that constrain applicability to everyday clinical settings (among others, patients' characteristics and duration of interventions and observation periods).
We included seven trials involving a total of 349 participants, 217 of whom completed the studies. Three trials were cross-over and four were parallel-group (where participants were divided into two groups). Of these, two were added for this update (one trial with 40 participants, and one cross over RCT with 67 people). The trials compared different washout solutions (saline or acidic) with no washout. We are uncertain if washout (one or more) has an important effect on the rate of symptomatic urinary tract infection or length of time each catheter was in situ. Four trials looked at the use of different washouts, such as saline or acidic, saline versus acidic, and saline or antimicrobial (where the washout solution is used to treat bacteria) versus no washouts. We were unable to combine the results of these trials, which were too small to be of clinical value. Two of the four trials had limited clinical value because they were based on between groups of participants who had different outcomes for the same treatment. One trial had only 14 participants (of 25 who were recruited). Four studies reported on possible harms of wash out use, including blood in the wash out solution, changes in blood pressure and spasms. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. The included studies were of poor quality. The evidence was not adequate to conclude if washouts are helpful or harmful. Further rigorous, high quality trials are needed. Trials comparing different types of washout, washout volumes, and washout frequencies or timings are also needed. The high risk of bias of the included studies meant that the results were imprecise. Only one of the trials was free of significant methodological limitations. This trial recruited and maintained participants in this study, but there were difficulties with recruitment and maintaining them in the study. There were very few small trials that met the inclusion criteria.
We included 30 studies (18,682 participants in total). Eighteen studies contributed to the main objective of the review and 22 studies contributed the secondary objectives. We found substantial differences in cancer diagnosis, cancer treatment, age of participants, and the way in which fatigue was measured. We could not combine the results of the studies because of the differences in the way they were conducted. We identified several problems with the methods used to measure fatigue. Eighteen of the 18 studies (describing 14,573 cancer survivors) reported the prevalence of severe fatigue. In a subgroup of three studies (including 268 survivors) including children up to 18 years, the prevalence ranged from 6.7%. In comparison, in 12 studies (13,952 survivors), the prevalence was 4.4%. The studies also looked at the frequency of fatigue in children aged 16 and over. The studies found that in children with bone cancer, fatigue was more common than in people with brain cancer. In four studies, survivors were more likely to be fatigued than controls. We were not able to combine results from these four studies because they were too different. One study (with 102 participants) reported that over the course of 2.7 years, 32 out of the 102 participants (31.4%) reported persistent fatigue. It is not clear how many children with cancer suffer from severe fatigue, and it is unclear how many people with cancer are tired. The evidence is weak. We cannot be sure whether fatigue is a problem for people with childhood cancer, and we cannot say whether it is important for people who are not cancer survivors. We also do not know if fatigue is an issue for people without cancer. We do know, however, that people who have cancer are more tired than people who do not. This is also true for children who have not had cancer.
We included 36 trials involving 6914 people. There was variation in the antibiotics used, patient characteristics and risk of RTIs and death in the control groups. In trials comparing a combination of topical and systemic antibiotics, there was a significant reduction in both RTIs (16 studies = 16, odds ratio (OR) = 0.28; 95% CI 0.20 to 0.38), and total deaths (17 studies = 17, OR 0.75,  CI 0.65 to  87) in the treated group. In the trials comparing topical antimicrobics alone (or comparing topical plus systemic versus the systemic alone) there was an improvement in RTIs, but not in total deaths. The risk of resistance occurring as a negative consequence of antibiotic use was not explored in one trial.
This review identified five randomised controlled studies that examined the effects of educational interventions targeting nursing staff for preventing or reducing the use of physical restraints in elderly people in the long-term care setting. All of them investigated educational approaches. Four studies looked at nursing home residents, and one study residents in group dwelling units. No studies in the community settings were included. Three studies included only one or two nursing homes per study condition. Overall, the quality of the studies was low. There is insufficient evidence to support the use or prevention of physical restraint use in elderly care homes.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared glucocorticoid supplementation with placebo (a pretend treatment) during IVF stimulation. The trials included 416 women. Two of the studies had data in a form we could not enter into analysis, so results from only two trials (310) women were included. The evidence was rated as low or very low quality, mainly due to the small number of studies and few events. There was no conclusive evidence to show whether there was a difference in live birth rate between the groups. The results of this review suggest that if the chance of live birth with placebo is 15%, then the chance following supplementation would be between 7% and 31%. There was also insufficient evidence to determine whether there is a difference between the two groups in multiple pregnancy rate, miscarriage rate, or clinical pregnancy rate. The review suggests that there may be little or no impact on live birth rates, but more research is needed. Neither of the trials reported OHSS or side-effects.
We included eight trials (291 participants aged between five and 23 years) in this review. Seven trials compared standard-dose rhGH (approximately 0.3 mg/kg/week) to no treatment and one three-arm trial compared placebo (a pretend treatment) to three doses of rhGH. Six trials lasted for one year. Two trials for six months. The trials showed that, compared with no treatment, rhGH treatment may improve some measures of pulmonary function, but there was no difference between standard and high-dose levels. We found evidence that rhGH may improve height, weight and lean body mass, but improvements in weight and muscle mass were only seen for standard- dose rhGH versus no treatment. There was some evidence that there was a change in blood glucose levels, but this did not lead to diabetes. The evidence was of low to very low quality. There is low- to very-low-quality evidence for improvement in the level of lung function, with no significant side-effects. One small trial reported on improvement in quality of life. None of the trials looked at the effect of treatment on overall health costs. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate.
We included 26 studies with 1,695 participants. The studies compared the effects of reducing exposure to the agent (e.g. by reducing the amount of the agent in the workplace) with either continuing exposure or reducing exposure. We found that both reduction of exposure and removal from exposure may improve symptoms and lung function. However, the risk of worsening of asthma symptoms may be increased. The risk of unemployment may also be increased with removal from the exposure. The quality of the evidence was low. We need more studies to evaluate the effects on the health of workers with occupational asthma.
This review included six trials with a total of 1758 participants. All participants were from the outpatient setting and had nonerosive reflux disease (e.g. reflux with no symptoms) or milder grades of esophagitis (LA grade A or B). Five trials investigated on-demand deprescribing and one trial looked at abrupt discontinuation. There was low quality evidence that people taking PPI on a 'demand basis' may have a lower risk of symptom control than people taking it continuously. There is also some evidence that PPI use may be reduced in people with mild GERD. There were insufficient data to make a conclusion about the long-term benefits and harms of PPI stopping, although two of the six trials (one 'on-demand' and one 'bendover' trial) did report endoscopic findings in the treatment groups at the end of the study. None of the studies reported cost/resource use or drug withdrawal effects. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate.
We included 13 randomised trials with a total of 995 participants. These evaluated social skills programmes versus standard care, or discussion group. We found evidence that social skills training may improve the social skills of people with schizophrenia and reduce relapse rates, but at present, the evidence is very limited with data rated as very low quality. We also found that rates of relapse and rehospitalisation were lower for social skills compared to standard care and participants’ mental state results were better in the group receiving social skills. Global state was measured in one trial by numbers not experiencing a clinical improvement, results favoured social skills (1 trial, n = 67). Quality of life was also improved in the social Skills programme compared to the standard care group. However, we found no significant differences in the participants social functioning, relapse rates or mental state or quality of life, again the quality of evidence for these outcomes was very low. When social skills was compared to discussion there was no difference on patients outcomes. Cultural differences might limit the applicability of the current results, as most reported studies were conducted in China. Whether social skills can improve social functioning of people in different settings remains unclear and should be investigated in a large multi-centre randomised controlled trial.
We found only one study that compared pegloticase with placebo (a fake drug) in 225 people with tophi. This was the pooled results from two RCTs (225 people with gout at the start of the study) that compared three different treatments: one every two weeks (biweekly) and one monthly ( alternating with a placebo) and placebo. The study showed that biweekly (two weeks per month) and monthly (one month per month), peglotics given every two or three weeks, or placebo, reduced tophi in the subset of participants with tophospholipid tophi, but increased withdrawals due to adverse events in all participants, and monthly infusion appeared to result in less benefit. The number of participants needed to be treated for one person to have complete resolution of one or more tophi was 3 (95% confidence interval (CI) 2 to 6). Eleven of 52 participants with monthly peglosis treatment had complete tophi resolution compared with 2/27 participants who received placebo. Most withdrawals were due to side effects. Pegloticase administered biweekly resulted in more participants withdrawing from the study due to serious side effects than placebo (15/85 participants withdrew due to severe side effects compared with 1/43 participants with placebo). Peglotics given monthly also resulted in fewer participants withdrawing due to harmful side effects (16/84 participants withdrew from the placebo group compared with one-third of participants receiving placebo). Most of the side effects in the placebo groups were related to flares of gout, probably unrelated to the drug treatment per sepsis, so this may explain the high rate of side effects seen in participants who were treated with placebo - who were essentially untreated. This review showed that peglotase is probably beneficial in the management of tophi (tophi) in gout. However, there is a need for more RCT data considering other interventions, including surgical removal of tophils.
This review identified five studies on oral immunoglobulin (IgG) for the prevention of NEC. Three studies met the inclusion criteria. Based on the available trials, the review found that the administration of IgG or IgG/IgA alone did not reduce the risk of NEC in newborn infants. There are no trials of IgA alone.
The review of trials found that chemotherapy after hysterectomy and radiotherapy is an effective treatment for women with metastatic breast cancer. It reduces the risk of developing a recurrence of the cancer, reduces the number of women who need to be treated for a new cancer to be alive, and may be an alternative to radiotherapy.
We included 35 studies, from a range of countries on six continents. Nineteen studies were conducted in low- and middle-income settings, and sixteen in high-cost countries. The studies covered a range, for example, targeted client communication, including reminders for appointments, information about smoking, or general health information. Some of the studies looked at the views of the people who had experienced these types of programmes, while others asked what people felt they would like from such a programme. Our findings showed that clients' views of these programs were mixed. Some felt that they felt they were connected to each other, as they felt that someone was taking the time to send them messages. They also described how they shared the messages with friends and family. However, clients also pointed to problems they had when using these programmes. Some clients had poor access to cell networks and to the internet. Others had no phone, had lost their phone, or had changed their phone number. Some people, especially women, had their access to phones controlled by others. The cost of the messages could be a problem, and many thought that messages should be free. Language issues, skills in reading, writing, and using mobile phones could be problems. Clients with health problems, such as HIV/AIDS, were concerned about how the messages were delivered. Some suggested strategies to deal with these issues. Some also suggested that the messages be written in a way that was neutral, so that they could be used in different contexts. Some said they wanted messages at a time and frequency that was convenient for them. They had preferences about how messages were sent, and how they were delivered, including short message service (SMSMSS) or interactive voice response (IVR). They also had preferences for different types of message delivery (e.g. a short-term text message service or voice response). They had new knowledge, reminders, solutions, and suggestions about health issues. We also looked at whether clients were aware of
This review of trials found that methadone is as effective as any other drug treatment for people with opioid dependence. However, it is not as good as heroin use. The studies included in this review show that slow taper of opioids, with a temporary substitution of long-acting drugs, can reduce withdrawal severity. Nevertheless, the majority of people relapse to use heroin.
This review of nine randomised controlled trials, involving 1109 participants, found that the level of sedation does not affect the intensity of withdrawal from methadone or naltrexone withdrawal, although the length of time that the participants were sedated may influence withdrawal severity. There is a significant risk of adverse events with heavy (or 'heavy' or 'dummy') sedation, and the risk of death from these adverse events is potentially life-threatening. The high cost of anaesthesia-based approach, both in monetary terms, and use of scarce intensive care resources, should not be pursued.
This review included fourteen studies. The studies lasted from 10 days to three months. The review found that, compared to other typical antipsychotics, there was no evidence of a difference in effectiveness between the two groups. However, there is some evidence that it is more likely to cause movement disorders, but it does cause significantly more weight loss. There is no evidence to suggest that it may have an atypical profile. The strength of the evidence relating to this compound is limited, owing to small sample size, poor study design, limited outcomes and incomplete reporting.
We included 20 studies with a total of 2125 participants covering 23 different treatments. Each study involved a different set of interventions. They can be grouped into those including hydroquinone, triple-combination creams, tretinoin, and fluocinolone, and combination therapies (hydroquinone cream and sugar water peels), rucinol, vitamin C, and Thiospot, as well as other less conventional therapies (e.g. rucins, vitamins C and D). The results of the studies were not combined due to the different treatments used and the small number of studies. The results showed that single-use cream was more effective at lightening melasma when compared to a single treatment. Triple cream was also more effective in lightening the skin of people with melasma. Azelaic acid (20%), which is a type of acid, was also better than 2% hydroquinones (2.5% versus 4%). In two studies where tretinosin was compared to placebo, participants rated their melasma as significantly improved in one study but not the other. In both studies by other objective measures tretdinin treatment significantly reduced the severity of melasma, but not both studies measured this. The adverse events most commonly reported were mild and transient such as skin irritation, itching, burning, and stinging. The quality of studies evaluating melasma treatments was generally poor and available treatments inadequate. High-quality randomised controlled trials on well-defined participants with long-term outcomes to determine the duration of response are needed.
This review included 12 randomised controlled trials with a total of 1319 participants. All studies were a minimum of one year long. A significant reduction in surgical failure in the first year after trabeculectomy was detected in eyes at high risk of failure and those undergoing surgery for the first time receiving regular-dose 5-FU postoperative injections (RR 0.67, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.51 to 0.88). This translates to a number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome of 4.1 for the high-risk of failure patients, and 5.0 for primary trabculectom patients receiving postoperative 5.FU. No surgical failures were detected in studies assessing combined surgery. No difference was detected for the low-dose postoperative injection group in patients undergoing primary trABECulectoma. Intraocular pressure was also reduced in the primary-trabeculothoracic group receiving intraoperative and regular dose postoperative doses of 5.5-FU and no significant change occurred in the combined surgery group receiving regular dose 5.05-FU. Intranasal pressure was reduced in both groups receiving intraoperatively and postoperatively 5.15-FU injections. No evidence was found of an increased risk of serious sight-threatening complications, but other complications are more common after 5-UF injections. None of the trials reported on the participants' perspective of care. The quality of the evidence varied between subgroups and outcomes, most notably the evidence for combined surgery and low- dose postoperations was found to be of very low quality. The combined surgery subgroup because no surgical failures have been reported and the sample size is small (n = 118), and the low dose postopients because of the small number of participants and the high risks of bias of the only contributing study. Postoperative injections of 5FU are now rarely used as part of routine packages of postoperative care but
The review of trials found that inhaled corticosteroids may reduce the rate of flare-ups, but the effect on lung function remains unclear. Long-term use of ICS (more than six months) did not consistently reduce the number of people with COPD who had a decline in lung function. There was no difference in the number who died. The rate of decline in the quality of life of people who took ICS was reduced. People who took inhaled steroids were less likely to have a flare-up. People in the long-term studies had more side effects, such as hoarseness and oopharyngeal candidiasis. People taking ICS were more likely to get pneumonia than people taking placebo (a fake inhaler). People taking inhaled steroid drugs had more bone problems than people in the control group. People on ICS had more opharynx problems (e.g. oropharynxitis) than people on a placebo.
We included 80 randomised controlled trials (5820 women) in this review. These trials compared 20 different NSAIDs (18 non-selective and two COX-specific) with placebo, paracetamol or each other. Most of the studies were conducted in the USA. The evidence is current to September 2014. NSAIDs appeared to be more effective for pain relief than placebo (35 trials, 53 women). This suggests that if 18% of women taking placebo achieve moderate or excellent pain relief, between 45% and 53% taking NSAIDs will do so. However, NSAIDs were associated with more adverse effects (overall adverse effects: 25 trials, 25 women; gastrointestinal, neurological, and neurological adverse effects; and side effects: seven trials, seven women; low quality evidence). NSAIDs appear to be a very effective treatment for dysmenorrhoea, though women using them need to be aware of the substantial risk of adverse effects. There is insufficient evidence to determine which (if any) individual NSAID is the safest and most effective for the treatment of dysmen orrhoeas. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for most comparisons, mainly due to poor reporting of study methods. Most studies were commercially funded (59%), a further 31% failed to state their source of funding.
We included seven studies that compared high versus low levels of PEEP (2565 participants). In five of the studies (2417 participants), a comparison was made between high and low PEEP with the same volume in both groups. In two of the remaining two studies (148 participants), the volume of the PEEP ventilator was different between high- and low-level groups. We found that high-PEEP did not reduce deaths before hospital discharge. The data also show that the risk of a barotrauma (bore in the brain) was not reduced by high-level PEEP. Oxygenation was improved in the high-pEEP group, but data from the studies showed a considerable degree of statistical heterogeneity. Available data were insufficient to pooling of length of stay in the intensive care unit. The subgroup of participants with ARDS (arriving at a rapid rate of death) showed decreased deaths in the ICU, although it must be noted that in two of these studies, the authors used a strategy involving a low tidal volume and a high level of PEP. This review indicates that the included studies were characterized by clinical heterogeneity.
This review included 42 studies involving 11,399 patients. Fifteen studies were excluded from the original review (nine retracted from publication due to concerns about the integrity of data and six lacking data for the calculation of the RIFLE criteria). Fifteen of the studies were not included in the review due to missing data. Overall, the review found that HES products increase the risk of AKI and RRT in all patient populations. The risk of kidney failure was higher in the HES treated patients compared to the non-sepsis group. There was no difference in the risk for sepsis-related kidney failure. There were no differences between the subgroups for the RRT-based outcomes, high molecular weight (MW) and degree of substitution (DS) versus low MW and DS (i.e. a difference of 200 kDa and > 0.4 DS in the high MW and 130 kDa in the low DS subgroup). There were differences in the risks of sepssis and injury in the Rifle-I based outcomes, which may be due to the differing response of the kidneys to fluid resuscitation in pre-renal and post-rehospitalization AKI. The quality of the evidence was good.
We identified nine studies that enrolled a total of 682 participants. Seven of the studies compared Rheum officinale with no treatment and two made comparisons with captopril, a drug that blocks the action of the angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACEi). The evidence is current to August 2014. The review found that Rheam officinare had a positive effect on SCr and BUN levels in patients with CKD. However, no significant difference was found between Rheaum officinane and captoprial in relation to BUN, CrCl, or patients' capacity to undertake work. No data were available on all-cause mortality or cost of treatment. Only minor adverse events were reported in association with Rhem officinune. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. The included studies did not report blinding or group allocation methods.
We found 13 papers, representing data from 2745 individuals (n = 1413) with dementia. The IQCODE test was used to identify those who were at risk of dementia and who were assessed by a specialist. We found that IQCode was more accurate in the general hospital setting than in the specialist memory setting. We also found that it was better than the 26-item test, which is used in the language of the trial. We did not find any differences in the test accuracy of the short (16-item) and the long (26-item), or in the way in which the test was administered. The language of administration did not affect the test's accuracy, which supports the use of the tool. The quality of the included studies was not high. The included studies varied in terms of how they were designed, how they recruited participants, and how they reported the results. This means that we cannot be sure that the results are valid.
We included three studies in this review, involving 91 participants. All three studies investigated various types and intensities of outpatient rehabilitation programmes for upper limb spasticity in adults with stroke. All three studies were of low quality. In all three studies, participants had had a stroke for at least six months. Rehabilitation programmes included: modified constraint-induced movement therapy (mCIMT) compared with a neurodevelopmental therapy programme; task practice therapy with cyclic functional electrical stimulation (FES) compared to task practice therapies alone; and occupational, manual therapy with dynamic elbow extension splinting compared with occupational therapy only. There was 'low quality' evidence for mCIMTs improving upper limb motor function and spasticities in chronic stroke survivors with residual voluntary upper limb activity, up to six months, and'very low quality' quality evidence for dynamic elbow splintings and occupational therapy reducing elbow range of movement at 14 weeks. There is no evidence for the effectiveness of outpatient MD rehabilitation in improving active function and impairments following BoNT for upper arm spasticy in adults. No studies addressed interventions in children and those with lower limb spasticsity, or after other focal intramuscular treatments for spasticia. No trials explored the effect of MD rehabilitation on 'passive function' (caring for the affected limb), caregiver burden, or the individual's priority goals for treatment. The optimal types (modalities, therapy approaches, settings) and intensity of therapy for improving activity (active and passive function) in adults and children with post-stroke spasticITY, in the short and longer term, in both the short term and the long term, are unclear. Further research is required to build evidence in this area.
This review identified four randomised clinical trials, recruiting 136 patients. Two trials compared the two main antiviral drugs, lamivudine and HBIg, with HBIG alone. A third trial compared the combination treatment with lamivudiudine plus HBI g versus lamividine alone after one month of combination treatment, and a fourth trial compared lamivudaudine alone with lamivariudine with lamivanor dipivoxil after at least 12-month of lamivudoine and hibiclovir combination treatment. No clear evidence was found from these trials for the treatment of patients with chronic HBV following liver transplantation for preventing recurrence of HBV infection. All trials were open-labelled, and none of the trials were adequately powered to show a difference in HBV recurrence. No meta-analyses were performed since the identified trials assessed different comparisons. This review could not derive clear evidence for the use of long-term combination treatment for the prevention of recurrence after liver transplant.
This review of trials found that sulphonylurea with insulin did not improve fasting blood glucose control more than insulin alone. In addition, there was some evidence that it led to earlier insulin dependence. One study showed that using GAD65 (glutamic acid decarboxylase in certain doses (20 μg) may help to maintain fasting glucose and stimulated blood glucose levels. There was no information on health-related quality of life, complications of diabetes, cost or health services utilisation, mortality, and adverse events. The review found that sugary drinks (such as sugary syrup) given with or without metformin (a drug used to lower blood sugar) were no more effective than insulin in maintaining normal blood sugar control. There were no data on side effects. There is no evidence to support the use of vitamin D with insulin.
This review included 70 studies (44,958 participants) that compared social norms with no social norms for prevention of misuse of alcohol in college/university students. These studies were conducted in a variety of countries, with a total of 42,784 students. The results of this review indicate that there is no evidence that social norms are effective in preventing misuse. The effects of social norms on alcohol misuse are too small to be of any relevance for public health or social care. Moreover, the effects are not consistent for all misuse measures. The quality of the evidence was rated as moderate or low for most outcomes. The main reasons for this are that the studies were not of high quality, and some of the results were imprecise.
We included three trials with a total of 492 participants who had received 530 THA. The evidence presented was of very low quality. One study (81 participants) compared outcomes for participants who were given hip precautions, equipment and functional restrictions with those who were not. There were no incidences of hip dislocation or adverse events in either group. The study did not measure pain, function, health- related quality of life (HRQOL), re-operations or total side effects. We are uncertain if the provision of hip precautions with or without the addition of postoperative equipment, restrictions to functional activities and restrictions on pain and restriction on personal and/or instrumental ADL improves outcomes. One trial (265 participants; 303 THAs) compared hip precautions and the addition to the prescription of hip restrictions with no additional equipment. There was no difference in the rate of hip dislocation between those who received hip restrictions and those not. We were uncertain if hip precautions resulted in fewer hip dislocations. The trial did not assess pain score, HRQOL, re-operation rate or total adverse events. One small study (146 participants) investigated the use of a programme of enhanced postoperative education and rehabilitation to promote functional ADL in those who had undergone THA, compared to a standard rehabilitation programme. This study was of low-quality evidence. The results of this study were uncertain. The quality of the evidence was downgraded due to the small number of participants and the small size of the study. The studies were at high risk of bias, which means that the results may be influenced by the way the study was conducted. We do not have enough evidence to be certain that hip precautions are effective in preventing hip disllocations and improving outcomes after THA for people who have had a THA and are fit and well. There is no evidence to support or refute the use a postoperative programme of functional reintegration and education. Further high-quality trials are needed to
This review of three randomised trials found that LNG-IUD use reduces the recurrence of painful periods in women with endometriosis. There was no difference in the number of women who were not satisfied with their treatment. There were also no differences between groups in terms of pain scores. There is limited but consistent evidence showing that postoperative LNG, or LNG/D, use is beneficial in women who have had an operation to remove the endometrium. More well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to confirm these findings. This plain language summary was adapted by the review authors from a summary originally written for the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials.
We included 24 studies, with a total of 14,867 participants. The majority were conducted in laboratory settings (14/24), with adult participants (17/24) and used between-participants designs (19/24). The majority of studies were from high-income countries, predominantly in the USA. All of the included studies investigated food products; none investigated alcohol or tobacco. Six studies investigated availability interventions, of which two changed the absolute number of different options available, and four altered the relative proportion of less-healthy (to healthier) options. Most studies (4/6) manipulated snack foods or drinks. For selection outcomes, we found that exposure to fewer options resulted in a large reduction in selection of the targeted food(s): SMD 1.13 (95% confidence interval (CI) −1.90 to −0.37) (low certainty evidence). For consumption outcomes, meta-analysis of three comparisons from two studies (n = 150) found a moderate reduction in consumption of those foods, but with considerable uncertainty: SMD 0.55 (95%) (CI −1.27 to 0.18) (very low certainty evidence), and for consumption outcomes only one study with one comparison was identified, which found that food placed farther away resulted in an increase in its consumption:SMD 1.60 (95 % CI −0.84 to − 0.36) (moderate certainty evidence) for both consumption and consumption outcomes. Meta-regression analyses indicated that this effect was greater: the farther away the product was placed; when only the targeted product(s) was available; when participants were of low deprivation status; and when the study was at high risk of bias. Eighteen studies investigated proximity interventions. Most changed the distance at which a snack food or drink was placed from the participants, whilst four studies changed the order of meal components encountered along a line. For the comparison outcomes, the evidence was of low or very low certainty
This review of trials found that PEP is not 100% effective in preventing HIV seroconversion. However, it is based on limited evidence of effect. There is no direct evidence to support the use of a multi-drug regimen for PEP following HIV exposure. There are no studies that evaluated the effect of two or more antiretroviral drugs for occupational use. The use of PEP should be started as soon as possible after exposure, depending on the risk of HIV infection. More rigorous evaluation of adverse events, especially in the developing world, are needed.
This review found that CBT has small to moderate effects on pain, disability, and mood, but not on pain or mood. CBT is effective in altering mood and catastrophising outcomes, but there is no evidence to support its use for pain. Behaviour therapy has no effects on mood. There is some evidence that it can improve disability, but the evidence is weak. There was no clear evidence that the CBT treatment had an effect on mood, although CBT did show a small improvement in mood immediately after treatment. The quality of the trials was not clearly improved over time, and it is not clear if the quality or content of the treatments has improved.
We included 15 national initiatives, including more than 260,000 people, in this review. None of the initiatives were provided in lower-middle- or low-income countries. Ten of the 15 national interventions provided sufficient data for quantitative analysis. Five of these showed a decrease in salt intake from pre-intervention to post-interventions. Two showed a mean increase in salt consumption. The remaining five did not show a statistically significant mean change. Two of the 10 initiatives showed a change in average salt intake. Of those seven, four (four in Finland, one in Ireland, and one in Switzerland) showed a reduction of salt intake, and the other two (two in Canada) showed an increase. Nine of these (five in Austria, four in Germany, one each in Switzerland and Austria, and two in the United States) showed differential impact by sex (men and women separately). For women, three initiatives (three in China, Finland, France, United Kingdom, and three in Germany) showed no significant change, and four (Austria, Netherlands, Switzerland and United Kingdom) did not change, but two (Canada, United States and Austria) did show an increase in average daily salt intake (1.66 grams/day more per person). Information was insufficient to indicate whether a differential change in mean salt intake occurred by other axes of equity included in the PROGRESS framework (e.g. education, place of residence). We identified no adverse effects of these initiatives. The number of initiatives was not large enough to permit other subgroup analyses, including stratification by intervention type, economic status of country and duration (or start year) of the intervention. Many studies had methodological strengths, including large, nationally representative samples of the population and rigorous measurement of dietary sodium intake. However, all studies were scored as having high risk of bias, reflecting the observational nature of the research and the use of an uncontrolled study design. The quality of evidence for the main outcome was
We found seven studies that compared the effects of medicines for sleep bruxism. All studies had small numbers of participants, ranging from seven to 16 people per study, and were cross-over studies. Three studies were of low risk of bias. Four studies were at uncertain risk. Amitriptyline, bromocriptine, clonidine, propranolol, and levodopa were compared with a placebo (dummy pill) or with no medication. The results were imprecise. The use of preventive medicines avoided any side effects. One study reported that people taking clanidine were more likely to have a second stage of sleep. However, the results for the other sleep-related outcomes with clonamine were uncertain. The effects of the medicines were reported in a number of people, but the results were not consistent. Side effects were frequent in people who took amitriptyne (5% in 10) and in people taking levodopride (7/16) (5/10 in 10 had drowsiness, difficulty waking in the morning, insomnia or xerostomia). Clonidine was associated with low blood pressure in three of 16 people. There was not enough information on the effectiveness of pharmacotherapy for the treatment of people with sleep-bruxism, so we cannot be certain about the safety of medicines. There is a need for more research to be conducted.
We included 10 randomized controlled trials with a total of 1015 participants. All studies compared immunonutrition with omega-3 fatty acids and/or antioxidants (i.e. eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), omega-2 fatty acids (DHA), gamma-linolenic acid), and antioxidants) with placebo (pretend treatment). The evidence is current to August 2018. We found no evidence that the use of immunonutraction with omega 3 fatty acids or antioxidants reduced the risk of death from any cause. We are uncertain whether immunonutration with omega3 fatty acid and antioxidants improves the duration of time spent on the ventilator, the number of days spent in the ICU, or oxygenation at day 4. We also are uncertain of the effects of omega 3 supplementation on adverse events such as cardiac events, gastrointestinal events, and total adverse events. We assessed some of the included studies as having high risk of bias due to methodological shortcomings. The quality of the evidence was very low.
We found 33 studies that compared different methods of eliciting AEs. The studies were conducted in a variety of countries, with a range of ages of participants. We found that more specific questioning led to more AEs being detected compared to a more general enquiry. There was no clear evidence that more severe AEs were detected when more specific questions were used. However, two studies did not find a clear difference in the nature of these AEs between the two methods. We were able to combine the results of two studies, which showed that quite severe, bothersome, or clinically relevant AEs could only be detected with a subsequent interview. We could not be sure whether this means that the AEs are less severe or debilitating when they are only detected by an interview, but it may be that this is the case. There were concerns that methods to elicite AEs may lead to under-detection of AEs, and that this could compromise the ability to pool AE data. The quality of the methods used in the studies was low. The authors of this review suggest that future studies would be better designed and reported to better understand how to better answer AEs and other important aspects of the study. Any chosen method needs to be feasible for use by both staff and patients. While the many potential AE endpoints in a trial may preclude the development of general AE patient-reported outcome measurement instruments, much could be learnt from how these employ both quantitative and qualitative methods to help researchers and patients to understand how these are used.
We found 15 studies that assessed the effectiveness of nocturnal supervision for people with epilepsy. Eight studies did not assess whether or not the intervention had an effect on SUDEP. Two studies assessed risk factors for SUDEP, but not interventions for preventing SUDEP; and one study is awaiting classification. We found one case-control study that was at serious risk of bias. This study assessed 154 cases of SUDEP and 616 controls. The study found that the presence of a supervising person in the room could prevent SUDEP in people who shared the same bedroom or when special precautions, such as a listening device, were used. This effect was found independent of seizure control. We could not assess the effects of noxturnal supervision on non-SUDEP deaths, changes to anxiety and depression, and quality-life. The number of people who attended the hospital was not reported. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. We identified very low-quality evidence of a preventive effect for noct nighttime supervision for the prevention of SUDE. Further research is required to identify the effectiveness and safety of other current interventions, for example seizure detection devices, safety pillows, safety pills, SSRIs, early surgical evaluation, educational programmes, and opiate and adenosine antagonists in preventing SUDE in people with seizures.
The review included seven studies with a total of 208 people with cystic fibrosis. The age of participants ranged between seven and 63 years with a wide range of disease severity reported. The studies were of variable length and were not powered to assess non-inferiority. Six of the seven studies enrolled people who were stable and one study enrolled people with an infective flare-up. All seven studies compared the use of autogenic drainage to one (or more) other airway clearance technique. One study was of parallel design, whilst the remaining six were cross-over designs. The total study duration in the studies varied from four days to two years and the studies were generally of poor quality. The review's main outcome was the amount of air in the lung that people could breathe out in one second. This was measured by all seven studies. The other outcomes were forced expiratory volume (how much air a person can breathe out) in one breath and quality of life. One of the studies reported on side effects and found that people who performed active cycle of breathing techniques had a lower oxygen level in their blood, but this was not reported in the other six studies. There was no difference between any of the other methods used in terms of the outcomes measured. Six studies measured lung function and sputum weight. The results of the review showed that there was not enough evidence to show whether autogenic ventilation is better than other airways clearing methods. The quality of the evidence was generally low or very low. The main factors that downgraded the quality of evidence were the frequent use of a cross over design, the frequent reporting of outcome data and the lack of blinding of participants.
This review found that psychological therapies, all using a CBT approach, were more effective than TAU/WL in reducing anxiety, worry and depression symptoms in the short-term treatment of GAD. However, the body of evidence for CBT is small and heterogeneous, which precludes drawing conclusions about which psychological therapy is more effective. Further studies are needed to inform health care policy on the most appropriate forms of psychological therapy in treating GAD, and to inform GAD patients on the best treatment.
The review of trials found that women who had had three or more consecutive miscarriages may have a lower rate of miscarriage in subsequent pregnancies. There was no clear difference in the number of women who gave birth before the due date. There may be little or no difference in low birthweight for the babies. The trials did not report on any other important outcomes for women or their babies, such as adverse effects on the mother's health, or admission to a special care unit. The quality of the evidence was moderate. The majority of trials were at low risk of bias.
We included 14 studies with a total of 1298 participants in this review. Nine studies (704 participants) compared CM versus control, and five studies (594 participants) assessed MIB interventions versus control. We did not find any studies that assessed other psychosocial interventions. For the most part, it was unclear if included studies were adequately controlled for bias within their studies as such information was not often reported. We assessed risk of bias in the included studies relating to the way in which participants were selected, how the studies were carried out, and how many women dropped out. The included studies rarely measured outcomes for the mother and her baby. For studies that did measure such outcomes, no difference was observed in pre-term birth rates (three trials, 264 participants), adverse effects of drugs at birth (two trials, 217 participants), maternal toxicity (mothers were more likely to have adverse reactions to drugs), or low birth weight (one trial, 160 participants). The results did show that babies born to mothers who received CM interventions were less likely to be admitted to hospital for longer than those who received MIB. There was no difference in retention or abstinence (at the end of treatment) in any of the interventions compared to control. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. Overall, the evidence suggests that there is no difference between CM and MIB for treatment of drug use. There were no differences observed at the end in retention of the drug use or abstinence in the treatment groups. The evidence was of moderate to low quality. It is important to develop a better evidence base to evaluate the effectiveness of these interventions in this important population.
We identified 31 studies (44 reports) including 27,071 participants. The studies were conducted in a variety of countries. The risk of bias in the studies was low or unclear for several domains. Compared to the transfemoral approach, the transradial approach may reduce short-term net adverse clinical events (NACE), cardiac death, all-cause mortality, and bleeding. However, the risk of short term heart attack was similar between both groups. Transradial method had a lower procedural success (i.e. a lower chance of successful diagnosis of CA or PCI (or both), but was linked with a lower risk of death, bleeding, and access site complications. We found that transradication may be a safe and effective approach for diagnostic CA or PCI in CAD. There is not enough evidence to determine whether it is safe to use transradiation in the long term.
We found two studies of palliative care interventions for people with dementia. One study (99 participants) evaluated the effect of a care team for people who had an acute illness. The other study (256 participants) assessed the effect on end-of-life food options for nursing home residents. Both studies were at high risk of bias, in part because the participants were not blinded. This and small sample sizes meant that we could not combine the results of the two studies. We found no evidence that palliatives care interventions affected death in hospital, the number of people who forgo cardiopulmonary resuscitation (a procedure that helps people to breathe on their own), or the quality of the care they received during hospital admission. One of the studies reported that a palliation plan was more likely to be developed for participants in the intervention group, but the plan was only used for two people, both in the group and in the care home. The study also found that the care plan was used more often on discharge from the hospital. The studies did not measure the same outcome. The certainty of the evidence for all outcomes was low. There was a lot of uncertainty in both studies. The evidence is up to date as of April 2015. There are six ongoing studies that we expect to include in future versions of this review.
The review of trials found that there were no differences between the two methods of sequencing adjuvant therapy for local recurrence-free survival (recurrence of the cancer in the breast) and overall survival (time to death from the cancer) for women with breast cancer treated with concurrent chemoradiation. There were also no major differences in the risk of side effects between the different methods. However, there was one trial (244 women) that showed that women treated with RT before CT had an increased risk of neutropenia, but other measures of toxicity did not differ.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving a total of 622 participants. The RCTs were conducted in the community setting, with the interventions delivered by health professionals, and had a short-term follow up (up to 24 weeks). Three trials compared crpene plus resistance or weight training with a placebo (a pretend treatment). The other trials compared a CrP dose with placebo. We found no firm evidence to show which dose of CrP would prove most effective versus placebo. However, we found that CrP had an effect on the body weight of 392 participants. There were two serious adverse events in participants taking 1000 µg CrP, and one in an individual who took 200 µg. Two participants receiving a placebo discontinued due to adverse events. No study reported on death from any cause, illness, morbidity, health-based quality of life or socioeconomic effects. We assessed the quality of evidence as low for all of the outcomes. The evidence is up to date as of February 2016.
This review included 11 studies with a total of 886 participants. These evaluated a range of comparisons in a range (different) surgical wounds healing by secondary intention. There was no robust evidence on the relative effectiveness of any antiseptic/antibiotic/anti-bacterial preparation evaluated to date for use on SWHSI. Where some evidence for possible treatment effects was reported, it stemmed from single studies with small participant numbers and was classed as moderate or low quality evidence. This means it is likely or very likely that further research will have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect, and may change this estimate.
This review identified five randomised studies with a total of 1049 women. The trials evaluated five different techniques and procedures. There was no conclusive evidence of benefit for all of them. The same applies for terbutaline tocolysis (using a drug to remove the excess fluid) and use of a continuous vacuum aspiration during CVS. The quality of the evidence was not high. In the absence of clear evidence, the operators should continue to use methods and technique modifications with which they are most familiar with. Any randomised trials of technique modifications that are performed to high standard with high safety outcomes and sufficient power to detect important clinical differences would be welcome.
We included 10 studies: four provided data for quantitative analyses (437 participants); five studies were randomised trials (1182 participants); three studies were non-randomised trials, which included 1181 participants. One study was unreported. Six studies were from upper-middle-income countries (China, Mexico, South Africa), one was from a lower-middle country (Bangladesh), and three were from a high-income country (Canada). Three studies included maize flour fortification with folic acid and other micronutrients. The duration of interventions in these studies ranged from two weeks to 36 months. The evidence is up to date as of April 2015. The certainty of the evidence ranged from very low to low, depending on the type of study, the intervention type, and the outcome measure. The studies were conducted in different countries, with different populations of participants, and with different interventions. The quality of the studies was low or very low. In one non-RCT, wheat flour fortified with foli-acid and other nutrients was associated with significantly lower occurrence of total neural tube defects, spina bifida, and encephalocoele, but not anencephaly, compared to unfortified flour. In two non-rCTs, serum foliate concentrations were higher among women who consumed flour fortified with folate and other minerals compared to women who did not. Haemoglobin or anaemia: in a cluster-randomized trial among children, there were no significant effects of fortified wheat flour flatbread on haemoglobin concentrations. Women of reproductive age consuming maize flourfortified maize porridge did not have higher erythrocyte folate or plasma folate concentrations compared to no intervention. The overall certainty of evidence was very low for all outcomes. Most studies had unclear risk of bias for randomisation, blinding, and reporting, and low/unclear risk of contamination for attrition and contamination.
We found six trials. Two trials involving 1,124,483 newborns (210 with CF) with a maximum follow up of 17 years were eligible for inclusion. The trials were conducted in the USA and Canada. Two randomised controlled trials assessing neonatal screening in CF were identified; data from one study were included. Screening provides potential for better pulmonary outcomes, but confounding factors influenced long-term pulmonary prognosis of people with CF. Screen screening seems less expensive than traditional diagnosis. Estimates suggest diagnosis through screening is less expensive. Nutritional benefits are apparent.
We found five randomized controlled trials, recruiting a total of 7314 participants, with a mean follow-up of 4.5 years. The trials compared 'lower' versus standard blood pressure (lower blood pressure target < 120 mmHg) or'standard' < 140 mmHG systolic blood blood pressure targets. The trials did not show any difference in the risk of stroke, heart attack or death. Despite achieving a lower blood pressure, and using more drugs to lower BP, there was no significant benefit in the group assigned to the 'lower blood pressures. There was a trend towards a lower risk of death in the people who achieved the lower target. However, trying to achieve the lower blood pressures was linked to an increase in the rate of serious adverse events. The quality of the evidence was low. There was a high risk of selection bias for all outcomes in the trials. This means that the results may be biased in favour of the'lower' target. More trials are needed, with future trials reporting death, total adverse events and renal failure.
This review of trials found that wearing non-removable, pressure-relieving casts, when used with a tendon lengthening device, is more effective in healing plantar foot ulcers than wearing removable casts, or dressings alone. The results of this review also show that wearing these devices, when combined with a non-resistance device, can be more effective than the use of non-reovable casts alone.
This review identified five randomised trials (RCTs) describing six different cognitive training, exercise and physical activity interventions. Two trials (n = 100), two (n=95) of computer-assisted cognitive training and one (47) of meditation were identified. Each of these studies focused on breast cancer survivors. We found no evidence that any of the cognitive training or meditation interventions reduced the risk of cognitive impairment. Two studies (95 participants) showed that cognitive training may improve cognitive function, but the evidence was of low-quality. We did not find any evidence to suggest that physical activity or cognitive training had an effect on mental health. We assessed the evidence for the effects of the computer-based cognitive training interventions as being of low quality. We need more research in this area. We also need to find out if there is a role for physical activity and meditation in the treatment of cancer patients. There is a need to know whether there is any benefit for people with cancer other than breast cancer. The evidence is up to date as of April 2015.
We found six trials, all from the 1970s, randomising 343 participants. We excluded one trial. The overall methodology and data reporting by the trials was poor. Only short-term data were available. The results of this review show chlorpromazine and piperacetazine may be similar in terms of global state improvement, but there was no clear difference in global state when rated by a psychiatrist. One trial reported change scores on the mental state scale Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS). No clear difference was observed. In both treatment groups, around 60% of participants experienced some sort of side effect, with approximately 40% reporting some parkinsonism-type movement disorder. No trial reported data for change in negative symptoms or costs. The quality of the evidence was very low. The evidence is up to date as of September 2014.
This review found five randomised trials with a total of 207 participants. The trials compared the use of colorectal stents with emergency surgery for the treatment of obstruction of the colon. The use of stents was found to be as safe as the emergency surgery in terms of the number of deaths and complications. However, there was no difference in the 30-day mortality rate. The average time of clinical relief of obstruction was 0.66 day in the stent group and was 3.55 days in the emergency group. The stent insertion was successful in 86.02%, compared to 86.03% in the control group. There was no statistically significant difference in overall complication rate in both groups. The complication rate was 39.22% in colonic stent and 45.71% in emergency surgery groups. There were no significant differences in the complication rate between the two groups in the terms of death, perforation, migration and obstruction. The mean hospital stay was 11.53 days and was 17.15 days respectively in the colonic and emergency surgery group, the average procedure/operating time was 113.93 minutes in the colic stents group and 143.85 minutes in emergency surgical group. Blood loss was 50 ml in the group of the colcic stenter and 350 ml in both the emergency and control groups.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (1867 women) comparing human albumin, HES or HES with no treatment or with mannitol. The evidence is current to September 2014. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. The review found evidence that human plasma expanders reduce OHSS in women at high risk of OHSS. However, there was evidence of a detrimental effect on pregnancy rates. There was no evidence of an effect on live birth rates. Adverse events appear to be uncommon, but were too poorly reported to reach any firm conclusions, and there were no data on live births. The quality of the evidence was very low to moderate for all comparisons. The main limitations were imprecision, poor reporting of study methods, and failure to blind outcome assessment.
This review found 10 studies involving 484 patients. The evidence did not suggest superior efficacy or patient satisfaction of any one sclerosing agent over another. There was some evidence suggesting that sclerosant drugs were more likely to cause adverse reactions than placebo, but there was no evidence of superiority of sclerotherapy to placebo. The studies did not show that any of the drugs were better than placebo. However, the amount of evidence is small and the quality of the research was poor. More research is needed to determine the best treatment and the best dosing of the drug(s).
We included seven studies (241 participants) in this review. The studies were conducted in a variety of countries and used different treatments. We could not combine the results of these studies because many of the studies did not provide sufficient data. We found evidence that salbutamol administered via a nebulizer or metered-dose inhaler (MDI) is the most effective drug for reducing serum potassium. The peak effect was seen at 120 minutes for 20 mg nebulised salbut amol and at 90 minutes for 10 mg ne-bulised sertraline. One study reported 1.2 mg salbutamycin via MDI 1.5 mg produced a significant decrease in serum potassium beginning at 10 minutes and a maximal decrease at 60 minutes. Intravenous (IV) and ne-bronzepine produced similar effects. Insulin-dextrose was more effective than IV bicarbonate and aminophylline, but was more ineffective than IV sodium or potassium binding resins. None of the included studies evaluated the effect of IV calcium or potassium-binding resins in the treatment of hyperkalaemia. Evidence for the acute pharmacological management of high blood potassium levels is limited, with no clinical studies demonstrating a reduction in adverse patient outcomes. Of the studied agents, salbutamicol via any route and IV insulin-dontrose appear to be most effective at reducing serum concentrations of potassium. There is limited evidence to support the use of other interventions, such as IV sodium and potassium-bound resins, and the effectiveness of potassium salts has not been tested in randomised controlled trials. More research is needed before firm recommendations for clinical practice can be made.
We searched for studies that compared antimicrobial lock solutions (antibiotics and non antibiotics) to standard sealing solutions for the CVC for HD. We found 29 studies, enrolling 4216 participants. The evidence is current to August 2015. Antimicrobial lock solution probably reduces the incidence of CRI per 1000 catheter-days (27 studies: low certainty evidence), but the effect on the risk of thrombosis (blood clots) is uncertain (14 studies: 14 studies: high certainty evidence). Antibiotic and non-antibiotic lock solutions probably reduce the incidence (13 studies: 13 studies: 47% certainty evidence) and the risk (4 studies: 4% certainty of evidence) of the CRI and risk of the clot formation per 1000 CVC-days, respectively. The combination of antibiotic and the combination of both lock solutions made little or no difference to the incidence or risk of clots per 1000-day (14 study: 83% certainty). The effect of the combination lock solution on the incidence and the occurrence of Cri was uncertain (3 studies: 3% certainty) (3% of the evidence). The overall quality of the included studies was low or very low, mainly because of the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants in the majority of the studies.
We identified 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared pre-emptive therapy with either placebo or standard care. We included 15 RCTs in this review. Of these, six investigated pre-eternal treatment versus standard care, eight looked at pre-estrogen-based antiviral treatment, and one reported on oral pre-start of treatment compared with intravenous pre-treatments. We found that, compared with placebo (or standard care), pre-metabolite (a pretend treatment) given to people before CMV disease occurred reduced the risk of CMV-related rejection, but not the chance of death or all-cause mortality. There were no significant differences in the risks of graft loss, graft rejection, acute rejection and infections other than CMV. The risk of developing leucopenia (blood in the urine) was significantly less with pre-ets than with prophylaxis. The number of adverse effects did not differ significantly between the two groups. The quality of the included studies was considered to be moderate to high. All studies were considered to have a low risk of bias. Only one study reported adequate blinding of participants and personnel; no study reported blinding of outcome assessment. The evidence is current to September 2015.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that investigated the effects of sweet potato preparations on glycaemic control in people with type 2 diabetes. The trials involved 140 participants. All three studies were performed by the same company. All trials were conducted in the USA and all were funded by the manufacturer of the sweet potato preparation. The evidence is current to May 2014. The studies showed that sweet potato prepared with 4 g of sugar per day improved glycosylated haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) at three to five months compared to placebo. No serious adverse effects were reported. Diabetic complications and morbidity, death from any cause, health-related quality of life, well-being, functional outcomes and costs were not investigated. There is not enough evidence to recommend the use of sweet potatoes for diabetes mellitus. Further observational trials and RCTs are needed to guide any recommendations in clinical practice. In addition to improvement in trial methodology, issues of standardization and quality control of preparations - including other varieties of sweet Potato - need to be addressed. Overall, the risk of bias of these trials was unclear or high.
We searched for studies that compared the active cycle of breathing technique with other airway treatments (such as autogenic drainage, airway oscillating devices, high-frequency chest compression, and positive expiratory pressure). We found 19 studies, with a total of 440 people. Five randomised controlled studies (192 people) were included. The age of the people in the studies ranged from six to 63. The average age of people in these studies was 22.33 years. Most of the studies were cross-over studies, which means that participants were randomly assigned to one of two or more treatments. Most studies did not report on key quality items, which meant that we could not assess the quality of the evidence. Five of the 19 studies were of good quality, but the other 14 were of poor quality. The results of these studies were inconclusive. There was no difference in lung function or the number of lung attacks between people with cystic fibrosis who used the active cycles and those who did not. People who used these breathing techniques preferred autogenic (where air is pumped out of the lungs using a device that is pumped through the airway) drainage to those who used other treatments. More people preferred the use of high frequency chest compressors to high-speed chest compression. There were no differences in quality of life, lung function, sputum weight, exercise tolerance or lung function between people who used an airway pump and those using a high-pressure device. The number of people who had a lung attack was the same in both groups of people. There is no evidence to support or reject the use or rejection of active cycle breathing therapy over any other air way of airway clearance. Longer-term studies are needed to more accurately assess the effects of the treatment on outcomes that are important for people with CF.
This review has provided evidence that brief co-incubation of sperm and oocytes may improve the ongoing pregnancy rate for infertile women undergoing IVF cycles. This review has shown that there is low quality evidence to suggest that the use of brief-co-insemination is associated with an increase in ongoing pregnancy rates. There is no evidence to support the use brief-injections of oestrogen and sperm for IVF treatment.
This review of five studies found that a long IT was associated with an increase in air leaks and deaths. Long IT was also associated with a higher risk of death in newborn infants. The results of this review should be taken into account that these studies were conducted prior to the introduction of steroids, post natal surfactant and the use of synchronised modes of ventilation. Therefore, caution should be exercised in applying these results to modern neonatal intensive care. Most of the participants had single pathology (HMD), and no studies examined the effects of IT on newborns ventilated for other reasons (such as meconium aspiration) or congenital heart disease. However, the increased rates of air leaks (deaths) using a short IT were found to be clinically important.
This review included 33 studies involving 5110 patients. There is a large variety in the ways the TFU was performed (the health professionals who undertook the intervention, the frequency, structure, duration, etc.). Many different outcomes have been measured, but only a few were measured across more than one study. Effects are not constant across the studies, nor within patient groups. Due to the diversity of the studies and differences in their methods, we could only pool the results of the different studies. Of the eight meta-analyses, five of the eight included studies showed considerable variation in their results. Overall, there was not enough evidence to conclude that TFU is an effective intervention. The studies were generally of low methodological quality. No adverse effects were reported. Nevertheless, some studies find that the intervention had favourable effects for some outcomes, but overall the studies show that there is no difference between TFU and control groups.
We identified 38 relevant trials. These trials were conducted in a wide range of countries, countries, healthcare settings and community settings. The trials evaluated six broad types of strategies to increase trial retention. These were incentives, communication strategies, new questionnaire format, participant case management, and behavioural interventions. For 34 of the trials, retention was response to postal and electronic questionnaires with or without medical tests. For four trials, the retention was the number of people remaining in the trial. Strategies that improved retention were the addition of monetary incentives, the use of a postal or electronic questionnaire, and an offer of a GBP20 or GBP10 voucher. Some other strategies, such as the use or extension of a telephone survey, seemed to be more effective than a monetary incentive. There was no evidence that a telephone questionnaire was either more or less effective than an incentive and questionnaire. There were few evaluations of ways to improve people's return to trial sites. Most of these were based on the results of a single trial. There is no good evidence to support the use, extension or extension, of a non-monetary, non-money incentive, 'enhanced', letters, letters delivered by post, or additional reminders, or a questionnaire question order. As our analyses are based on single trials, it is not clear how the effect of using offers of charity donations, sending reminders to the trial, or when a questionnaire is sent, may affect the response of people to the questionnaire.
We included eight studies that involved a total of 829 participants (416 and 413 participants, respectively). Six studies are awaiting classification, and one is still ongoing. We found no significant differences between the devices in terms of failure of oxygenation, use of an alternate device, sore throat, bronchospasm, gastric insufflation, regurgitation, coughing, and excessive leak. We are uncertain about the effects of either of the airway devices on the failure of the device to work properly, the need for use of a substitute device, or the need to replace the device. We also found that more time was needed for the device (10.12 seconds) to work. Peak airway pressure was lower in the Classic laryngeal mask group. Peak OPs were higher in the pLMA group. We did not find any important differences in the number of people who had to be re-inserted after the device had been used. We were unable to determine whether the ProSeal larynx airway made a better seal, and therefore, may be more suitable than the Classic airway for the use of positive pressure ventilation. The quality of the evidence for all outcomes, as assessed by GRADE score, was low. This means that we cannot be completely confident in the results.
We included 19 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1453 participants. Fifteen of these studies were not included in the previous review. The studies were carried out in a variety of countries and involved children with a range of illnesses. The mean age at recruitment ranged from 6.3 years to 13.1 years. Fourteen trials recruited children with RAP, and five trials specifically recruited only those with irritable bowel syndrome. All trials had follow-up of one to five months. The trials were of mixed quality. We found that children treated with probiotics were more likely to have a reduction in pain at the end of the intervention than those given placebo. However, we found that there was no difference in pain between the two groups. We also found that fibre-based diets were not more likely than those with placebo to reduce pain. We were not able to combine the results of the studies for the secondary outcome of school performance, social or psychological functioning, or quality of daily life, as not many studies included these outcomes. We judged the evidence for these two outcomes to be moderate quality. The evidence for pain relief was of low to moderate quality, due to an unclear risk of bias, small numbers of studies, and differences between studies. The results of this review should be interpreted with caution due to the small size of the trials and the small number of children included.
We included 22 studies involving 4490 participants. All were randomised controlled trials (3 were cluster RCTs), and 19 of the studies had analysed outcome data. Seventeen of the 22 studies had student populations. Most of the included studies were at unclear or high risk of bias, which means that their results may be biased. The findings from the five trials with discrimination outcomes (n = 1196) were mixed. There was no clear evidence that mass media interventions had a positive effect. The results from the three trials (394 people) with continuous outcomes showed a small to medium effect in decreasing the level of bias. The 19 trials (3080 people) showed a moderate to large effect in reducing prejudice. The studies were very different, statistically, in their populations, interventions and outcomes, and only two meta-analyses within two subgroups were warranted. Data on secondary outcomes were sparse. Cost data were provided on request for three studies, and did not address cost-effectiveness. Two studies (455 people) contained statements about adverse effects and neither reported finding any. The quality of the evidence was low for the primary outcomes for discrimination and prejudice, low for adverse effects, and very low for costs. Mass media interventions may reduce prejudice, but there is insufficient evidence to determine their effects on discrimination. Very little is known about costs, adverse effects or other outcomes. Our review found few studies in middle- and low-income countries, or with employers or health professionals as the target group, and none targeted at children or adolescents. More research is needed to establish the effects of mass media programs on discrimination, to better understand which types of media interventions work best, to provide evidence about cost-effects, and to fill evidence gaps about types of mass Media not covered in this review. Such research should use robust methods, report data more consistently with reporting guidelines and be less reliant on student populations, and should use a robust approach to measuring outcomes.
We included 85 studies in our synthesis. The studies took place in 41 countries, including eight high-income countries, 18 middle-income and 15 low-income. Forty-six studies explored the views of healthy pregnant or postnatal women, and 17 studies explored their views and experiences. The views of both women and healthcare providers. The evidence is current to September 2015. We found 52 studies that explored the value of antenatal care for healthy pregnancies, and the quality of the care provided by healthcare providers, in rural, urban and semi-urban settings. We grouped the studies into three thematic domains: socio-cultural context (11 findings, five moderate- or high-confidence); service design and provision (17 findings, 15 moderate- and high-quality); and what matters to women and staff (17 results, 11 moderate- to high- confidence). The third domain was sub-divided into two conceptual areas; personalised supportive care, and information and safety. We also developed two lines of argument, using high- or moderate-confidence findings: for women, initial or continued use of ANC depends on a perception that doing so will be a positive experience. This is a result of the provision of good-quality local services that are not dependent on the payment of informal fees and that include continuity of care that is authentically personalised, kind, caring, supportive, culturally sensitive, flexible, and respectful of women’s need for privacy, and that allow staff to take the time needed to provide relevant support, information and clinical safety for the woman and the baby, as and when they need it. For healthcare providers to deliver the kind of high- quality, relationship-based, locally accessible ANC that is likely to facilitate access by women depends on the provision (or not) of sufficient resources and staffing as well as the time to provide flexible personalised appointments that are flexible and not overloaded with organisational tasks. Such provision also depends on organisational norms and values
This review of 16 trials, involving 3361 patients, found that oral nimodipine reduces the risk of poor outcome and secondary ischaemia after SAH. However, the results for 'poor outcome' depend largely on a single large trial of oral namodipines; the evidence for other calcium antagonists is inconclusive. Magnesium sulphate is a promising agent but more evidence is needed before definite conclusions can be drawn. Intravenous administration of calcium antagonists cannot be recommended for routine practice on the basis of the present evidence.
We found three studies including 739 children. All three studies compared myeloablative therapy to conventional chemotherapy or no further treatment. They all used an age of one year as the cut-off point for pre-treatment risk stratification. The first search identified a manuscript reporting additional data for one of these studies. The second update identified an erratum of this study. There was a significant difference in event-free survival between the treatment groups. However, when additional follow-up data were included in the analyses, there was no difference between the groups. The meta-analysis of cancer-related death did not show any clear differences between the two groups. There were no data on quality of life. Data from one study (379 patients) showed a higher risk of renal effects, interstitial pneumonitis and veno-occlusive disease in the treatment group. No information on adverse effects was reported. No definitive conclusions can be made regarding side effects and quality of the life of the patients. A definitive conclusion on the best treatment strategy cannot be made. All studies had some methodological limitations.
We found eight randomised clinical trials (632 participants) comparing TACE followed by 3-DCRT with TACE alone. The mean age of participants ranged from 16 years to 78 years. The proportion of men ranged from 60% to 75% and the proportion of people with stage III liver cancer ranged from 22% to 85%. The average follow-up duration was 12 months. The evidence is current to September 2016. We found that TACE plus 3-dCRT compared with Tace alone may have reduced the risk of death from any cause, and the risk for tumour response (complete response plus partial response). We are uncertain about the effect of TACE on health-related quality of life, as the results of one trial favoured the TACE group. None of the trials reported serious adverse events. The results on non-serious adverse events were as follows: TACE compared with 3- DCRT showed no difference in the results for proportion of participants with leukopenia and serum transaminases elevation. However, the percentage of participants experiencing a higher rise of total bilirubin (a protein in the blood) was higher in the Tace group than in the group receiving TACE only. We are very uncertain about these results because of the small number of participants and the low certainty of the evidence. We rated the certainty of evidence as low to very low. The included trials were at high risk of bias, which means that the results may not be reliable. The quality of evidence was very low to moderate for all outcomes.
No randomised controlled trials were identified. However, two excluded trials provided some insights into the topic. One study showed that infants with CLD/BPD who were fed formula enriched with protein (protein and minerals) had improved growth parameters up until three months of corrected age. The other study showed a different energy density of formula but identical feed volume for both groups. It showed that both groups were unable to achieve the pre-designed feed volumes and that there were no differences in growth outcomes, oedema (swelling), or the diuretic requirements. To date, no trials have been found that directly compare increased versus standard energy intake for preterm infants with (or developing) CLD.
We included 13 studies enrolling 2341 participants (and involving 2360 procedures) in this review. Most of the studies had unclear risk of bias, and the quality of evidence was very low. For the subclavian vein, we found that two-dimensional Doppler ultrasound reduced the risk of accidental puncture (three studies, 498 participants), haematoma formation (three trials), and the need for repeat catheter placement. No evidence was found of a difference in the number of attempts until success (US), or the time to insert the catheter. No data on death or participant-reported outcome were provided. For femoral vein, there were fewer data for analysis. We found that success on the first attempt (on the first try) was more likely to be achieved with two-D ultrasound, and there was a small increase in the success rate. No information was available on the use of catheterization by inexperienced or experienced users, or on patients at high risk for complications. We conclude that two DPI techniques offer small gains in safety and quality when compared with an anatomical landmark technique (two DPI methods) for catheteration of the vein subclvian or femoral.
This review of 15 trials found that physiostigmine given by intravenous infusion, by injection, or by a skin patch did not improve the symptoms of Alzheimer's disease. There were more people withdrawing from the trials due to adverse events (nausea, diarrhoea, anorexia, dizziness, stomach pain, and flatulence) and at least one event of nausea, vomiting, or abdominal cramps. There was no difference in numbers of people who improved with the physiostagmine (higher and lower dose) and with placebo (a dummy drug) for the numbers of patients who improved. The best dose (mean 33 mg/day) of physostgmine given to people with Alzheimer’s was associated with a higher number of patients withdrawing from a 12 week trial due to side effects. The lower dose (5.7mg/day), delivered to a group of people with mild Alzheimer's with a control of the disease, was also associated with more people suffering side effects, but these were not serious. The results from two of the four studies of the controlled-placebo form of the drug did not show any benefit. The single dose (delivering 12 mg/a) was linked to more side effects (vomiting, nausea, stomach cramps, and abdominal cramping). There was also no difference between the higher and the lower dose of the medicine (higher dose) for numbers that improved. In conclusion, the evidence for the use of physstigmine for the symptomically for the treatment of Alzheimer‘s disease is limited. Even in a control-release form, which has a short half-life, the drug does not show convincing benefit and side effects are common.
We included 13 trials involving a total of 16,112 participants. Eleven trials recruited participants with a history of heart disease, two trials recruited people with a stroke, and one trial recruited people who had a mix of people with CVD. We found that fibrates can prevent stroke, heart attack, and vascular death. However, we found that the effect of fibrate drugs on the risk of stroke is uncertain due to the lack of data. We also found that there was no increase in side effects. We judged overall risk of bias to be moderate. The evidence is current to January 2018. The review authors recommend that further trials of the use of fibrates in populations with previous stroke and also against a background treatment with statins (standard of care) are required.
The review of trials found that giving TA (in addition to uterotonic medications) to healthy women at low risk of excessive bleeding during elective CS (nine trials, 2453 participants) or spontaneous birth (three trials, 832 women) decreases blood loss and prevents PPH and blood transfusions following vaginal birth and CS in women who are not pregnant. There is no evidence about the effect of TA on the number of women who have a blood clot in the legs (thromboembolic events) or death. There was no evidence that TA reduced the risk of PPH or increased the risk for women who had CS, but there was an increase in the risk that women had minor side effects. The quality of evidence was moderate for blood loss, and low for PPH. The evidence is up to date as of April 2015.
We identified 12 studies (2494 participants: 1586 children and 908 elderly) comparing amantadine with paracetamol (one trial: 69 children) or zanamivir (two trials: 545 elderly) to treat flu A. The evidence is up-to-date as of September 2014. The studies were conducted in China, India, Japan, South Korea, Turkey, the United States and the United Kingdom. The mean age of participants was between 65 and 77 years. The duration of the studies ranged from one to three weeks. The main outcomes were the number of people who developed influenza A, the number who developed flu on the first day of treatment, the duration of treatment and adverse effects. We found no studies assessing the effect of the drug on the elderly. The quality of the evidence was low and the safety of the drugs was not well established. We do not have enough information about the safety and effectiveness of the two drugs in preventing influenza A in children and elderly.
We included nine studies in this review, which included a total of 1512 women. Most of these studies included women with unexplained infertility. In seven studies women were undergoing IUI, and in two studies the women were trying to conceive via sexual intercourse. Eight trials compared endometrial injury with no injury/placebo procedure; of these two trials, one trial also compared the timing of the endometriectomy with the timing (before and after) of the IUI cycle. The evidence is current to May 2015. We are uncertain whether endometrium injury improves live birth/ongoing pregnancy as the quality of the evidence has been assessed as very low. The quality of evidence was downgraded because of the risk of bias in the included studies and because the included trials were small and at a high risk of systematic error. The average pain experienced by participants undergoing endometric injury was 6/10 on a zero-10 visual analogue scale (VAS). However, only one study reported this outcome. No studies reported bleeding secondary to the procedure. When we compared hysteroscopy (a method of examining the uterus using a camera to look inside the womb) with endometria injury alone, there was no evidence of a difference in ongoing pregnancy rate or clinical pregnancy rate. This study did not report the primary outcome of pain during the procedure, but did report on the number of women reporting pain during and after the procedure (pain during the IUD). When endometral injury was performed in the cycle prior to IUI compared to the same cycle as the IU, there were no evidence that there was a difference between the two groups of women in terms of ongoing pregnancy rates or clinical pregnancies. Neither of the two studies reported on pain during or after the IUCI procedure. In all three comparisons there was not evidence of an effect on miscarriage, ectopic pregnancy or multiple pregnancy. It is uncertain whether there is an effect of endometry injury on the probability of pregnancy
We included four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 3905 participants. The studies all evaluated one comparison: professional oral care versus usual oral care. We did not pool the results from one study (N = 834) due to lack of a clear difference between groups. The evidence is current to August 2018. We were not able to determine whether professional care resulted in a lower incidence rate of pneumonia-associated mortality compared with usual oral treatment over an 18-month period (low-quality evidence). We were also unable to determine the number of first episodes of pneumonia when compared to usual care over a 24-month follow-up period (one study, 366 participants analysed). There was low quality evidence from two studies (507 participants analysed) that professional oral treatment may reduce the risk of death due to pneumonia compared with care given by nurses or dentists. We found no evidence that professional care reduced the number or number of deaths due to any cause compared to care by nurses, dentists or oral surgeons. We are uncertain whether or not professional care may reduce all-cause mortality compared to treatment by nurses and dentists when measured 24 months after the end of the study. Only one study measured adverse effects of the interventions. The study identified no serious events and 64 non-serious events, the most common of which were oral cavity disturbances (not defined) and dental staining. No studies evaluated oral care compared to no oral care (where there was no treatment). The evidence was of low-quality. The quality of the evidence was downgraded because of the small number of participants in the studies, the studies were at high risk of bias, and the small numbers of participants.
This review included five studies with a total of 149 participants. These studies assessed bismuth subsalicylate versus placebo, budesonide versus placebo (dummy treatment), mesalazine with or without cholestyramine (an antifungal drug) versus beclometasone and beclometrica dipropionate (an anti-cancer drug) plus mesalamide (an antidepressant drug) compared with placebo. The studies were judged to be at high risk of bias due to lack of blinding. Budesonide (9 mg/day for 6 to 8 weeks) was found to be more effective than placebo for induction of clinical and histological response. This benefit needs to be confirmed by a large placebo -controlled trial. The study which assessed mesalazines versus mesalanes plus cholestramine and the study which evaluated beclometryasone dipropate versus mesalesalazine were also judged to have high risk bias. No adverse events were reported in the bussel subsalcytic colitis study. The budesonides were found to induce clinical response in 88% of patients compared to 38% of placebo patients. The results of this review suggest that budesonid may be effective for the treatment of active lymphocytic coliti. However, this benefit needs be confirmed in large placebo-controlled studies. The review also suggests that mesalamines with or with cholestationramine may be an effective treatment for active lymphocytes in lymphocysis. However this needs to confirm in large, placebo- controlled studies. No conclusions can be made regarding bismuther subsalcylate due to the very small number of patients in the study, Further trials studying interventions for lymphocytics colitis are warranted.
We included 12 randomised controlled trials with 3259 participants in this review. Nine trials compared self-monitoring of blood glucose with no monitoring, one trial compared SMBG with SMUG, one study compared SMUG with SMBG alone, and one was a three-armed trial. The intervention duration ranged from 6 months (26 weeks) to 12 months (52 weeks). The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. We found that when diabetes duration is over one year, the overall effect on glycaemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes who are not using insulin is small up to six months after initiation and subsides after 12 months. There were few data on the effects on other outcomes and these effects were not statistically significant. None of the studies reported data on morbidity. There is no evidence that self-watchful monitoring affects patient satisfaction, general well-being or general health-related quality of life. More research is needed to explore the psychological impact of SMBG and its impact on diabetes-specific quality oflife and well being, as well as the impact of self-smart monitoring on hypoglycaemia and diabetic complications.
This review examined the effectiveness of interventions for adults with AsPD. Eleven studies were included in the review, but data from only five of these studies were available. These studies involved 276 participants. Eleven different interventions were examined. Each of these interventions had been originally developed for substance misuse problems. Only two of the studies reported on aggression. Three interventions (contingency management plus standard maintenance; cognitive behaviour therapy (CBT) plus standard treatment; and the 'Driving Whilst Intoxicated program') appeared to be effective, in terms of improving at least one outcome in at least three studies. Significant improvements were mainly confined to outcomes related to substance misuse. No study reported significant change in any specific antisocial behaviour. Disappointingly few of the included studies addressed the primary outcomes defined in this review (aggression, reconviction, global functioning, social functioning, adverse effects). Results suggest that there is insufficient trial evidence to justify using any psychological intervention for people with AsPD. Further research is urgently needed for this prevalent and costly condition. This plain language summary was adapted by the review authors from a summary originally written by Ben Gray, Senior Peer Researcher, McPin Foundation (http://mcpin.org/).
This updated review included 11 studies. Six studies contributed to one or more analyses related to the common cold, with up to 1047 people. Five studies contributed data on purulent rhinitis, with 791 people. There was no evidence of benefit from antibiotics for the commoncold or for persisting purulent rinitis in children or adults. There were significant adverse effects in adults when given for both common colds and in all ages when given antibiotics. Routine use of antibiotics for these conditions is not recommended.
We included five randomised controlled trials (involving 162 participants) that compared antibiotics (penicillin, ersocinol, rifampicin, and rifamethasone) with no treatment, placebo (a pretend treatment), or no treatment. Three of the five trials were carried out in a hospital dermatology department. One trial was funded by a pharmaceutical company. The trials were conducted in a total of 162 people. The average age of the participants was 12 to 77 years, and most were younger than 15 years. The mean PASI score ranged from 5.7 (i.e. mild) to 23.7 points in four studies. Twenty-three of 162 participants had a streptococcus-positive throat swab culture. The duration of the trials ranged from 14 days to 48 weeks. One study assessed penicillin (50,000 international units (IU)/kg/day in three doses) versus erythromycin (250 mg four times per day) versus no treatment (treatment for 14 days, with six-week follow-up from start of treatment). The other three studies assessed rifampsicin (300 mg twice daily) versus placebo (14-day treatment duration; six-weeks follow- up from start). None of the included trials measured our primary outcome, time to resolution of the disease, or the secondary outcome, risk of having at least one relapse at long-term follow-ups. None of these trials measured the proportion of participants achieving PASIs. One of the studies assessed long-lasting azithromycin treatment (500 mg daily dose) versus vitamin C. The proportion of people achieving clear or almost clear skin was not measured. One small trial assessed rafampicine (300mg twice daily), rifamycin, rafamethase, and vitamin C versus placebo. The number of people with clear or clear skin and the proportion achieving clear
We found 12 randomised trials involving 933 participants with MS. Eleven trials tested the effect of vitamin D₃, and one trial tested vitamin D ₂. Four trials compared vitamin D with placebo, and the other two trials compared the effects of the vitamin D to placebo. Vitamin D appears to have no effect on the risk of relapse, worsening of function, and MRI lesions. Effects on health-related quality of life, fatigue, and side effects are unclear. The trials did not report on the number of participants who had relapse, number of people who had to be treated for relapse, or cognitive function. The evidence is up to date as of April 2018. Vitamin D appears to be safe, although available data are limited. Seven ongoing studies will likely provide further evidence that can be included in a future update of this review. The quality of the evidence was very low, meaning that the true effect may be substantially different from what we found.
We searched for evidence from clinical trials comparing morphine for cancer pain in adults. We found 62 studies, with 4241 participants. Thirty-six studies used a cross-over design, which means that participants were divided into two or more groups. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, Sweden, Switzerland, United Kingdom, United States and United States of America. The evidence is current to September 2015. The review shows that morphine is an effective pain medicine for cancer patients. The effectiveness of morphine has stood the test of time, but the randomised trial literature for morphine is small given the importance of this medicine. Most trials recruited fewer than 100 participants and did not provide appropriate data for meta-analysis. Only a few reported how many people had good pain relief, but where it was reported, over 90% had no worse than mild pain within a reasonably short time period. Morphine is effective for pain relief in people with cancer. The quality of the evidence is generally poor. Studies are old, often small, and were largely carried out for registration purposes and therefore were only designed to show equivalence between different formulations. The conclusions have not changed for this update.
We included 14 trials with a total of 1260 participants. The age of participants ranged from 16 to 88 years; and the majority of participants were women. The average duration of symptoms ranged from three to 15 months. The follow-up after the procedure ranged from eight weeks to 23 months. Most of the studies were conducted in the USA, and most of the participants were female. The evidence is current to January 2015. The studies compared open surgery versus steroid injections (two studies); percutaneous surgery versus open surgery (five studies); open surgery plus steroid injection versus steroid injection (one study); and endoscopic surgery compared with open surgery. We are uncertain whether open surgery is more effective than steroid injections in improving the resolution of trigger finger symptoms. We also are uncertain if open surgery increases the risk of recurrence of symptoms or increases the number of adverse events (such as infection, tendon injury, flare, cutaneous discomfort and fat necrosis). We are also uncertain whether steroid injection is more painful than open surgery, because it is more invasive. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all comparisons because of study design flaws, inconsistency and imprecision.
This review of three randomised trials, with a total of 931 participants, found that PCV, either before or after RT, appears to improve overall survival (OS) of participants with AO or AOA. However, the use of PCV was associated with significant grade 3 and 4 toxicities, and whether temozolomide can be substitute for this is unclear. In conclusion, PCV is a promising treatment for AO and AOA, but further research is needed.
We included five trials with a total of 240 children aged one to 18 years with mild to moderate oedema. All trials were conducted in specialised sleep medicine clinics at tertiary care centres. Follow-up time ranged from six weeks to four months. Three trials (n = 137) compared intranasal corticosteroids (a type of steroid) against placebo; two trials (in total 103 children) compared oral montelukast (an inhaled steroid). We excluded one trial from the review because the patients were not included in the analyses. We are uncertain whether the difference in AHI (a measure of oxygenation in the blood) is different when children are treated with intran asalic steroids (two studies, 75 children) or with placebo. We also had concerns about the selective reporting of one trial. In addition, we are uncertain about whether the secondary outcomes (such as desaturation index (the amount of oxygen in a child's blood) and the level of oxygen saturation (which is a measure of how much oxygen the child has) are different between the two groups. We have moderate certainty for the effect of intranaic steroids on AHI, respiratory arousal index (a measurement of how awake the child is during sleep), and nadir oxygen saturation in children with mild or moderate OSA. The certainty of the evidence for the effects of oral montelaukast on AHIs was moderate. We had moderate certainty about the effect on respiratory arousal and respiratory arousals in children who were not obese. We were uncertain about the effects on desaturation and oxygen saturation. We found moderate certainty that oral monteloukast has short-term beneficial treatment effects for OSA in otherwise healthy, non-obese, surgically untreated children by significantly reducing the number of apnoeas, sleepiness, and respiratory awakenings during sleep. The clinical relevance of the observed treatment effects remains unclear, however, because minimal clinically important differences
We included six studies in this review. Five studies investigated the prevention of VTE in children with CVCs. Three studies investigated systemic treatments (low molecular weight heparin, antithrombin, warfarin, and cryoprecipes). One study compared one systemic treatment with another. One study evaluated the addition of LMWH (low-dose warfarine) to AT supplementation. The other study compared AT supplementation with AT supplementation and LMWH to AT. We found no evidence that systemic treatments prevented VTE compared with no intervention. We also found no significant effects of systemic treatments on bleeding complications. None of the studies reported major and/or minor bleeding, and we found no differences in adverse events (such as blood clots, death as a result of blood clotting, removal of CVC due to VTE, CVC-related infection, and post-thrombotic syndrome (PTS)) between experimental and control groups. The quality of the evidence was low. This could be due to the small number of children included in the studies, which resulted in low power. We are not able to make any recommendations for the use of systemic treatment in the prevention or treatment of symptomatic VTE. Additional well-designed international RCTs are needed. Future studies should aim for adequate power with reasonable sample sizes.
This review identified three trials with a total of 287 participants who had either CSFD or no CSFD. The first trial of 98 participants found that CSFD reduced the risk of postoperative neurological deficit in the legs by 80% in the control group. The second trial of 33 participants showed that CSFSD reduced the rate of postoperatively-related neurological deficit by 33%. The third trial of 145 participants found TAAA repair by CSFD to be performed on 145 participants. Paraplegia or paraparesis occurred in 9 of 74 participants (12.2%) receiving CSFD and 2 of 82 participants (2.7%) receiving no CSFSF. There were no significant differences between CSFD-only and CSFD alone in preventing ischaemic injury to the spinal cord. There is limited data supporting the role of CSFD in thoracic and thoracoabdominal aneurysm surgery for prevention of neurological injury. Further clinical and experimental studies are indicated.
We included 13 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 662 participants. The evidence is current to August 2015. We included studies that compared NB-UVB with either oral PUVA or topical PUVA for the treatment of people with CPP or GP. We also included studies comparing NB- UVB with other treatments for CPP, such as topical PUVAs, oral PUVAS, and bath PUVA. We found that the clearance rate between oral and topical PUVs was inconsistent among the included studies. In one RCT of NBUVB, the difference in PASI 75 was not statistically significant (low quality). In three other RCTs of CPP the clearance rates were inconsistent because in one, there was no difference between the groups, and in the other two, the clearance was statistically significantly in favour of oral PUVs. Pooled data from these three studies indicated that withdrawals due to side-effects were not significantly different between either group. The difference in clearance rate for people with PPP between people treated with NBUVBs and those treated with bath PUVas was also inconsistent. In participants with CP, one RTC found there were no significant differences between the NBUVBS treated sides and the PUVA treated sides in terms of clearance rate. In people with GP, one trial found no significant difference between NBUVAs treated with either topical or oral PUVS for the clearing of PPP. In the comparison of NB-VUBS with PUVA, the evidence was inconsistent because of the small number of participants and the small numbers of participants in the studies. The quality of the evidence for the comparison between NB-UBO and bath and NB-VA was low. The review authors concluded that NBUVBA is not effective for the management of CPsoriasis. In practice, NBUVAB may be more convenient to use since exogenous photosensitiser is not required before phototherapy. NB
This review found that biofeedback and electrical stimulation may be more effective than exercises alone. There was not enough evidence as to whether there was a difference in outcome for any method. There is some evidence that rectal volume discrimination training may be better than sham training. There were no clear differences in the number of people who were able to reach full continence, but more research is needed to be certain.
This review aimed to compare the benefits and harms of using a catheter for urinary surgery. Thirty nine randomised trials were included in the review. They were generally small and of poor quality. They reported data on only a few outcomes. In six trials, more people needed to be re-catheted if a urethral catheter was not used after surgery. In 11 trials, the seven trials with data suggest that fewer people had urinary tract infections when a catheters were removed earlier. In one small trial, the use of a clamp-and-release policy before catheter removal before surgery increased the risk of infection. In a single trial, there was a greater risk of urinary tract problems when a clamp was used. The review found no clear evidence of any difference in the number of people who needed to have a recatheterised catheter.
This review included 10 studies with a total of 3340 participants. Seven studies compared aripiprazole monotherapy versus placebo (2239 participants); two of these included a third comparison arm—one study used lithium (485 participants) and the other used haloperidol (480 participants). Two studies compared the addition of aririprazole to valproate or lithium versus placebo as an adjunctive treatment (754 participants), and one study compared the use of haloperidine versus haloperideol (347 participants). The overall risk of bias was unclear. A high dropout rate from most trials (> 20% for each intervention in eight of the trials) may have affected the estimates of relative efficacy. Evidence shows that ariroprazole was more effective than placebo in reducing manic symptoms in adults and children/adolescents at three and four weeks but not at six weeks (moderate quality evidence). Ariropazole caused more movement disorders (high quality evidence), with more people requiring treatment with anticholinergic medication (high-quality evidence). Compared with placebo, arioprazole caused gastrointestinal disturbances (nausea, constipation) and movement disorders in more people (high high quality evidence) and caused more children/adsolescents to have a prolactin level that fell below the lower limit of normal (low quality of evidence). No significant differences between ariprotrazole and other medicines were noted at three weeks or at any other time point up to and including 12 weeks. Aripipazole was compared with other medicines in three studies in adults—lithium was used in one study and haloperacid in two studies. At the three-week time point, meta-analysis was not possible because of lack of data; however, at 12 weeks, haloperodol resulted in significantly more movement disorder symptoms than aripipsole, as measured on the Simpson Angus Scale (SAS), the Barnes Akath
We found three studies that evaluated the effect of antibiotic or other lock treatments on the treatment of CVC-related infections. Two studies compared urokinase lock treatment with concomitant antibiotics (56 participants) with systemic antibiotics alone (48 participants) and one study compared ethanol lock (15 participants). No randomised controlled trials were found on the use of antibiotics alone. No adverse events were reported in the cohort studies; some studies showed CVCs malfunctioning. The cohort studies found no adverse events, but some studies reported malfunctioning CVC. We found no evidence of any significant difference between ureter lock treatments and systemic antibiotics in the number of people cured, number of recurrent CVC infections, the time to the first negative blood culture, the need for the CVC to be removed, the ICU admission and sepsis. However, this could be due to low power or a too-short follow- up. No RCTs or CCTs were published on antibiotic lock treatment alone. More well-designed randomised trials are needed.
This review looked at the effectiveness of interventions to help people with whiplash-related pain, such as advice on how to use their hands to move, advice on stress-coping skills, workplace ergonomics and self-care strategies. Three TPE themes emerged. Advice to activate: There was moderate-quality evidence (one trial, 348 people) that a video of advice to activate was more beneficial for acute whiplASH-related neck pain than no treatment. There was low quality evidence that an educational video (one study, 102 people) was less effective for pain relief, or no different in helping people to function, than generic information given out in emergency care. Advice focusing on pain & stress coping: There is low- to very low- quality evidence (three trials, 243 people) for advice on pain-related coping skills, and for advice to use self care strategies. Self-care strategy: There were no clear benefits or harms of self-help strategies for people with acute to chronic pain. Advice on stress and workplace ergonomic skills: There are few studies that have looked at this topic. There is no clear benefit or harm for this type of advice. Self care strategies: One small trial (58 people) found that self care strategy did not relieve pain. The quality of the evidence was very low for all outcomes. With the exception of one small trial, this review has not shown effectiveness for educational interventions. Future research should be founded on sound theory and learning skill acquisition.
This Cochrane review aimed to assess the effectiveness of interventions to notify people at risk, and to support them subsequently, or to find the best way to communicate with them. No studies were found to include in this review. In total, 49 studies and pieces of literature were included. These studies and papers were from the same population, intervention and outcome criteria as the Cochrane, but were also from the broader literature. The results of this review are based on a thematic synthesis. The thematic syntheses of these studies suggest that communication may be considered as a multi-phase programme, ensuring that all components of communication are coordinated; that communication is tailored to the individual; and that efforts to support individual risk communication, such as widespread education, monitoring of access to health care for those at risk; are in place. It is also clear that poor communication practices may have negative impacts or harm. There is not enough evidence to determine the best approach to communication in these situations.
We found one randomised clinical trial (N = 304 randomised; 204 completed, 276 analysed) that compared opioids (prolonged-release oxycodone/naloxone) with placebo. After 12 weeks, RLS symptoms had improved more in the drug group than in the placebo. More patients in the group were able to stop taking the drugs and were treated with additional drugs. Quality of life scores also improved more with opioids than with placebo, and quality of sleep was improved. The major side effects of the drugs were stomach upsets, fatigue, and headache. The quality of the evidence was low. The evidence is up to date as of February 2015.
This review of 15 trials, involving 1022 adults with distal radial fractures, found that external fixation maintained reduced redisplacement of the fracture and prevented late collapse and malunion compared with plaster cast immobilisation. There was insufficient evidence to confirm a superior overall functional or clinical result for the external fixation group. External fixation was associated with a high number of complications, such as pin-track infection, but many of these were minor. Probably, some complications could have been avoided using a different surgical technique for pin insertion.
We found five randomised controlled trials (1127 participants) that compared early removal of the stent with late removal. These studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada and Australia. The evidence is current to May 2014. The review found that early removal (before the stents are removed) of the ureteric stents may reduce the incidence of UTI, but it is uncertain if there is a higher risk of MUC. This may be achieved by using a stent inserted into the urethra (biological stent) rather than an external stent (PU stent). There was no difference between the early and late removal of stents in terms of the number of UTIs. The quality of the included studies was generally low or unclear. Data on health economics and quality of life outcomes were lacking.
We included five studies that evaluated three comparisons. Four studies compared crowns with fillings; two of them compared conventional PMCs with open sandwich restorations, and two compared PMCs (fitted using the Hall Technique) with non-restorative caries treatment. One of these studies included a third arm, which allowed us to compare PMCs fitted with the Hall technique (fitted with the conventional method) versus non-stainless steel crown. In the other two studies, all teeth had undergone a pulpotomy (removal of the teeth) prior to the crown being placed. The final study compared two types of crowns: PMCs fitting with a stainless steel crown versus a white tooth veneer. We found that crowns fitted with a Hall technique may reduce the risk of major failure, pain, and discomfort in the long term. There was moderate quality evidence to suggest that crowning with a conventional method may reduce pain and major failure in the short term compared to fillings. It is unclear whether there is a difference in gingival bleeds between the two groups. The quality of the evidence was very low. There are no studies comparing crowns fitting with the standard Hall technique versus crowns fit using a different method. We are uncertain about the results. There were no RCTs comparing different methods for fitting preformed metal crown. There is no evidence to support or refute the use of PMCs to treat tooth decay. The evidence is up to date as of April 2014.
This review included 28 studies involving 788 people with cystic fibrosis. The studies compared PEP to ACBT, autogenic ventilation (AD), oral oscillating PEP, chest wall wall oscillation (HFCWO), BiPaP (BiPa), exercise and breathing exercises. Most of the 28 studies were cross-over in design. In 22 of the studies, PEP was performed using a mask. In three studies a mouthpiece (nose clips) was used, but in three studies it was unclear if a mask or mouthpiece was used. The results of the review showed that PEP reduced the number of lung attacks when compared to other methods of lung clearance. There was no difference in effect between PEP and other methods. However, the results of long-term studies were mixed. People who used PEP for at least one year were less likely to have a lung attack (low- to moderate-certainty evidence). In one of these studies, people using PEP with a mask were more likely than people using HFCWOs to have one lung attack. People using PP preferred to use PEP over other methods for at at least at least a year. There were no differences in the number or severity of side effects between the groups. In one study, people who used a PEP device with a mouth piece reported that there was no different number of side events. In a study where infants performing either PEP or PDPV experienced some gastro-oesophageal reflux (a condition in which leads to a liquid in the stomach) this was more severe in the PDPPEP group (low quality evidence). There was limited evidence on side effects. In the one study comparing PEP versus HFCwO, there was little or no difference between the two groups in terms of number of adverse events; however, those in the HFC WO group had fewer side effects related to the lower airways when
This review included four studies involving 1485 participants with Crohn's disease. All participants were adults over 18 years of age. All studies included active CD patients with CDAI ranging from 220 to 450. Most of the participants were men and women. One study was identified as high risk of bias due to a non-identical placebo (a fake drug) and the other studies were judged to be at low risk. CZP was shown to be superior to placebo for the treatment of active CD. The results of this review suggest that CZPs are effective for induction of clinical remission and clinical response in participants with active Crohn’s disease. The quality of the evidence was moderate for achieving clinical remission at week 8 and for clinical response at week eight. In summary, the results of the present review indicate that CzP is effective for inducing remission and achieving clinical response. The risk of serious adverse events was similar between CZp and placebo as the 95% confidence interval (CI) includes the possibility of a small decrease or doubling of events. Serious adverse events included worsening Crohn't disease, infections, and malignancy.
We searched scientific databases for clinical trials of drugs to treat heart failure. We included studies in adults with CKD. We found 112 studies, of which 15 were studies of adults with chronic heart failure, 16 were studies conducted in the community, but provided data for people with chronic CKD only. The remaining 81 studies included people with acute CKD, but data for this subgroup were not provided. The evidence is up to date as of January 2018. We identified 26 studies (19,612 participants) that reported data on at least one outcome of interest for our review. We combined the results of these studies and found that the effects of drugs for heart failure in people with CKDP are uncertain. In acute heart failure the effects on death, hospitalisations, worsening heart failure or kidney function, and quality of life were uncertain. The effects of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors (ACEi) or angiotenin receptor blockers (ARB) on death (any cause) were uncertain, and the effects were uncertain in chronic heart fail. The effect of angioplasty, aldosterone antagonists, and vasopressin receptor antagonists on death were uncertain and the risk of hyperkalaemia was uncertain. We were unable to estimate whether treatment with sinus node inhibitors affects the risk for people having high blood potassium levels, as there were few studies and meta-analysis was not possible. Hyperkalaemic events were not reported for the CKD subgroup in studies investigating other therapies. The risk of death was reduced with beta-blockers, and treatment with beta blockers may reduce hospitalisation for heart fail, as treatment estimates were consistent with either benefit or harm. Treatment with ACEi or ARB had uncertain effects on hospitalisation. The risks of high potassium levels were uncertain due to the lack of data. We did not find evidence that treatment with ald testosterone antagonists increased the risk or decreased the risk that people would need to be admitted to hospital.
This review identified three studies involving a total of 1945 women. The trials were of moderate quality. No serious complications were reported in the trials and no babies died. There was no difference between the two methods of tocodynamometry for any of the outcomes for the mother, baby or both. The risk of the baby having a high blood pressure (hypotension) was not different between groups. There were no differences in the risk of instrumental delivery (including caesarean section and ventouse and forceps extraction) for either group. The babies' Apgar score (a test of lung and heart rate) was similar in the two groups. The neonatal outcome was not statistically different between the groups. Hyperstimulation (stimulation) was reported in two studies (n = 489), but there was no significant difference. This review found no differences between the methods of monitoring (internal or external) for the outcomes of the mother or her baby. There is not enough evidence to recommend the use of one form of monitoring for induction or augmentation of labour over another. Further research is needed.
We included two trials involving 54 participants with chronic venous disease. Both trials compared exercise with a control group. One trial reported no difference between the exercise and control groups and the second trial reported a reduction in the symptoms of CVI. In one study, the exercise group had a higher change in ejection fraction (a measure of muscle strength), half venous refilling time (the time taken for the blood to reach the leg) and total venous filling (time taken to fill the vein) than the control group, but we were not able to pool the data. One of the two studies reported no effect of exercise on the quality of life or ankle range of motion. In the second study, muscle strength at slow speed was not different from the control arm. The number of people with CVI who developed leg ulcers or had surgery to treat symptoms was not reported in the included trials. We rated both included studies as being at high risk of bias. We were unable to assess the indirectness of the studies due to small number of studies and small sample size. The quality of the evidence for all outcomes was very low. The evidence is up to date as of September 2014.
This review of 76 randomised controlled trials found that viscosupplementation is an effective treatment for OA of the knee with beneficial effects: on pain, function and patient global assessment; and at different post injection periods but especially at the 5 to 13 week post injection period. Of note is that the magnitude of the clinical effect, as expressed by the WMD and standardised mean difference (SMD) from the RevMan 4.2 output, is different for different products, comparisons, timepoints, variables and trial designs. In general, the analyses performed are positive for the HA class and particularly positive for some products with respect to certain variables and timepoints (pain on weight bearing, pain on the knee and global assessment) such as pain at 5 to 12 weeks post injection. In other analyses HA products had more prolonged effects than IA corticosteroids. The results of this review should be interpreted with caution as there are few randomised head-to-head comparisons of different products and readers should be cautious, therefore, in drawing conclusions regarding the relative value of different HA products.
This review included 10 randomised trials with a total of 4052 women. Four trials (1881 women) compared misoprostol with placebo (a pretend drug) given in addition to uterotonics. The trials did not show any additional benefit for our primary outcome measures. Adjunctive use of the drug (in the dose of 600 to 1000 mcg) with simultaneous use of additional uterotonic drugs did not provide any added benefit for the outcomes we were interested. The review found that women who received oxytocin infusion were more likely to have blood loss of at least 1000 mL, and women who had oxytocine given to them were less likely to be sick. The use of a dummy drug (misoprosto) was associated with an increase in side effects, such as nausea and vomiting. Two trials attempted to test the effects of estrogen (a hormone), but were too small for any meaningful comparisons. The role of the hormone, tranexamic acid, and the use of lower segment compression was not evaluated. We did not find any trials that compared surgical techniques or radiological treatments for women with primary PPH who were not responding to uterotonics and/or haemostatics.
This review found six trials that evaluated short-term supplementation of cysteine-containing PN in preterm infants. Five small trials evaluated the use of short, short-lived (less than two weeks) cysteines to supplement cystein-free PN. One large trial evaluated the long-term use of N-acetylcysteine supplementation in extremely low birth weight infants (1000 grams or less). The majority of patients in these trials were preterm. The review of trials found that routine supplementation of PN with cysteins improves nitrogen balance. However, there is not enough evidence to assess the risks of this intervention, especially regarding metabolic acidosis, which has been reported during the first two weeks of cyteine chloride administration.
We found 77 randomised clinical trials including 6287 participants. Forty-one trials provided information for one or more outcomes. Thirty-five trials included only participants with NAFLD including those with steatohepatitis (NASH). Twenty-six trials were partially- or fully-funded by drug companies that would benefit, based on the results of the trial. Twelve of the trials did not receive any additional funding. The source was not provided in 39 trials. The follow-up in the trials ranged from one month to 24 months. We found no evidence of any difference in the number of people who died, developed serious adverse events, or had serious side effects between people who received bile acids and those who did not. None of the studies reported health-related quality of life. The evidence is up to date as of March 2018. We are very uncertain about the effectiveness of pharmacological treatments for people with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) including those who have steatohetitis (a disease caused by inflammation of the liver). We are uncertain whether any of the treatments are effective. We do not know if any of these treatments are safe or not. The quality of the evidence was very low. The main reasons for this were the small number of trials and participants, and the small numbers of participants in each trial. We recommend that further well-designed randomised trials with sufficiently large sample sizes are conducted to answer this question. This plain language summary has been written by a consumer Ben Gray, Senior Peer Researcher, McPin Foundation. http://mcpin.org/
We included 15 studies in this review, of which 1172 had analysed data. We found that CSF testing of t-tau, p-t Tau and p- tau/ABeta ratio were more accurate than other tests for dementia, but we are not sure whether they are useful for dementia. The accuracy of CSF tests for ‘ other dementias’ had not been investigated. The studies were small and of poor quality. We were not able to assess the effect of these tests on the risk of dementia, as planned, due to the small number of studies that we found. We also found that the studies were too different from each other in terms of the way they were carried out, which may have led to bias in the results. We are uncertain about the value of CSFs for dementia in current clinical care. We suggest that further research is needed in this area.
We included three studies involving 170 participants. All included participants were male and were undergoing robotic radical prostatectomies. The men were between 50 and 75 years of age and met criteria for the AASA physical classification scores (ASA), which are used to assess a patient's physical condition. We found one ongoing trial. We included three single-centre, two-arm studies. The evidence is current to September 2015. We did not find any studies that compared the two types of anaesthetics. We identified three studies that were of low to very low quality. We could not combine the results of the studies because they were all small, single-Centre studies. We are uncertain whether one anaesthetic technique is better than the other for transabdominal robotic assisted surgery in urology, gynaecology and gastroenterology. The quality of evidence was low to moderate. The studies were small and provided unclear descriptions of methods. We do not know whether one type of anaesthetic is superior to the other in terms of reducing postoperative nausea and vomiting, reducing the risk of eye problems, reducing eye pressure and improving quality of life. We also found no studies that addressed the secondary outcomes of adverse effects, all-cause mortality, respiratory or circulatory complications, cognitive dysfunction, length of stay or costs.
We included 14 studies in this review, with 1,601,515 women. The evidence is current to September 2016. Most studies found no evidence that maternal exposure to topical corticosteroids of any potency had any effect on pregnancy outcomes. The review authors found no clear evidence that the use of topical cortics of any potency had any influence on the outcomes of the baby. The studies included in this update were of low quality. The results from three of the individual studies in the meta-analysis indicated an increased risk of low birth weight in women who received potent to very potent topical cortes. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. We found no association between maternal use of steroid medication and adverse pregnancy outcomes, including the number of babies that died during or shortly after birth, or the baby's Apgar score (a measure of a baby's well-being). The evidence was of very low quality because of imprecision in low birth birth weight and inconsistency in the results of the studies. We rated the quality of evidence as low or low because of the small number of studies and the small numbers of women included in the studies, as well as differences between studies.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the treatment of keratitis with corticosteroids or no treatment. The total number of participants in the trials was 611. The trials were from the USA, Canada, India, and South Africa. All four trials were conducted in the USA. One of the three smaller trials was from the largest study, the Steroids for Corneal Ulcers Trial. The other three trials were pilot studies. All trials were funded by the manufacturer of the drug. The review found that there was not enough evidence to show that the use of steroids to treat the disease improves vision or reduces the size of the scar. There was no difference in the time taken for the scar to heal or in the number of adverse events. One trial reported that more patients in the control group developed eye pressure (intraocular pressure). One trial measured quality of life and concluded that the treatment did not improve it. We did not find any reports on the cost of treatment. There is inadequate evidence as to whether steroids are effective and safe in the treatment and prevention of eye problems among people with bacterial keratinitis.
We included four trials with 450 participants in this review. The evidence is current to August 2015. We found no evidence from these trials that percutaneous vascular interventions are superior to intravenous thrombolytic treatment with respect to functional outcome. The quality of the evidence was low. We considered the quality of evidence to be low because of the small number of participants in the trials and the fact that participants were aware of the treatment they were receiving. We did not find any evidence that intravenous blood clotting therapy was superior to percutaneously administered blood clot-dissolving drugs. We also found no difference in the proportion of participants with symptomatic intracranial haemorrhages between the intervention and control groups. The overall quality of information was low because the participants and the treating physician knew which treatment group the participants had been allocated to, and because the outcome assessment was not blinded to the treating physicians or participants. New trials with adequate sample sizes are warranted because of a rapid development of new techniques and devices for such interventions.
We searched for evidence from randomised controlled trials that compared centre-based day care with no treatment (care at home) or with other forms of day care. We found one trial that compared day care for children younger than five years of age and their parents in high-income countries. The trial, which included 120 families and 143 children, did not provide clear evidence that centre- based day care improved or worsened children's cognitive ability (Griffiths Mental Development Scale, very low quality evidence), psychosocial development (child developmental score, very poor quality evidence) or employment (mother hours per week in paid employment or household income above £200 per week) compared to no treatment. The study did, however, report on long-term outcomes (high-school completion or income). The quality of the evidence was very low. This means that we cannot be certain of the results of the study. We need more research on the effects of day-care for children and their families.
In this review, we examined the evidence from 126 reports describing 30 histologic scoring indices. Eleven of the 30 scoring indices have undergone some form of index validation. Three of the indices underwent content validation. Two of the included scoring indices assessed the validity of the content. Six of the 11 scoring indices explored content validity. The Nancy Index and the Robarts Histopathology Index have undergone the most validation. Four of the operating properties of the scoring indices (the reliability of the index, content validity, construct validity (hypothesis testing), and criterion validity) have been tested. However, none of these four operating properties have been fully validated. In order to determine the optimal endpoint for histologic healing in UC, more research is needed. The optimal score would need to be fully tested.
We included three randomised trials that compared nailing versus plating in 213 adults. The evidence is current to September 2015. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada and Australia. The average age of participants in individual studies ranged from 41 to 44 years. The three included trials were at high risk of bias, with one trial also being at risk of selection, detection and attrition bias. The quality of the evidence was rated as very low for all outcomes, meaning that we are very unsure about the estimates for all measures. Although the pooled results of three different measures of foot and ankle function indicated a small difference in favour of nailing, the results of individual trials indicated that this was very unlikely to be a clinically important difference. Pooled data (173 participants, 3 trials) for the need for reoperation or substantive physiotherapy for adverse events favoured nailing but included the possibility of a better outcome after plating. Based on an illustrative risk of 100 re-operations for adverse outcomes within one year of plate fixation in 1000 people with these fractures, 63 fewer (95% CI 88 fewer to 12 more) people per 1000 would have re-operation after nailing. Similarly, pooled data for the symptomatic nonunion or malunion, wound complications and fracture union favoured plating, but the 95% confidence intervals crossed the line of no effect and thus included the possible benefit of a nailing operation. Evidence from one trial (85 participants) showed no difference in pain between the two groups. Overall, there is either no or insufficient evidence to draw definitive conclusions on the use of surgery or the best surgical intervention for distal tibial metaphyseal fractures in adults. We found no evidence that there was any difference in function or pain between nailing and plating and did not confirm a difference in the risk for re-operative or risk of complications between the groups. The available evidence, which is of very low quality, found no clinically important differences in function and
We included 11 studies involving 38,742 participants. Eight studies compared BPLD versus placebo or no treatment (35,110 participants), and three studies compared the use of BPLDs in people with stroke or TIA. The risk of bias in the included studies varied greatly. The pooled risk ratio (RR) for recurrent stroke was 0.81 (95% confidence interval 0.70 to 0.93). The pooled RR for major vascular event 0.90, and for dementia 0.88. The combined RR of intensive blood pressure-lowering for the risk of recurrence of stroke was 1.58 (95%, 95% CI 0.63 to 1.00), and the pooled RR of blood pressure lowering for the rate of vascular event was 1%. The evidence is up-to-date as of August 2018. We found that BPLd treatment in people who had a stroke or had a TIA reduced the risk for recurrent strokes and dementia. The evidence was of moderate quality. The main limitations of the evidence were the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants.
This review of four randomized controlled trials (lasting 4 to 26 weeks) found that men who took B-sitosterols improved their urine flow and symptoms compared to those who took a placebo. The B- sitosterol did not reduce the size of the prostate. Withdrawal rates for men taking B-shetosterol were 7.8% and 8.0%, respectively. The evidence is up to date as of April 2013.
This review includes 26 trials comparing salmeterol to placebo (a pretend drug) in 62,815 people with asthma. These included 2,599 children. In six trials, 2,766 people were treated with salmeteroll and no serious side effects were reported. We found no significant increase in the risk of death from all causes when salmeterool was compared with a placebo. There was a clear increase in risk of asthma-related deaths in patients not taking salmeterole in the two large studies (26,355 people) as all the deaths in adults were in these studies. There is insufficient evidence to assess whether the risk in children is higher or lower than in adults. The side effects of salmeterolin in children are uncertain due to the small number of children studied. The review found that there was an increased risk of side effects with salmetol when compared with placebo. We could not rule out an increase in deaths from the use of inhaled steroids, but we do not know if there is a difference in the number of people who die from asthma. There were no differences between the two groups of people taking the inhaled corticosteroids and those not taking them.
This review found no evidence from randomised controlled trials that postnatal thyroid hormone treatment reduces the severity of breathing problems in preterm infants. There is also no evidence that thyroid hormones reduce the risk of death or other complications in the newborns.
We included 38 randomised controlled trials with a total of 1828 participants. The analyses found that non-absorbable disaccharides may be associated with a beneficial effect on clinical outcomes (deaths, liver failure, and bleeding). We found no evidence that lactulose or lactitol had an effect on quality of life. We also found that the use of these drugs can help to reduce serious adverse events (liver failure, liver damage, and blood loss) related to the liver disease. We found that these drugs have no effect on the development of hepatic encephalopathy. The quality of the evidence was very low for the other outcomes. The evidence is up to date as of August 2018.
This review included 65 studies involving 3598 participants. The evidence is current to January 2019. Forty-three studies evaluated bone density or bone-related biomarkers, with more recent studies evaluating proteinuria and hyperparathyroidism. Bisphosphonate therapy was usually commenced in the perioperative transplantation period (within 3 weeks) and regardless of BMD. Median duration of follow-up was 12 months. The studies were not designed to measure treatment effects on fracture, death or cardiovascular outcomes, or graft loss. Compared to placebo, bisphosphoneate therapy administered over 12 months in kidney transplant recipients may prevent fracture (low certainty evidence). Bisph phosphonate may reduce bone pain (very low certainty evidence), but it is possible that treatment may make little or no difference (low confidence in the evidence). It was uncertain whether any other drug class decreased fracture (very uncertain evidence). The evidence for the benefits and harms of all other treatments was of very low certainty. Evidence for children and young adolescents after kidney transplantation was sparse. Bisosphonates may increase to risk of hypocalcaemia. It is uncertain whether vitamin D compounds had any effect on skeletal, cardiovascular, death, or transplant function outcomes (very uncertainty or absence of evidence). Evidence for the effects of bone treatment on children and adolescents after transplantation is very uncertain.
This review identified four trials involving 317 people. Three trials studied oral magnesium, with doses ranging from 12.5 mmol/day to 20 mmol/d. One trial studied parenteral magnesium (16.24 mEq q6h for 24 hours). There was significant clinical and methodological variation between trials. We found no study that measured all of the identified outcomes and met the objectives of this review. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether there is any benefit or harm from using magnesium for alcohol withdrawal.
We included 15 trials involving 3057 participants. Of the 15 included trials, 10 appeared in our 2012 review, and five are legacy trials from merging two reviews. No new studies were included from searches for this update. Overall, risk of bias was low. Antibiotics can shorten the time to cure, but only 5 to 11 more people per 100 will be cured faster if they receive antibiotics. Five fewer people in 100 experience clinical failure, and 13 more people experience side effects. The potential benefit of antibiotics to treat acute rhinosinusitis confirmed either clinically (high- quality evidence) or confirmed by X-rays (moderate- quality information) is marginal and needs to be seen in the context of the risk of side effects (low- to unclear-risk-of-harm). The risk of serious side effects is low, and the risk is very low. Considering the low incidence of serious complications, we conclude that there is no place for antibiotics for people with uncomplicated acute rhosinusitis. We could not draw conclusions on children, people with suppressed immune systems, and those with severe sinusitis, because these populations were not included in the available trials.
This review of trials found that D2 lymphadenectomy can improve DSS in patients with tumour-free survival (DFS) compared to D1 lymphadectomy. However, the risk of death from any cause was higher after D2 versus D1 treatment. The quality of the evidence was moderate.
This review of 13 randomised controlled trials, involving a total of 1158 participants, found that oral naltrexone did not perform better than treatment with placebo or no pharmacological agents with respect to the number of participants re-incarcerated during the study period. However, the percentage of people retained in treatment in the included studies is low (28%). The conclusion of this review is that the studies conducted have not allowed an adequate evaluation of oral naloxone treatment in opioid dependence. Consequently, maintenance therapy with naltrerexone cannot yet be considered a treatment which has been scientifically proved to be superior to other kinds of treatment.
We found two studies that examined the effects of changing the consistency of fluids for swallowing difficulties. Both were part of the same multicentre trial and both were conducted in the USA. The first study, a cross-over trial, investigated the immediate effects on aspiration of two viscosities of liquids (nectar thick and honey thick) compared to regular liquids in 351 participants with dementia using videofluoroscopy. Regular liquids with a chin down head posture, as well as regular liquids without any intervention, were also compared. The second study, parallel designed RCT, compared the effect of thickened fluids with a 'chin down' head posture over a three-month period in a subgroup of 260 participants. Outcomes were pneumonia and adverse intervention effects. Honey thick liquids, which are more consistent with descriptors for'spoon thick' or 'extremely thick' liquids, showed a more positive impact on immediate elimination of aspiration of aspiration during videofluooscopy, but this consistency showed more adverse effects in the second follow-up study. There were more incidents of pneumonia in participants receiving honey thick liquids than those receiving nectar thick liquids or taking regular liquids with chin down posture. Neither trial addressed quality of life. The overall quality of evidence for outcomes in this review is low. We are uncertain about the immediate and long-term effects of modifying the consistency and/or duration of fluid for swallowing difficulty in dementia as too few studies have been completed. There may be differences in outcomes depending on the grade of thickness of fluids and the sequence of interventions trialled in videofluoscopy for people with dementia. Clinicians should be aware that while thickening fluids may have an immediate positive effect on swallowing difficulties in dementia, the long term impact on the health of the person with dementia should be considered. Further high-quality clinical trials are required. Risk of bias for both studies is high.
This review included six randomised controlled trials with a total of 788 women. The largest of these trials included 396 women eligible for this review. No evidence of a statistically significant difference was found in live birth rates between natural cycle IVF and IVF. There was also no evidence that there was a difference between the two groups in rates of OHSS (low quality evidence), clinical pregnancy, ongoing pregnancy, multiple pregnancy, gestational abnormality (low and very low quality evidence) or cycle cancellations. The evidence suggests that for a woman with a 53% chance of live birth, the chance of using IVF would range from 34% to 53%. There was no evidence to suggest that there is a difference in the rates of treatment cancellation. Findings for pregnancy rate and for cycle cancellation were sensitive to the choice of the statistical model. For these outcomes, the use of a fixed effect model (where the treatment is assigned to the women by chance) suggested a benefit for the standard IVF group. One trial found that the oocyte retrieval rate was lower in the natural cycle group. There were not enough data to draw any conclusions about rates of withdrawal from the trial because of side effects. The results of this review were not consistent across the studies. The quality of the evidence was very low for all outcomes. More research is needed.
We included a total of 12 studies with 984 participants from 23 references in this analysis. The studies lasted for six weeks to one year. We included only those involved in Tai Chi and the control group (i.e. 811 participants) in the final analysis. Study sample size ranged from 10 to 206, and mean age ranged from 61 to 74 years. All included studies were randomised controlled trials (RCTs). The quality of evidence of the outcomes ranged from very low to moderate. Analysis was split into three comparisons: (1) Tai Chi versus usual care; (2), Tai Chi plus breathing exercise versus breathing exercise alone; and (3) Tai Chi and exercise versus exercise alone. Tai Chi demonstrated a better six-minute walk distance (mean difference 29.64 metres, 95% confidence interval (CI) 10.52 to 48.77 metres) and better lung function in post-programme data. However, the effects of Tai Chi on reducing lung function and quality of life are inconclusive. When Tai Chi was compared with other interventions (elevating breathing exercise or exercise) alone, there was no difference in symptom improvement nor on physical and psychosocial function improvement. No side effects were reported. No adverse events were reported, implying that Tai Chi is safe to practise. With the diverse style and number of forms being used in different studies, the most beneficial Tai Chi style and type of form could not be commented upon.
We included 72 studies that involved a total of 2470 participants. The evidence is current to January 2017. The studies were generally small and varied in terms of both the goals of treatment and the virtual reality devices used. The risk of bias present in many studies was unclear due to poor reporting. We found evidence that the use of virtual reality and interactive video gaming was not more beneficial than conventional therapy approaches in improving upper limb function. However, when virtual reality was used in addition to usual care (providing a higher dose of therapy for those in the intervention group) there was a statistically significant difference between groups (low-quality evidence). There was no difference between the two approaches in the effects of gait speed, balance, participation restriction, or quality of life. There was a trend suggesting that higher dose (more than 15 hours of total intervention) was preferable as were customised virtual reality programs; however, these findings were not statistically significant. This review found that time since onset of stroke, severity of impairment, and the type of device (commercial or customised) were not strong influencers of outcome. The quality of the evidence was mostly low due to the small number of studies and small sample sizes. Thus, while there are a large number of randomised controlled trials, the evidence remains mostly low quality when rated using the GRADE system.
We found five randomised controlled trials (1330 participants) that tested the addition of fluoroquinolones to the standard first-line treatment for drug-sensitive TB. Three trials (723 people) added fluoroxacin to standard regimens. One trial (174 people) also added levofloxacins to the first-time regimen. No trials reported on treatment failure. Three studies (782 people) substituted fluorocinolones for ethambutol or isoniazid in the first treatment regimen. One study (433 people) compared moxifloxacidin with isoniazeid. Treatment failure and relapse were not reported. For death, sputum conversion, and adverse events we are uncertain if there is an effect (one trial, 174 people). For relapse, we are not sure if there was an effect. No trial reported treatment failure or treatment failure at eight weeks. For serious adverse events, we do not know if there were any differences (three studies, 723 people). Fluoroquinoleines in four month regimens Six trials are currently in progress testing shorter regimens with fluoroinolones. Ofloxacine, levofluoxacIN, moxifyloxa, and gatifloxyacin have been tested in RCTs of standard first line regimens based on rifampicin and pyrazinamide for treating drug-ensitive TB. There is not enough evidence to be clear whether addition or substitution of fluoquinolone for ethamabutol and isoniaza in the initial regimen reduces death or relapse, or increases sputuma culture conversion at eight week. Much larger trials with fluo-quinolines in short course regimens of four months are currently underway. The quality of the evidence was very low for all outcomes.
