This review of 38 studies involving 7843 children found that asthma education aimed at children and their carers can help to reduce the number of emergency department visits and hospital admissions. There remains uncertainty as to the long-term effect on other markers of asthma morbidity, such as quality of life, symptoms, and lung function. It remains unclear what type, duration, and intensity of educational packages are the most effective in reducing acute care utilisation.
We included 130 studies with 8341 participants in this review. Most studies had fewer than 50 participants per treatment arm, which means that the results may not be reliable. We did not stratify the main analysis by type of surgery or any other factor, such as dose or timing of ketamine administration, for most analyses. We found evidence that giving ketamine to people having surgery reduced pain at rest and pain during movement by 5/100 mm on a visual analogue scale (a scale that rates the amount of pain on a scale of 0 to 100 mm) at 24 hours, and by 22% at 48 hours. Ketamine also reduced opioid consumption over 24 hours by 8 mg morphine equivalents (95% CI 6 to 9; 19% from 42 mg consumed by participants given placebo; 65 studies, 4004 participants). Over 48 hours, opioid consumption was reduced by 13 mg morphine equivalent (low-quality evidence; 37 studies, 2449 participants). Ketamine reduced the area of postoperative hyperalgesia by 7 cm² (very low quality evidence; 7 studies, 333 participants). We downgraded the quality of the evidence because of small-study effects or because the number of participants was below 400. Overall, 187/3614 (5%) participants receiving ketamine and 122/2924 (4%) receiving control treatment experienced an adverse event (high quality evidence). The number needed to treat to prevent one episode of nausea and vomiting with ketamine was reduced from 27% with placebo to 23% (moderate quality evidence), and the number needed for one person to avoid one episode was 16% (low quality evidence) (23 studies, 1353 participants). Pain at rest or on movement, operation type, and timing of administration, or sensitivity to study size and pain intensity were consistent. No analysis by dose was possible. There was no difference when nitrous oxide was used. Risk of bias was generally low or uncertain, except for study size, most of which had few participants per
The review of trials found five trials of MSP/RESA vaccine with 217 participants. All five reported on safety, and two on efficacy. No severe or systemic adverse effects were reported at doses of 13 to 15 µg of each antigen (39 to 45 µg total). In one small efficacy trial with 17 non-immune participants, the vaccine did not reduce or delay the growth of blood-stage parasites. In the second efficacy trial, with 120 children aged five to nine years in Papua New Guinea, episodes of malaria were not reduced, but the vaccine showed promise as a way to reduce the severity of malaria episodes. The effect of the vaccine is MSP2-specific. Infections with the 3D7 parasite subtype (MSP2) were reduced, while those with the other main subtype, FC27, were not. Pretreatment for malaria during the vaccine trial makes the results difficult to interpret, particularly with the small sample sizes of early trials.
This review identified four randomised controlled trials, with a total of 125 participants. Three of these studies evaluated the effects of pulsed electromagnetic fields, and one study, capacitive coupled electric fields. Participants with delayed union of the long bones were included, but most of the data related to non-union of the tibia. There was no reduction in pain found in two trials. One study reported two minor side effects. The overall pooled effect size was small and did not statistically significant. More definitive conclusions on the treatment effect await further well-conducted randomised trials.
We included 12 randomised clinical trials with a total of 1831 participants. Nine trials included patients undergoing elective laparoscopy for the treatment of acute cholecystitis. One trial did not provide this information. The average age of participants ranged between 48 years and 63 years. The proportion of females ranged between 55.0% and 79.0%. There was no difference between the drain group (1/840) and the no drain' group (2/841) in short-term deaths in the ten trials with 1681 participants reporting on this outcome. The number of deaths was similar in the two groups (7/567) and 3/576 (0.5%) in the seven trials that reported on these outcomes. The length of hospital stay was shorter in the 'drain' group than in the ‘no drain’ group. The operating time was longer in the group of patients who received drain than the 'no drain'. The quality of life was no different between the groups (one trial; 93 participants). The percentage of patients that were discharged as day-procedure laparoscopic chorionic villusectomy seemed to be lower in the drain groups than no drain groups. The time taken for a patient to return to normal activity and return to work did not differ between groups (five trials). There is currently no evidence to support the routine use of drain for the management of patients with cholecochlecysts. Further well designed randomised trials with low risk of bias are necessary.
Forty-nine randomised trials involving 3639 participants were included in this review. All trials were conducted and published in China. Thirty-eight different herbs were tested in these trials. The trials reported on global symptom improvement and changes in nerve conduction velocity. Eighteen trials found no adverse events. Two trials reported adverse events, but it was not clear in which group the adverse events occurred in. 29 trials did not mention whether they monitored side effects. Most of the trials were of very low quality, and therefore the interpretation of the results for the efficacy of Chinese herbal medicines for the treatment of diabetic neuropathy should be made with caution. Conclusions cannot be drawn from this review about the safety of herbal medicines, due to inadequate reporting. No well-designed, randomised, placebo controlled trial has been conducted.
This review included five randomized controlled trials involving 1382 patients. All of the included studies involved advanced (T3 or T4) prostate cancer, and had relatively small numbers of patients. The studies were of short duration. Few events were reported and did not assess disease-specific survival. Only one study (N = 77) measured biochemical progression. A subgroup analysis found no differences between IAS and CAS for biochemical progression, but showed that for patients with a Gleason score of 4 - 6, 7, and 8 - 10, the IAS group had a slightly lower risk of biochemical progression than the CAS group. For patients with an IAS score of 6 - 8 or higher, there was no difference between the two groups. One trial (n = 43) found no difference in adverse effects (gastrointestinal, gynecomastia, and asthenia) between the groups. Limited information suggests that IAS may have slightly reduced side effects. Overall, IAS was also as effective as CAS for potency but was better during the interval of cycles (96%). Data from RCTs comparing IAS to CAS are limited by small sample size and short duration, and there are no data for the relative effectiveness of IAS versus CAS in terms of overall survival or cancer progression.
We identified 12 trials most of which are of moderate risk of bias involving 7,119 participants. Five trials randomised women to either immediate or delayed insertion of an IUD. One of them randomised the women to immediate versus delayed insertion. The quality of evidence was moderate. This trial showed that women were more likely to use IUDs for intrauterine insemination immediately, compared to women who were given a delayed IUD (3 studies; 878 women). The use and expulsion of the IUD was more likely for women who had IUD inserted immediately compared to those who received a delayed insertion. Another trial randomised to the levonorgestrel IUD or the Nova T showed women were less likely to stop using the device due to pregnancy (1 study; 438 women). One of the studies showed that IUD use was more at six months after abortion. The evidence was of moderate quality. We found that women who used IUD immediately were at a higher risk of expulsion than women who received IUD delayed. However, the evidence for this outcome was based on a small number of studies. In other studies, the use of copper sleeves to the Lippes Loop improved efficacy (2 studies; 2,274 women) and reduced expulsion. From the results of two multicentre trials, we found that pregnancy was less likely for the TCu 220C (two studies; 2257 women), as was expulsion (2,274 people). The evidence is current to September 2015. The overall quality of the evidence shows that insertion of IUD right after abortion is safe and practical. IUD expulsion rates appear higher immediately after abortions compared to delayed insertions.
We included only one small trial published as an abstract article. Ninety-one participants enrolled in the study, but only 42 participants remained in the trial throughout the six-month follow-up period. There was no information on average age and sex of the participants. We found a high risk for bias due to missing data due to the publication of only the abstract of the study. We judged the overall quality of the evidence as very low. The included trial might be beneficial for the quality of life of haematological malignant patients, with higher scores for those in the mediation arms compared to the usual care group. Levels of depression decreased in both the spiritually-framed meditation group and the non-specific meditation group in comparison to the 'usual care' group, whose levels of depression remained the same. The influence of meditation practice on death, fatigue, anxiety, quality of sleep and adverse events were not evaluated in the included trial. More high quality trials are needed.
We found three trials involving 110 healthy children who were siblings of household contacts. The trials varied in study quality, vaccine used, length of follow-up and the outcomes measured. The three trials were too small to be suitable for analysis. Overall, 13 out of 56 (23%) children developed varicella, compared with 42 out of 54 (78%) children who received no vaccine or a placebo (or no vaccine) (78%). Of the vaccine recipients, the majority had mild disease (with fewer than 50 skin lesions). In these small trials, most children received PEP within three days following exposure. However, too few children were vaccinated four to five days post-exposure for us to be able to assess the effect of vaccine given more than three days after exposure. There was no information on side effects following vaccination. We found no RCTs for adolescents or adults.
We included 12 randomised controlled trials, with 4704 participants, in this review. Eleven trials performed a total of 16 comparisons of different prophylactic antibiotic regimens. All the trials were at high risk of bias. The overall all-cause mortality was 14/1401 (1.0%) and there were no differences in deaths between the intervention and control groups in each of the individual comparisons. There were no serious adverse events in any of the 561 people randomised to the seven different treatment regimens in four trials. None of the trials reported quality of life, length of hospital stay or the use of healthcare resources. In the single trial that compared an antibiotic regimen with placebo, there was no difference in the proportion of people developing MRSA infections. In two trials, 19/478 (4.5%) people developed MRSA infection including SSI, chest infection and bacteraemia. There was no significant difference between the two groups in these two comparisons. Overall, 221/4032 people developed SSIs due to all organisms, and 46/4704 people developed a MRSA due to MRSA. The number of people with MRSA in their urine was 5.5% in the group that received antibiotics with co-amoxiclav (or cefotaxime, if allergic to penicillin). There is currently no evidence to suggest that using a combination of multiple prophyleactic antibiotics or an increased dose of antibiotics for an increased duration is of benefit to people undergoing surgery, in terms of reducing MRSA bacterial infections. Well designed RCTs are necessary on this topic.
We included two trials (116 women) comparing planned home versus hospital management for PPROM. Overall, the number of women included in each trial was too small to allow assessment of pre-specified outcomes. Women were monitored for 48 to 72 hours before randomisation. Perinatal death was reported in one trial and there was not enough evidence to determine if it differed between the two groups. There was no evidence of differences between groups for serious neonatal illness, chorioamnionitis, gestational age at delivery, birthweight and admission to intensive care. In both studies, there was no information on serious maternal illness or death. There is some evidence that women managed at home were more likely to have a caesarean section than those managed in hospital. Mothers randomised to care at home spent 10 fewer days in hospital and were more satisfied with their care. Furthermore, home care was associated with reduced costs. The review found two relatively small studies that did not have enough numbers of women to detect meaningful differences between the groups. Future large, well-designed randomised controlled trials are required to measure differences in outcomes. Special attention should be given to the assessment of mothers' satisfaction with care and cost analysis as they will have important social and economic implications in both developed and developing countries.
The two methods of skin closure for caesarean are non-absorbable staples and absorbable sutures. These two are the most commonly studied methods for skin closure. Staples are associated with similar outcomes, such as wound infection, pain and cosmesis, compared with suture. However, staples may have a greater risk of skin separation, and therefore, reclosure. There is no conclusive evidence on how the skin should be closed.
We identified 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 821 participants. Seven trials examined a green tea intervention and four examined a black tea intervention. The effects of both green and black tea on CVD risk factors varied between trials. Green tea was found to reduce blood pressure by 1.85 mmHg over six months, stable to sensitivity analysis. Black tea was also found to produce a significant reduction in blood pressure over the same time period. No studies reported cardiovascular events. The results of this review suggest that green tea may have a favourable effect on the risk of developing CVD. However, the small number of trials contributing to each analysis means that the results should be treated with some caution. There were no long-term studies to date examining green or black tea for the primary prevention of CVD, so we cannot be certain of these findings. Further high quality trials are needed to confirm these results.
This review identified two small trials that recruited a total of 23 people with chronic asthma. Participants may have been suffering from chronic lung disease. No data on oral steroid consumption were reported. The findings of the studies are not generalisable to the issue of steroid tapering. There is a clear lack of evidence to support the use of AZA in the treatment of chronic asthma as a steroid sparing-agent. Large, long-term studies are required. An update search conducted in August 2010 did not identify any new studies that met the inclusion criteria for the review.
This review identified 56 studies involving a total of 4068 participants. The majority of these studies were carried out in people with breast cancer. A meta-analysis of all fatigue data (combining data from 38 studies) provided data for 1461 people who received an exercise intervention and 1187 people who did not. Exercise was found to be more effective than no exercise for people with cancer-related fatigue. Benefits of exercise were seen for interventions delivered during or post-adjuvant cancer treatment. In relation to diagnosis, we found benefits of exercise on fatigue for breast and prostate cancer but not for those with blood cancers. Finally, aerobic exercise was shown to be effective in reducing fatigue in those with solid tumours. However, the findings of this review have enabled a more precise conclusion to be made in that aerobic exercise can be regarded as beneficial, particularly for people who have cancer, but also for those who do not have cancer. Further research is needed to determine the best type, intensity and timing of an exercise programme.
We included five trials with 3427 people in the review. These trials included only adults (16 to 65 years of age). The trials were conducted in Germany, Italy and Belgium. The overall risk of bias was low for overall survival and detection bias was high for other outcomes. The remaining 'Risk of bias' domains were low and unclear. All five trials reported results for OS and progression free survival (PFS). In contrast to our first published review (2011), the addition of results from the EORTC 20012 trial increases OS (3142 participants) and PFS (high quality evidence). This means that after five years only 90 (70 to 117) patients will die in the BEACOPP escalated arm compared to 120 (120 to 120) in the ABVD arm. However, this survival advantage is also reflected in an increased PFS of 3142 participants. After five years, only 144 (121 to 168) people will experience a progress, relapse or death in the BABVD arm compared with 250 (250 to 250) patients. There is no evidence for a difference for treatment-related deaths. There was no evidence that there was a difference in the number of people with MDS or AML. Five trials reported adverse events. The analysis shows that the escalation of the chemotherapy regimens probably causes more haematological side effects, such as low blood counts, low white blood cell counts, neutropenia (low white blood cells), thrombocytopenia, infections and infertility. We are uncertain how many female patients will be infertile due to chemotherapy, and which arm might be favoured. This is a very low-quality evidence.
We searched scientific databases for clinical trials that compared a medical intervention with care as usual for people with cancer. We included studies that compared different types of medical interventions with each other or with no medical intervention. We also looked at the effect of interventions on quality of life. Fifteen studies were included in the review. Most studies were conducted in high-income countries. Most of the studies were aimed at patients with breast cancer. Two studies involved psycho-educational interventions, which included teaching self-care behaviours. We found low quality evidence that there was no difference in the effect between the two groups of patients with cancer who received psychoeducation and those who did not. We did not find studies on vocational interventions. In one study, breast cancer patients were offered a physical training programme. The results of this study did not show that physical training was more effective than usual care. In all studies, a less radical or functioning conserving approach was compared with a more radical treatment. In these studies, we found that patients who received less radical approaches had similar RTW rates as more radical treatments. In five studies, which involved multidisciplinary interventions, we were able to combine the results of the different interventions. We could not find any studies on the effects of these interventions. Overall, we judged the quality of the evidence to be low or moderate. We judged six studies to be at a high risk of bias and nine to have a low risk. This means that the true effect of the intervention may be quite different from what we found.
We included four trials involving more than 13,000 women which were conducted in the UK and Ireland. Three trials were funded by the hospitals where the trials took place. One trial was supported by the Scottish government. No declarations of interest were made in two trials. The remaining two trials did not mention whether they were funded. Overall, the studies were assessed as low risk of bias. Results reported in the 2012 review remain unchanged. We found no new trials in this update. The evidence is current to September 2015. The findings of this review support recommendations that the admission CTG not be used for women who are low risk on admission in labour. This would include a cohort of women currently having admission CTGs and not included in current trials. Evidence quality ranged from moderate to very low, with downgrading decisions based on imprecision, inconsistency and a lack of blinding for participants and personnel. The usefulness of the findings of the review for developing countries will depend on FHR monitoring practices. However, an absence of benefit and likely harm associated with the use of CTG will have relevance for countries where questions are being asked about the role of the CTG.
We included 32 studies in this review. Seventeen studies randomised 3666 women, three randomised cycles (total 1018) and twelve randomised oocytes (15,230) in total. It was not possible to combine any of the data from these studies because each study used different culture media. Six studies reported live birth or ongoing pregnancy. Four of the studies found no evidence of a difference between the media compared, for either day three or day five. The fifth study did not appear reliable. One of these studies found that for cle-stage embryo transfer, Quinn's Advantage was associated with higher clinical pregnancy rate than G5. The quality of the evidence was low. Most studies (22/32) failed to report the source of funding. None described their methodology in adequate detail. With regards to adverse effects, three studies reported multiple pregnancies and six studies reported miscarriage. None of them found any evidence of any difference between media used for adverse effects. Most of the trials did not report on the health of the offspring. We conclude that there is not enough evidence to support or refute the use of any specific culture medium for embryo transfer.
The review authors searched for randomised controlled trials of methods of communication between women with breast cancer and those not diagnosed with cancer. They found no randomised trials to include in the review. However, they have considered that it would be unethical to randomise women at such a vulnerable time, such as waiting for a diagnosis. As some of the papers reviewed by the authors related to the first consultation visit, where cancer treatment options are discussed, perhaps a review which focused on the methods used to communicate a diagnosis of breast cancer to women would be beneficial.
We included 17 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 1006 participants. The evidence is current to September 2013. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, New South Wales, New Jersey, New York, New Hampshire, New England, New Mexico, New Scotland, Newcastle, Newy England, and the United Kingdom. The trials were of short duration (three months or less) and included a total of 113 participants. There was a significant reduction in reports of chest pain in the first three months following the intervention. This was maintained from three to nine months afterwards. The number of days without chest pain was also significantly increased up to three months after the intervention, but there was no evidence of effect of treatment on chest pain frequency. The quality of the evidence for other brief interventions was less clear. This Cochrane review suggests a modest to moderate benefit for psychological interventions, particularly those using a cognitive-behavioural framework, which was largely restricted to the first period of the study. However, these conclusions are limited by high heterogeneity in many of the results and low numbers of participants in individual studies. Further RCTs of psychological interventions for NSCP with follow-up periods of at least 12 months are needed. Hypnotherapy is also a possible alternative. In general, there was a low risk of bias in the other domains. In addition, three studies were thought to have a high risk of outcome bias. The wide variability in secondary outcome measures made it difficult to interpret findings from studies.
We identified 30 trials with a total of 4344 participants randomised, with 17 different antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers. All trials evaluated only short-term effects (one to eight weeks) with a range of treatment of one to eight week. There was some evidence to support that topical antihirsutism-reducing drugs, such as olopatadine, ketotifen, azelastine and emedastine, reduce symptoms and signs of seasonal allergic conjunctivitis, when compared with placebo. However, there was no long-term data on their efficacy. There were no reported serious side effects related to the use of antihistamine and mast cells. The quality of the studies and reporting was variable. Overall the risk of bias was low.
This review aimed to assess the effectiveness of interventions aimed at preventing the uptake of tobacco use amongst Indigenous youth. Two studies met the inclusion criteria for this review. One study was conducted in the US and the other in the UK. Both studies were based in Native American populations. The two included studies employed multi-component community-based interventions tailored to the specific cultural aspects of the population and were conducted in a total of 1505 participants. No difference was observed in weekly smoking at 42 months follow-up in the one study assessing this outcome (skills-community group versus control: risk ratio [RR] 0.95, 95% CI 0.78 to 1.14; skills-only group versus a control group: RR 0.86, 95%). For smokeless tobacco use, no difference was found between the skills-community arm and the control group at 42 weeks, though there was a significant difference in the risk of smoking cessation at six months. Whilst the second study found positive changes for tobacco use in the intervention arm at post test (p < 0.05), this was not maintained at six month follow up (change score -0.11 for intervention and 0.07 for control). Both included studies were rated as high or unclear risk of bias in seven or more domains. Based on the available evidence, a conclusion cannot be drawn as to the efficacy of tobacco prevention initiatives tailored for Indigenous youth in this area. This review highlights the paucity of data and the need for more research in the area. Smoking prevalence in Indigenous youth is twice that of the non-Indigenous population, with tobacco experimentation commencing at an early age. As such, a significant health disparity exists where Indigenous populations, a minority, are over-represented in the burden of smoking-related morbidity and mortality. Methodologically rigorous trials are needed to investigate interventions aimed to prevent tobacco use among Indigenous youth and to assist in bridging the gap between tobacco-related health disparities in Indigenous and non
The review included one trial involving 72 women with sickle cell anaemia (HbSS). The trial was at unclear risk of bias. Overall, there were few events for most outcomes and the results were imprecise. The included trial reported no maternal deaths occurring in women who were given either prophylactic blood transfusion or selective transfusion. There was no clear difference in the number of deaths of the mother or the baby, perinatal deaths, or markers of severe maternal morbidity (pulmonary embolism (no events), heart failure (very low-quality evidence) and acute chest syndrome (low quality evidence) between the groups. The trial also reported no clear differences in the risk of pain crisis between the treatment groups. Other relevant maternal outcomes pre-specified for this review were not reported. Currently, there is no evidence from randomised or quasi-randomised trials to provide reliable advice on which is the best way to give blood to pregnant women with HbSC (i.e. HbSS) or HbSβThal. The available data and quality of evidence on this subject are insufficient to advocate for a change in clinical practice and policy.
We found 67 randomised clinical trials involving 6197 participants. A total of 5771 participants from 64 trials provided data for one or more outcomes. All the trials were at high risk of bias. There was no evidence of differences in most of the comparisons, and where there was, these differences were in single trials, mostly of small sample size. We summarise only the evidence from more than one trial below. Of the comparisons that we found, the only one with evidence of a difference was in the number of adverse events (complications), which was higher in the fibrin sealant group than in the control group. In addition, the sample size was small and the risk of harm was wide. The proportion of people who required a blood transfusion (proportion) was higher with low central venous pressure than with high pressure. There is no evidence to suggest that the use of special equipment for liver resection is of any benefit in decreasing the mortality, morbidity, or the need for blood transfusions. The number of days spent in hospital, blood loss, and the total hospital stay were lower in the low-pressure group than with the control. None of the trials reported quality of life, or time needed to return to work. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all the comparisons. The main reasons for this were lack of data and inconsistency.
Twenty-three trials involving 724 people were included. There is evidence supporting the use of systemic retinoids (improvement rate difference 44%, 95 CI 28 to 59%), oral PUVA (44%, 95CI 26 to 62%) and PUVA combined with ointment (44% improvement rate). However, the combined treatment is better than the individual treatments. The use of steroids under hydrocolloid occlusion is beneficial. It would also appear that low dose ciclosporin, tetracycline antibiotics, and Grenz Ray Therapy may be useful in treating PPP. Colchicine has a lot of side effects. It is unclear if it is effective. There was no evidence to suggest that short-term use of hydroxycarbamide (a steroid) was effective. Many different treatments were reported to produce "improvement" in PPP, but there is, however, no standardised method for assessing response to treatment, and reductions in pustule counts or other semi-quantitative scoring systems may be of little relevance to the patient. This review has shown that the ideal treatment for PPP remains elusive. The standards of study design and reporting need to be improved to help inform patients and those treating them of the relative merits of the many treatments available to them.
We found nine trials that evaluated the blood pressure-lowering effect of five drugs (furosemide, cicletanine, piretanide, and indacrinone enantiomer) in 460 people with baseline blood pressure of 162/103 mmHg. The trials lasted for 8.8 weeks. We found no new trials in 2012 and 2014. The best estimate of systolic/diastolic blood pressure lowering effect of loop diuretics was -7.9 (-10.4/5.4) mmHG/ -4.4 (-5.9/ -2.8). Withdrawals due to side effects and changes in blood pressure did not show a significant difference. We graded the quality of the evidence as low due to the high risk of bias of the included studies and the risk of publication bias. The review did not provide a good estimate of the incidence of harms associated with these drugs because of the short duration of the trials and the lack of reporting of side effects.
We included 58 trials, of which 48 trials with 2849 participants randomised to intraperitoneal local anaesthetic (1558 participants) versus control (1291 participants) contributed to one or more of the outcomes. All the trials except one trial with 30 participants were at high risk of bias. Most trials included only low anaesthetic risk people undergoing elective laparoscopic cholecystectomy. There was no death in either group in the eight trials that reported deaths. One participant experienced the outcome of serious illness in the control group. None of the trials reported any serious adverse events. The length of hospital stay was 0.04 days. The pain scores as measured by the visual analogue scale (VAS) were significantly lower in the group receiving local anaesthesia at four to eight hours than the control. The difference in length of time spent in hospital was imprecise. The quality of the evidence was very low. Serious adverse events were rare. The evidence is up-to-date as of September 2014. There is very low quality evidence that it reduces pain in low anaesthetist risk people having elective cholecarystectomy, but the clinical importance of this reduction in pain is unknown and likely to be small. Further randomised clinical trials of low risk of systematic errors and random errors are necessary. Such trials should include important clinical outcomes such as quality of life and time to return to work in their assessment.
We identified 74 randomised controlled studies (RDTs) that compared different types of RDTs with each other or with microscopy. We grouped studies according to the antigens they detected. Types 1 to 3 include HRP-2 (fromP. falciparum) either by itself or with other antigins. Types 4 and 5 included pLDH (from P. falcinum) both by itself and in combination with other drugs. We found 71 evaluations of Type 1 tests, eight of Type 2 tests and five of Type 3 tests. The sensitivity and specificity of all three types of tests is such that they can replace or extend the access of diagnostic services for uncomplicated patients. If the point estimates for Type 1 and Type 4 tests are applied to a hypothetical cohort of 1000 patients where 30% of those presenting with symptoms have malaria, then the number of people wrongly diagnosed with malaria would be 34 with Type 1, and nine with Type 4. The quality of the microscopy reference standard could only be assessed in 40% of studies due to inadequate reporting, but results did not seem to be influenced by the reporting quality. For both categories of test, there was substantial heterogeneity in study results. Overall, the meta-analysis of the studies showed that HRP 2 antibody-based tests tended to be more sensitive and were significantly less specific than p LDH-based (such as the Type 4 and Type 5) tests, but the differences are small. The HRP2 antigen persists even after effective treatment and so is not useful for detecting treatment failures.
We found five studies that compared short-term changes in the length of primary care doctor's consultation with each patient. All five studies were conducted in the UK, and all were funded by government agencies. Overall, our confidence in the results of the studies was low. Most studies had a high risk of bias, which means that their results may be biased. We did not find sufficient evidence to support or refute a policy of altering the lengths of doctors' consultations. It is possible that these findings may change if high-quality trials are reported. More research is needed that focuses on health outcomes and costs.
This review identified only three small trials that compared high dose versus low dose stavudine. All three trials were conducted in developed countries. A total of 157 participants were recruited to these trials. Sample sizes ranged from 24 to 92 and more than 79% of participants were male. The studies were at a high risk of bias due to the way they were designed and reported. The results of the trials were imprecise. There was no significant difference in virologic suppression in the included studies. Symptomatic low-actatemia (low blood sugar) was seen in the high dose arm of one study and in no participants in the other two studies. However, high dose and low dose trials showed a reduction in bone mineral density (BMD), reduction in limb fat and triglycerides (a type of fat). The studies did not indicate that any patients discontinued treatment due to adverse events. The trials were too small to show a clear advantage in the use of high dose or low dose of stavUDine. Furthermore, enrolled patients were ART experienced and so existing data could not be generalized to settings where high dose is currently used in ART naive patients. It was not possible to perform a meta-analysis on these trails.
We included 10 trials with a total of 1658 participants in this review. Six of the trials included recruitment manoeuvres as part of an open lung ventilation strategy. The other five trials included a strategy that was different from the recruitment manoeuvre (e.g. mode of ventilation, higher positive end-expiration pressure (PEEP) titration and lower tidal volume or plateau pressure). Six studies reported deaths outcomes. We found five trials to be at low risk of bias. Five trials (1370 participants) showed that a recruitment strategy reduced the risk of death in the intensive care unit (ICU) but had no effect on death at the 28-day or hospital stay. Four trials (1450 participants) reported no difference in 28- or hospital-based mortality. We also found no difference between the groups in in-hospital deaths. Data revealed no differences in risk of barotrauma. The quality of the evidence was low for all outcomes. Most of the included trials provided co-interventions such as higher PEEP, different ways of ventilation and higher plateau pressure. This might have influenced the results of the outcome. We downgraded the quality of evidence to low, due to the small number of trials and participants.
We found 15 studies, involving 687 participants, that assessed the effects of psychological treatments for asthma. Most of the studies were small and of poor quality. However, some pooled effects were analysed. Three studies measured our primary outcome but individually did not show significant differences between treatment and control. The use of 'as needed' medications was reduced in two studies, (47 patients), by the use of relaxation therapy. There was no significant difference in FEV1 (heart rate) for relaxation therapy in four studies (150 patients). Quality of life, measured using the Asthma Quality of Life Questionnaire (AQQL) in two trials, (48 patients), showed a positive effect following CBT. The findings between studies were conflicting. This may have been due to the different types of interventions used and the deficiencies in the trial design. Peak Expiratory Flow (PEV1) outcome data in two of these studies (51 patients) showed a significant difference for bio-feedback therapy, but there was no difference following relaxation therapy (WMD 43 L/min). The findings of this review were conflicting due to lack of evidence. Larger, well-conducted and well-reported randomised trials are needed in this area.
This review aimed to compare the efficacy and tolerability of antidepressants with benzodiazepines in people with panic disorder. Thirty-five studies, including 6785 participants, were included. We found low-quality evidence suggesting no difference in effectiveness between the two drugs. We also found some evidence that serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) are better tolerated than TCAs, but we did not find any significant differences between SSRIs and TCAs. We did find evidence that there was a small benefit for the use of antidepressants in terms of dropouts due to any cause, but the evidence was of low quality. The majority of studies did not report details on how they were carried out. The studies were too small to fully answer our review questions. We need more high-quality studies to answer these questions. The review authors recommend that the choice of which drug to use should be made on an individual basis, based on evidence of the drug’s efficacy and side effects. Data on long-term side effects should also be considered. This plain language summary is up-to-date as of April 2014.
Twenty-nine trials, that enrolled over 1,700 participants, were included. Three eligible studies compared plastic stents to surgery. There was a trend towards lower risk of 30-day mortality (p=0.07, RR 0.58, 95% CI 5.33 - 64.86) when compared with surgery. One published study compared metal stents with surgery and found lower costs and better quality-of-life with metal stent. The addition of an anti-reflux valve improved the patency of Teflon stents. Metal stents were associated with a lower risk (RR 18.59, RR 5.32, 1.04) prior to death, but with a higher risk of recurrent biliary obstruction. The risk of technical failure (RR 0.48, RR 1.38 - 0.62) was similar with both types of stents, but there was no significant difference in risk of medical failure (HR 0.60, RR 2.45 - 0).
We included five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) reporting 444 arterial cannulations in children. Four RCTs compared ultrasound with palpation, and one RCT compared ultrasound guidance with Doppler auditory assistance. We found moderate-quality evidence from four studies that ultrasound guidance improves first- and second-time success rates and decreases the rate of complications. We also found evidence from two studies that improved success rates at the first attempt with ultrasound guidance. We did not find evidence that ultrasound guided catheters are more successful than other types of guidance. The quality of the evidence was moderate for all outcomes. The main limitations were imprecision due to wide confidence intervals, small sample sizes and small numbers of events. It was not possible to blind the practitioners in all of the included studies; this adds to the risk of bias that is inherent to the type of intervention studied in our review. Risk of bias varied across studies, with some studies lacking details of allocation concealment.
We found one small randomised controlled trial (RCT) (80 male student participants conducted in the Netherlands, published in 2009) and three ITS studies (general population studies in the 1970s and 80s). The RCT found that young men exposed to a low-alcohol content film drank less than men who were exposed to movies with a high alcohol content. The results from the ITS studies were inconsistent. Each of the three studies evaluated a different type of ban (partial or full), with different degrees of restrictions or no restrictions during the time of the control period. A meta-analysis of the two studies that evaluated the full ban showed an increase in beer consumption of 1.10% following the ban. This finding is consistent with an increase, no difference, or a decrease in alcohol consumption. In the study evaluating the lifting of a total ban on all forms of alcohol advertising, which utilised an Abrupt Auto-regressive Model, the volume of all alcohol sales decreased by 11.11 kilolitres (95% CI -27.56, 5.34). In this model, beer and wine sales increased per month, and spirits sales decreased. The quality of the evidence was very low due to a serious risk of bias (a lack of randomisation and imprecision in the results). No other outcomes were addressed in any of the included studies. None of the studies were funded by the alcohol industry. There is a lack of robust evidence for or against the implementation of advertising restrictions.
The review of trials found no evidence of difference between MCT and LCT in the short-term growth and development of infants. However, there was some evidence that high MCT may have less adverse effects than low MCT. The review did not find evidence that MCT is better than LCT on the incidence of NEC (Necrosis of the gut) or other long-term outcomes. There were conflicting data (two studies) as to formula tolerance. More research is needed.
We included one small trial (with data from 34 women) comparing transcervical amnioinfusion with no amniotic fluid. The trial was considered to be at a high risk of bias, due to small numbers, inconsistencies in the reporting of the study methods and lack of information on blinding. The evidence is up to date as of February 2016. The study did not report on this review's other primary outcome (perinatal death or severe morbidity). The study reported on a limited number of outcomes of interest in this review. All women received intrauterine pressure catheter, acetaminophen and antibiotics (ampicillin or, if receiving Group B beta streptococcal prophylaxis, penicillin and gentamycin). We did not identify any trials that used transabdominal amnion. Transcervical infusion was with room temperature saline at 10 mL per minute for 60 minutes, then 3 mL of fluid per minute until delivery, compared to no infusion. We found no clear effect on the incidence of postpartum endometritis, neonatal infection, or caesarean section. There was no clear difference in the duration of maternal antibiotic treatment between the two groups, nor in the number of women who spent the night in hospital. The reduction in temperature at delivery, though not a pre-specified outcome of this review, may be of relevance in terms of benefits to the fetus of reduced exposure to heat. We postulate that the temperature reduction found may be a direct cooling effect of amninal temperature, rather than reduction of infection. The included trial did not provide any information about how many babies had a low Apgar score at five minutes after birth. There is insufficient evidence to fully evaluate the effectiveness of the use of this intervention and to assess the safety or women’s satisfaction. We rated the quality of the evidence using four levels: very low, low, moderate, high, or low. Very low
This review aimed to assess the accuracy of the Mini-Cog as a cognitive test in community settings. Three studies met the inclusion criteria. The studies included a total of 1620 participants. There were problems with the design and conduct of all the studies, which made it difficult to pool the results of the studies. There was a lack of information on how the studies were carried out and the results were not consistent across the three studies. Further well-designed and well-reported studies are needed in order to determine the accuracy and utility of this short-term test.
We included 19 studies that investigated three types of amphetamines: dexamphetamine (10.2 mg to 21.8 mg/d), lisdexamfetamine (30 mg or more per day) and mixed amphetamine salts (12.5 mg or 80 mg per day). These studies enrolled 2521 participants. Most were middle-aged men (35.3 years), Caucasian males (57.2%), and had ADHD. Eighteen of the 19 studies were conducted in the USA, and one was conducted in both Canada and the USA. Ten were multi-site studies. Most studies had short-term follow-up. We found no studies that had low risk of bias in all domains of the Cochrane Risk of bias tool. We also found no evidence to support the use of these drugs compared to other drugs. Amphetamines did not appear to be effective in reducing ADHD symptoms, and we found no difference between the type of drug and the severity of the ADHD symptoms. We could not rule out the possibility of a carry-over effect in studies that used a cross-over design. The quality of the evidence was low or very low, mainly because we did not have enough data, and because we found that some of the studies were not well designed.
We included 10 studies with 811 participants in this review update. The studies were diverse with regard to study quality, the chronic painful conditions that were investigated, the dose of vitamin D given, the co-interventions, and the outcome measures that were reported. There was no consistent pattern that vitamin D treatment was associated with greater efficacy than placebo (low quality evidence). Adverse events and withdrawals from the studies were comparatively infrequent, and no clear difference was found between vitamin D and a placebo. Based on this evidence, we conclude that a large beneficial effect of the vitamin D for chronic pain is unlikely. Whether vitamin D can have beneficial effects in specific chronic pain conditions needs further investigation.
Forty-one studies were included involving more than 200 practices and 48,000 patients. In all studies the intervention strategy was multifaceted. In 12 studies the interventions were targeted at health professionals, in nine they were aimed at the organisation of care, and in 20 studies they were both. In 15 studies patient education was added to both the professional and organisational interventions. Multifaceted interventions improved process outcomes. The effect on patient outcomes was less clear as these were rarely assessed. Arrangements for follow-up showed a favourable effect. Multiple interventions in which patient education or the role of the nurse was added or enhanced also showed favourable effects on patient health outcomes. In summary, multi-protocol interventions can enhance the performance of health professionals in managing patients with diabetes. Nurses can play an important role in patient-oriented interventions, through patient education and facilitating adherence to treatment. Organisational interventions that improve the recall and review of patients (central computerised tracking systems) or nurses who regularly contact the patient) can also improve diabetes management.
We found five randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly assigned to one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 1503 women. The trials compared hormonal and intrauterine methods of birth control with each other. The studies included a mean of 301 women. In the trials comparing two different types of methods, there was no difference between groups for contraceptive efficacy or continuation. The sample sizes were small for two of those studies. In three trials that examined different LNG-IUS, continuation was at least 75% at 6 to 36 months. In one study, different doses of the LNG -IUS did not appear to influence efficacy over three years. In another study, continuation of the IUD appeared to be at least as high as that for the COC. The current evidence was not enough to compare the efficacy and continuation rates for hormonal methods in women aged 25 years and younger. Limitations were due to trial design or limited reporting.
This review found that immunotherapy reduces asthma symptoms and use of asthma medications, and improves bronchial hyper-reactivity. There is no evidence to suggest that it has an effect on lung function. There was some evidence of a reduction in asthma symptoms, but the size of the benefit was small. The possibility of local or systemic adverse effects (such as anaphylaxis) must be considered. If 16 patients were treated with immunotherapy, one would be expected to develop a local adverse reaction.
This review found six trials involving 1297 patients. Five trials had a low risk of bias. One trial had an unclear risk of systematic error. Mortality at day 28 was significantly reduced by lung-protective ventilation with a relative risk (RR) of 0.74 (95% CI 0.61 to 0.88). Hospital mortality was reduced by 0.80 (95%) and overall mortality was not different if a plateau pressure of 31 cm H2O was used. The effects on long-term mortality are unknown. Clinical heterogeneity, such as different lengths of follow up and higher levels of pressure in control arms in two trials, makes the interpretation of the results difficult.
We included 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 1833 participants. We found that the intravenous technique of giving isoflurane to help patients to come out of anaesthesia was similar to the inhalational technique. However, we found that there was no difference in the risk of side effects between the two techniques. We also found that propofol was more likely to cause side effects such as shivering or pain than sevofrurane. We did not find any difference between the methods in terms of time taken to emerge from anaesthesia. The quality of the evidence was low. The evidence is up-to-date as of August 2014.
This review identified four trials including 15,936 hypertensive patients. Average age was 75.4 years. Mean blood pressure at entry across the studies was 171/86 mmHg. There is no convincing evidence that lowering blood pressure in late-life prevents the development of dementia or cognitive impairment. There were significant problems in the analysis of the data, however, due to the small number of patients lost to follow-up and the number of placebo patients who were given active treatment, this introduced bias. More robust results may be obtained by combining the results of individual patient data.
We identified 12 randomised controlled trials enrolling 3474 patients. The evidence for the effectiveness of PTCRA in in-stent re-stenosis is unclear. In complex lesions, there was no evidence of any difference in re-stenting rate at six months (RR 1.05; 95% confidence interval (CI). 0.83 to 1.33) and at one year in those receiving PTCR with PTCA. In patients with complex lesions there were no clear differences in the risk of re-stepping of the stent. PTCRA/PTCA did not increase the rate of major adverse events (myocardial infarction (MI), emergency heart surgery or death). However, patients were more likely to experience a spasm, perforation (hole) in the artery (perforation) and transient vessel occlusion (occurrence of blockage of the vessel) during the in-hospital period. There was no difference in the number of patients who had an angioplasty procedure. In certain circumstances (e.g. those who are unable to have cardiac surgery, those with architecturally complex lesions or those with lesions that fail to pierce the stents, or those who fail to complete the procedure) there may be no additional benefit from the routine use of pTCRA. The quality of the evidence was unclear for the majority of the studies due to a lack of data. The authors concluded that this would be unlikely to impact negatively as most of the outcomes were objective.
This review identified three studies that compared nebulised rhDNase with placebo (dummy treatment) in 333 children under 24 months of age with acute bronchiolitis. Two of these studies were multicentre studies, comprising only children who were positive for the respiratory syncytial virus (RSV). The other study enrolled children who had bronchiolytic bronchitis from a hospital in Italy. All studies used 2.5 mL (1 mg/mL) of the inhaled drug in a single dose. Adjunctive therapy included nebulized salbutamol, steroids, supplemental oxygen, intravenous fluids or tube feeding, nose washing, nasal decongestants and antibiotics. There was no significant difference in the length of hospital stay or clinical score improvement. In one study, four of 11 patients in the treatment group had atelectasis, a condition in which the bronchial wall of the lung is exposed to the airway. There were no significant differences in adverse events between the two groups. The results of the three included studies in this review did not support the use of nebulisation of rh DNase in children under one-to-one. In these patients, there was no difference in length of stay in hospital, clinical scores or admission to the intensive care unit.
We found two studies with a total of 181 participants. One study had a small sample size and did not adequately report methods of randomisation, how participants were allocated to the two groups and how outcomes were chosen. The second study was a larger study, with few sources of bias and good methodology. We found no significant difference in mortality between groups, with only one death occurring overall, in the group treated by cut-down femoral artery access. There was no difference between groups in major complication rate, bleeding complications and haematoma. No wound infections occurred in either group. There were no differences in length of hospital stay or complications at six months between the groups. The two studies showed that the percutaneous approach took longer to perform, but there was a difference in the time taken to perform the procedure. We rated the quality of the evidence as moderate for short-term deaths, major complications, wound infection and long-term (six month) complications. The quality of evidence was downgraded due to the limited number of studies and low event numbers. The search identified one ongoing study, which may provide more evidence in the future.
The review of trials found that the sponge was less effective than the diaphragm in preventing pregnancy. The sponge was more likely to cause allergic reactions. Discontinuation rates were higher at 12 months as well. No new trials have been identified since the initial review. Other trials will be needed to resolve whether spermicides are more effective in preventing sexually transmitted infections or in causing adverse effects.
Sixteen studies were identified for possible inclusion in the review. Six of which were included. Three studies investigated prevention of cognitive deficits, three studies investigated amelioration. Two studies investigated the use of a drug to prevent cognitive deficits and two investigated a rehabilitation program. There was no strong evidence to support any non-drug interventions (medical or cognitive/behavioural) in the prevention or treatment of cognitive problems. There were a number of limitations across the studies but few without high risks of bias. There is some evidence that memantine may help prevent cognitive problems in adults with brain metastases who have had their brain tumours removed. However, the quality of the evidence is low. Further research is needed. Non-drug studies appear promising but are as yet to be conclusive through translation into high quality evidence. More research that aims to minimise the withdrawal of consent, and subsequently reduce the need for imputation procedures, may offer higher quality of evidence.
We found two studies that investigated the effects of low-level laser treatment compared to placebo laser therapy for the treatment of nerve damage in people with iatrogenic nerve injury. The age range of participants was from 17 to 55 years. Both studies were at high risk of bias. The results of the two studies were imprecise. There was some evidence that there was some improvement in the subjective assessment of neurosensory deficit in the lip and chin areas. However, the results of this review are not conclusive. The overall quality of the evidence was very low as a result of limitations in the way the studies were done and reported. There is clearly a need for randomised controlled trials to investigate the effectiveness of surgical, medical and psychological treatments for this type of injury. Primary outcomes of this research should include patient-focused morbidity measures (including altered sensation, pain, pain test and quality of life) as well as delayed treatment.
We found two randomised controlled trials (281 pregnancies and 282 fetuses) that met our inclusion criteria. However, the two trials were very different in terms of how they were conducted. One trial (161 pregnancies) was based on women with a history of diabetes. It showed no difference between the combined oestrogen and progestogen group and the no treatment group in the rate of miscarriage. The second study (based on pregnant women who had undergone IVF) did not show a difference in the number of miscarriages in the treatment group. The study did not report on this review's other main outcomes (perinatal death or preterm birth), nor on any of our proposed secondary outcomes. In terms of the risk of cancer other than that of the reproductive system in mothers, there was no clear difference between groups. Similarly, there were no differences in the rates of low birthweight of less than 2500 g, genital abnormalities in the offspring, abnormalities other than genital tract (e.g. cancer) in the mother, or cancer of other parts of the body in the unborn baby. There is not enough evidence to assess the use of combined hormone treatment to prevent miscarriages. We strongly recommend further research in this area. This plain language summary is up-to-date as of February 2016.
This review found that both TCAs and SSRIs are effective for depression treated in primary care. Nearly all studies were of short duration, typically 6-8 weeks.
We found nine studies that compared ibuprofen with placebo or other active comparators, but none of these studies used an antiemetic (e.g. rofecoxib 25 mg) or a self-administered medicine. Ibuproven 400 mg was better than placebo for pain relief in about half of people with acute migraine, but it was not better at relieving the pain in the other half. The higher dose was significantly better than the lower dose for 2-hour headache relief. Soluble formulations were better than standard tablets for 1-hour, but not for 24-hour relief. Adverse events were mostly mild and transient, occurring at the same rate as with the placebo. We found no new studies since the last version of this review.
We included 43 randomized controlled trials with 3497 participants with dry eye. We found that, in general, there was uncertainty as to whether different OTC artificial tears provide similar relief of signs and symptoms. However, we found that OTC tears containing 0.2% polyacrylic acid and 1.4% polyvinyl alcohol were consistently more effective at treating dry eye symptoms. All other OTC cryotherapy tears produced contradictory results. We also found that the majority of OTC synthetic tears may have similar efficacies. Our review also found some evidence to support the use of these tears, but not without side effects. We assessed the quality of the evidence as low due to high risks of bias among trials and poor reporting of outcome measures. Furthermore, we identified an additional 18 trials that were reported only in clinical trial registers with no results or publications. Such lack of reporting of trial results is a high risk of publication bias.
We found one randomised trial that compared second-line regimens with boosted protease inhibitors (PIs) and two small observational studies (both of low quality) that did not show a difference in the proportion of patients with viral suppression after six months and time to HIV-1 RNA suppression among those on a lamivudine or emtricitabine (FTC) regimen compared to patients on a 3TC/FTC regimen. There were no studies comparing boosted PIs directly in patients starting ART. There was no difference in virological outcome in the group who maintained lamivUDine and those who did not in their subsequent regimens. There is limited evidence from randomised trials to evaluate second line regimens for people with HIV who fail first-line treatment with a WHO-recommended regimen.
We included 133 studies involving 844,206 participants. We evaluated a total of seven different prespecified index tests in the 133 studies, as well as 69 non-prespecified, and 32 combinations of tests. We found six studies for the Mallampati test, 105 for the modified Mallampatis test, 52 for the Wilson risk score, 18 for sternomental distance, 34 for the mouth opening test, and 30 for the upper lip bite test. All studies were conducted in adults with no apparent anatomical airway abnormalities. We assessed the quality of the evidence from these studies as low to moderate. For difficult face mask ventilation, we found seven studies that used the reference standard in seven studies, difficult laryngoscopy in 92 studies, and difficult tracheal intubation in 50 studies. We judged the risk of bias to be variable for each of the different domains; we mostly observed low-risk of bias for patient selection, flow and timing, and unclear risk-bias for reference standard and index test. Applicability concerns were generally low for all domains. The tests were generally of high sensitivity. For the tests we examined, the tests showed the most favourable diagnostic test accuracy properties. We could only estimate summary sensitivity (0.17, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.06 to 0.39) and specificity (1.87 (CI 0.82 to 0). For difficult tracation, we could only calculate summary sensitivity and specificity of 0.24 (95% CI 0.12 to 0) for the thyromental distance and 0.51 (CI 1.51 to 0.51) of the modified mallampatis for the other tests. However, for difficult face masks, we were unable to calculate summary and specificity for the different tests. The upper lip bites test provided the highest sensitivity for diagnosing difficult larynxoscopy compared to the other three tests, and the modified test had the highest specificity
This review found that probiotics reduce the duration of diarrhoea and the frequency of stool stool in children and young children. Probiotics appear to be safe and have clear beneficial effects. However, more research is needed to guide the use of probiotic regimens in specific patient groups.
We found only one study that compared nidotherapy-enhanced standard care with standard care alone. This study included a total of 52 participants. The duration of the included study was 18 months. The single study examined the short-term (up to six months) and medium-term effects (between six and 12 months) effects of the new form of care. The results of the single study showed that people receiving the new treatment were more likely to engage with non-inpatient services in both the short term and medium term. However, these results did not reach statistical significance. People receiving the treatment were less likely to leave early from the study than those in the control group. Results for adverse effects/events of death were also favourable to the treatment group. Skewed results were available for mental state, service use, and economic outcomes. These results suggest that there is a mixed picture of the benefits and harms of this form of therapy. More research is needed. Until such research is available, patients, clinicians, managers and policymakers should consider it an experimental approach.
We included eight studies with a total of 3283 participants. Five studies had a classic design in which participants were randomised at the start of the study to pregabalin (150, 300, 450, or 600 mg) or placebo, with assessment after 8 to 13 weeks of stable treatment. Two studies (1492 participants) had an EERW design, in which those with good pain relief after titration were randomized, double blind, to continuing the effective dose (300 to 600 mg/d) or a short down-titration (13 or 26 weeks) to placebo. No studies included active comparators. Studies had low risk of bias, except that some of the methods used to assess pain relief could overestimate treatment effect. Pregabalin increased the number of people with moderate or severe pain who experienced at least 50% pain reduction after 12 or 13 weeks’ stable treatment (high quality evidence). Substantial benefit was observed by about 14% of people (22% to 24%) with placebo, but by about 9% more people (32% to 40%) with pregapalin 300 to 600mg (high-quality evidence). Moderate benefit was experienced by about 28% of participants (39% to 43% with placebo) and by about 11% (11% to 39%) of people using PGIC of'very much improved' and'much or very much improved'. NNTs for these outcomes ranged between 7 and 14. A small study (177 participants) compared once-daily (daily) versus twice daily (daily), and concluded there was no difference in effect. We calculated the outcome of maintained therapeutic response (MTR) without withdrawal, equivalent to a moderate benefit. About 10% of the initial population would have achieved the MTR outcome, similar to the result from studies of classic design. MTR had no imputation concerns. The majority (70% to 90%) of participants in all treatment groups experienced adverse events
We included one randomised controlled trial involving 135 women with mild pre-eclampsia at term. The trial compared magnesium sulphate with a placebo and was at a low risk of bias. There was no significant difference in Apgar score (a measure of the baby's growth and development) or gestational age at birth between groups. There were more maternal side effects (feeling warm and flushed). However, no difference in adverse effects severe enough to stop treatment was observed. The included trial did not report any of this review's prespecified primary outcomes.
This review aimed to evaluate the effectiveness of smoking cessation interventions specifically targeted at Indigenous populations. Four studies met all of the criteria for this review. Two studies used combination treatments consisting of a pharmacotherapy, cognitive and behavioural therapies, whilst the other two used cognitive and behaviour therapy through counselling, one via text message support and the other delivered via clinic doctors. Smoking cessation data were pooled across all four studies, which showed a statistically and clinically significant effect of the intervention. However, following sensitivity analysis, the results were not statistically significant. Due to this lack of published investigations, the validity of this review is limited. A significant health disparity exists, as Indigenous populations, a minority, are over-represented in the burden of smoking-related illness and death. More rigorous trials are now required to help bridge the gap between smoking related health disparities in Indigenous populations and non-Indigenous populations. This plain language summary has been written by a consumer Ben Gray, Service User and Service User Expert, Rethink Smoking.
We included 13 studies (5686 patients) in this review. All studies reported some type of hospital mortality. We considered studies of high-risk surgery patients (eight studies) and general intensive care patients (five studies) separately as subgroups for our analysis. The pooled risk ratio (RR) for mortality for mortality was 1.02. For the studies of the high risk surgery patients, the RR was 0.98. We found that PAC did not change the number of deaths in the general ICU or hospital or the length of stay in the ICU. We also found that there was no difference in the time patients spent in hospital. We did not find any evidence that PAC changed the time people spent in ICUs. The quality of evidence was high for deaths and LOS, but low for cost analysis. We rated 75% of the studies as low risk for bias. We judged blinding of participants and personnel and blinding of outcome assessment to be at high risk in about 50% and at low risk in 25% to 30%, respectively.
The review of trials found that venepuncture, when performed by a skilled phlebotomist, appears to be the method of choice for blood sampling in term neonates. The use of a sweet tasting solution (which contains sugar water) reduces the pain caused by the procedure. Further well designed randomised controlled trials should be conducted in settings where several people perform the procedures.
We found two small studies of poor methodological quality including 52 women. The evidence is up-to-date as of September 2013. One small study presented data in relation to wound healing at less than four weeks, (the primary outcome measure for this review), although no reference was made to demonstrate how healing was measured. There was a trend to favour this outcome in the resuturing group, however, this difference was not statistically significant (risk ratio (RR) 1.69, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.73 to 3.88, one study, 17 women). Similarly, only one trial reported on rates of dyspareunia at two months and six months with no statistically significant difference between both groups. This trial also included data on the numbers of women who resumed sexual intercourse by two months (one study, 35 women). Significantly more women in the secondary sutured group had resumed intercourse two months later, although by six months there was no difference between the two groups. Neither of the trials provided information on the following prespecified secondary outcome measures: pain at any time interval; the woman's satisfaction with the aesthetic results of the perineal wound; exclusive breastfeeding; maternal anxiety or depression. Based on this review, there is currently insufficient evidence available to either support or refute the use of second-stage suturing for the management of broken down perineum wounds following childbirth. There is an urgent need for a robust randomised controlled trial to evaluate fully the comparative effects of both treatment options.
We included 18 studies involving 2521 participants. The methodological quality of 17 included studies was poor. Included studies separately compared Chinese medicinal herbs with different antiviral drugs. Only three studies showed that compared with antiviral drug treatment, these herbs may be effective in preventing or treating influenza. Most Chinese medical herbs in the included studies were found to be similar in effect to antiviral agents in preventing and treating flu. No obvious side effects were reported. However, current evidence remains weak due to limitations of the trials. More high-quality RCTs with larger numbers of patients and clear reporting are needed.
We included 8 studies with a total of 580 participants in this review. These studies compared the use of thrombolytic agents, fibrin sheath disruption and over-the-wire catheter exchange to restore catheter patency in patients with HD catheters that were dysfunctional. The studies were of low certainty evidence. The main limitations of this review are that most of the studies had a high risk of bias due to poor study design, broad inclusion criteria, low patient numbers, and industry involvement. There is no evidence to suggest any specific treatment is superior in terms of ensuring that patients have adequate kidney function or that they have fewer side effects. The certainty of this evidence is reduced due to the fact that it is based on a single study with wide confidence limits, imprecision in the estimates of side effects, and the small number of patients in the studies.
We found 17 trials reporting on 22 treatment comparisons (2674 patients randomised). Fifteen trials (20 treatment comparisons) reported results for tumour response and 11 trials (14 treatment treatments) published time-to-event data for overall survival. There were 1532 deaths in 2116 women randomised to the addition of a drug to the regimen and control (the regimen alone). There was no difference in overall survival between these patients, with an overall HR of 0.96. We found no differences in time to progression (time taken for the tumour to get worse) between these regimens. The addition of one or more drugs to the treatment regimen showed a statistically significant advantage in tumour growth, but the results suggest that there is no clear difference in survival time or time to the progression of the cancer. There was an increased risk of side effects, such as hair loss, nausea and vomiting, and leucopenia.
The review of trials found that the length of stay in the intensive care unit was reduced for patients discharged from a non-nursery intensively cared unit (NLU) but there was an increase in the number of deaths. There was no difference in the rate of readmissions to the ICU. Patients discharged from the NLU were more likely to be readmitted to hospital, but this was unclear if this was due to the increased length of inpatient stay. Costs of care on the non-natal intensively care unit were higher in the UK but lower in the US. There is some evidence to support the use of NLU for the chronically ill with ICU care. No significant adverse effects were noted but the possibility of an increased early death cannot be discounted. More research is needed.
We included 11 studies including 414 participants in the review. Two trials compared therapeutic ultrasound with placebo, two compared one ultrasound regimen with another, and six compared ultrasound as part of a multi-component treatment with another non-surgic intervention (e.g. exercises and splint). The risk of bias was low in some studies, and unclear or high in other studies. Only two studies reported on short-term overall symptom improvement. One low quality trial with 68 participants found that at the end of seven weeks of treatment, therapeutic ultrasound may increase the chance of overall improvement, but there were too few participants to be sure of this. Loss to follow-up and failure to adjust for the correlation between the two wrists in participants with bilateral CTS in this study suggest that this data should be treated with caution. Another low quality study found that, at three months post-treatment, people with CTS who received therapeutic ultrasound plus splint found that they were more satisfied with their treatment than those who received splint alone. There was no evidence that one type of treatment was better than another. No studies reported any side effects of therapeutic ultrasound. More studies are needed to assess the safety and effectiveness of ultrasound for CTS.
We included eight studies involving approximately 10,000 participants. The main interventions were pravastatin, atorvastatin (patients with a history of ischaemic stroke), simvastatine, clofibrate, and conjugate. Fixed-effect analysis showed that statin therapy alone had a marginal effect on stroke recurrence but there was no evidence that such intervention reduced the risk of death or sudden death. Three statin trials showed a reduction in the number of subsequent serious vascular events. There is no clear evidence of beneficial effect from statins in those with previous haemorrhagic stroke. In view of this and the evidence of the benefit of statin treatment in patients with established heart disease, statins should be given to all patients with stroke or TIA, with or without a previous history of heart disease.
The aim of the review was to assess the effectiveness of these programmes in changing smoking behaviour in adults. Eleven studies met the inclusion criteria. Studies differed in design, settings, duration, content and intensity of the campaigns, length of follow-up, methods of evaluation, and also in definitions and measures of smoking behaviour used. There is evidence that mass media campaigns can be effective in changing the behaviour of adults, but the results are based on a diverse group of studies of variable quality. Among the seven campaigns reporting smoking prevalence, the largest decrease was seen in the California and Massachusetts state-wide tobacco control campaigns. Some positive effects on smoking were observed in three of the remaining seven studies. Three large-scale, multi-state campaigns of the seven presenting results for tobacco consumption found significant decreases. In the eight studies presenting abstinence or quit rates, four showed some positive effect, although in one of them the effect was measured for quitting and cutting down combined. None of the three that did not show significant decreases were measured. One study demonstrated a significant effect on smokers and ex-smokers combined. Six of the nine studies carried out in communities or regions showed at least one significant change in the smoking behaviour of smokers. There was no consistent relationship between the effect of the campaign and age, education, ethnicity or gender.
We included 24 studies with a total of 2166 participants, 23 of which provided data for analysis. Seventeen studies compared yoga with no therapy. Yoga improved health-related quality of life (10 studies, 675 participants), reduced fatigue (11 studies, 883 participants) and sleep disturbances in the short term. Yoga did not reduce depression (seven studies, 496 participants) or anxiety (six studies, 346 participants). Yoga had no short-term effects on fatigue (three studies, 146 participants). Four studies that compared yoga versus a psychosocial/educational intervention (four studies, 226 participants) found moderate-quality evidence that yoga can reduce depression, anxiety and fatigue (two studies, 106 participants). No study reported any safety-related data. Three studies (146 participants) compared yoga to exercise. Yoga was no more or no less effective than other exercise programmes for short- and medium-term outcomes. No serious side effects were reported. The quality of the evidence was moderate to very low for all outcomes. This means that the true effect of yoga may be substantially or substantially different from what we found.
We found one study that compared early post-operative brain imaging (within 48 hours of surgery) with no early brain imaging. This study included 125 people with glioblastoma. Most of the people in the study had surgery to remove all of their tumours, and most of them also received radiotherapy. The study was funded by a government agency. We found no evidence on the effectiveness of other imaging schedules. In addition, we did not find any relevant economic evaluations assessing the efficiency of the different imaging strategies. The evidence is up-to-date as of September 2014. The quality of the evidence was very low. The results of this study suggest that early brain scans may make little or no difference to survival among people with GBM who will receive combined radiotherapy and temozolomide treatment. However, the study was at high risk of bias overall, which means that we cannot be certain about the results. The effect of different imaging schedules on survival and other health outcomes remains largely unknown. Existing imaging schedules in glioma seem to be pragmatic rather than evidence-based. The limited evidence suggesting that early (post-operative) brain imaging among GBM patients who will be receiving combined chemoradiation treatment may make no or little difference to their survival needs to be further researched, particularly as early brain scan imaging also serves as a quality control measure that may lead to early re-operation if residual tumour is identified. Mathematical modelling of a large gliomatous patient database could help to distinguish the optimal timing of surveillance imaging for different types of gliomas, with stratification of patients facilitated by assessment of individual tumour growth rates, molecular biomarkers and other prognostic factors.
We included three studies randomising 161 people with schizophrenia. Data were available for only two of our seven main outcomes. Clinically important improvement in global state was measured. There was no clear difference between the two drugs in terms of improvement. There were no clear differences in the number of people with parkinsonism at eight weeks of treatment. The quality of the evidence was very low. Chlorpromazine seems to be the drug of choice for the treatment of schizophrenia. However, the need to compare metiapine with chlorpromazine is not clear and further research is unlikely to change this conclusion.
Twenty-three studies were identified for inclusion in this review. Probiotics were not superior to placebo for any outcome measured. The use of nitroimidazole antibiotics reduced the risk of Crohn's disease recurrence. However, these agents were associated with a higher risk of serious side effects. There was no significant difference between the use of mesalamine, azathioprine/6-MP or infliximab for any of the outcomes. There were insufficient data to draw conclusions on the effectiveness of inflixIMab, budesonide, tenovil (a drug that suppresses inflammation), interleukin 10 (an antibody drug) and interferon-alpha (an antifungal drug).
We included seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 885 participants in this review. The psychosocial interventions considered in the studies were: cognitive-behavioural coping skills training (one study), twelve-step programme (one), brief intervention (three studies), motivational interviewing (two studies), and brief motivational interviewing. Two studies were considered in two comparisons. There were no data for the secondary outcome, alcohol-related harm. We found low to very low-quality evidence to suggest that there is no difference in effectiveness between different types of interventions to reduce alcohol consumption among people who use illicit drugs, and that brief interventions are not superior to assessment-only or to treatment as usual. No firm conclusions can be made because of the paucity of the data and the low quality of the retrieved studies. We judged the majority of the trials to have a high or unclear risk of bias.
We found 23 trials with a total of 1586 participants. Fifty-eight per cent of these participants were from five unpublished studies. The trials compared quinine to placebo (20 trials, 1140 participants), vitamin E (four trials, 543 participants), theophylline (one trial, 77 participants), and xylocaine (two trials, 510 participants). We found no new trials for inclusion when searches were updated in 2014. We found that, compared with placebo, the most common dose of the drug was 300 mg/day (range 200 to 500 mg). The most common side effects were gastrointestinal symptoms, mainly gastrointestinal symptoms. The number of cramps over two weeks was reduced by 28%, cramps by 10%, and cramp days by 20% on average. Cramp duration was not affected. A significantly more number of people suffered minor side effects (3% versus 0%) on quinines than on placebo. One participant suffered from thrombocytopenia (a type of blood clot in the leg (0.12% risk) on quinsine. There was no significant difference in the number of serious side effects between quinsines and placebo. The combination of vitamin E and quininsine was not significantly different to quinesine in all outcomes, including side effects. Based on a single trial comparison, quinne alone was significantly less effective than a quinaine-theophyelline combination but with no significant differences in side effects, including adverse events. Evidence from single trials suggests that theophylla (a plant medicine) taken in combination with the drug thepinine improves cramps more than quininine alone, and the effects of theophyella injections into gastrocnemius muscle are similar to those of quines. There is moderate quality evidence that with use up to 60 days, the incidence of serious adverse events is not significantly greater than for placebo in the identified trials, but because serious adverse
We found seven randomised controlled trials enrolling a total of 406 individuals. Three trials enrolled pregnant women with leg cramps (N = 202), four trials enrolled idiopathic cramp sufferers (n = 322), and one trial enrolled people with pregnancy-associated rest cramps. Magnesium was compared to placebo (a pretend treatment) in six trials, and to no treatment in one trial. We found no trials that compared magnesium to placebo or no treatment for people with muscle cramps in the legs. The evidence is current to September 2014. For idiopathy (leg cramps that occur in the night) and idiopatic cramps, we found that magnesium was no better than placebo in reducing the frequency of cramps and reducing the number of cramp days. The percentage of individuals experiencing a 25% or better reduction in cramp rate from baseline was also no different, being 8% lower in the magnesium group. Similarly, no statistically significant difference was found in measures of cramping intensity or cramp duration. The single study comparing magnesium to no intervention failed to find statistically significant benefit on a three-point ordinal scale of overall treatment efficacy. The two trials comparing magnesium versus placebo differed in that one trial found no benefit on frequency or intensity measures while the other found benefit for both. Withdrawals due to adverse events were not significantly different than placebo. While we could not determine the number or severity of minor adverse events, studies of oral magnesium generally described potential side effects as similar in frequency to placebo. It is unlikely that magnesium provides clinically meaningful cramp prophylaxis to older adults experiencing skeletal muscle cramp. In contrast, for those experiencing pregnancy-related rest cramp the literature is conflicting and further research in this patient population is needed. We did not find any trials evaluating magnesium for exercise-associated muscle cramping or disease state-associated cramps for people who have ALS/MND.
We included one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared a six-month, home-based, combined muscle strength and exercise training program with usual care in 14 people with SMA. The age range of the participants was between 10 years and 48 years. The study was at a high risk of bias, as personnel and participants could not be blinded to the intervention. The training program was compared to usual care. Participants performed strength training as prescribed, but 50% of the people in the training group did not achieve the intended exercise program. The trial used change in walking distance on the six-minute walk test as a measure of function; a minimal change is 24.0 m. The change from the start of the study to six months' follow-up was 9.4 m, which was not different from the change in the usual care group. The exercise program did not improve walking distance by any significant amount, but it did improve lung function. People in the exercise group showed a slight improvement in muscle strength, expressed as the manual muscle testing (MMT) total score, which ranges from 28 (weakest) to 280 (strongest). The change in MMT total score was 6.8 points, compared to 5.14 points in the control group. No serious side effects or adverse events led to withdrawal from the study. The certainty of evidence for all outcomes was very low, as there were problems with the design of the trial and the results were imprecise. We need well-designed and well-conducted studies to improve our understanding of the exercise response in people with spinal cord injury.
We found two randomised controlled trials (N = 149) that compared surgery with physiotherapy or hard collar immobilization. Both trials were small and had significant risks of bias. One trial (81 patients with cervical spondylosis) found that surgical decompression was superior to physiotherapy or cervical collar immobilize in the short-term for pain, weakness or sensory loss. At one year, there were no clear differences between groups. The other trial (68 patients with mild myelopathy) found no significant differences in pain relief in three years following treatment. A substantial proportion of cases were lost to follow-up. Both small trials were of poor quality. It is not clear whether the short term risks of surgery are offset by long-term benefits. More research is needed to answer this question.
Nine studies met our inclusion criteria. Six studies compared telephone consultation versus normal care, four by a doctor, one by a nurse and three by a clinic clerk. Three studies compared different types of health care workers; two compared nurses with doctors, and one compared health assistants with doctors or nurses. Three of five studies found a decrease in visits to GP's but two found an increase in return consultations. Seven studies looked at the number of emergency department visits, six showed no difference between the groups and one, of nurse telephone consultation, found no difference in visits. Two studies reported deaths. One study reported deaths in a nurse telephone triage group. In general at least 50% of calls were dealt with by telephone advice alone. Telephone consultation appears to reduce the need for surgery contacts, out-of-hours visits by doctors and general practitioners. However, questions remain about its affect on service use and further rigorous evaluation is needed.
We included 84 studies with a total of 22,872 participants in this review. The evidence is current to September 2016. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand and the United Kingdom. Most of the studies were carried out in higher risk individuals or settings. Studies with follow-up periods of at least four months were of more interest in assessing the sustainability of intervention effects and were also less susceptible to short-term reporting or publication bias. The results of this review indicate that there are no substantive, meaningful benefits of MI interventions for preventing alcohol use, misuse or alcohol-related problems. Although we found some statistically significant effects, the effect sizes were too small, given the measurement scales used in the included studies, to be of relevance to policy or practice. Moreover, the quality of evidence is not strong, suggesting that any effects could be inflated by risk of bias. Further analyses showed that there was no clear relationship between the duration of the MI intervention (in minutes) and effect size. Subgroup analyses revealed no clear subgroup effects for longer-term outcomes (four or more months) for assessment only versus alternative intervention controls; for university/college vs other settings; or for higher risk vs all/low risk participants. None of the trials reported harms related to MI.
We included 29 studies with a total of 2210 participants. All participants had asthma, and follow-up ranged from 2 to 26 weeks. Most studies were at low or unclear risk of selection and attrition bias and at high risk of blinding. We considered most of the evidence to be of low quality. We classified studies into three groups: enhanced face-to-face training session(s), multi-media-delivered airway training (e.g. DVD, computer app or game) and technique feedback devices. The studies included adults and children with asthma. We found that interventions to improve inhaler technique may help some people to improve their technique, but we could not be sure how much or by how much. We also found that some studies did not report important improvements in asthma control or quality of life. However, we were not sure whether these interventions led to important changes in clinical outcomes. We did find some evidence that people who received enhanced inhaler training showed some benefit for some aspects of their asthma control, but it was not clear if this was important enough to be considered clinically important. Inhaler feedback devices were more likely to help people to use their inhaler more effectively. We could not tell whether these devices helped people with asthma to use the inhaler correctly. We were also not sure if they made any difference to the number of people who were able to use it correctly. Most of the studies we looked at were of low to moderate quality. This means that we are uncertain about the results. In summary, we found that there is a lot of variation between the studies, and that we cannot be certain that the results will be similar across studies.
We found three small trials, involving 226 participants, that compared mannitol to placebo. One trial included patients with presumed ischaemic stroke who had not had a stroke, and the other two trials included patients who had had ICH. There was no information on death and dependency. The change in clinical condition was reported in two trials, and there was no difference in the proportion of those with worsening or not improving condition between the treated and control groups. There were no differences in the number of deaths or disability in the ICH trial. Adverse events were not found or not reported. Based on these three trials, we could not prove or refute whether or not the effects on death or disability could be proved. However, there is currently not enough evidence to support the routine use of mannitor in acute stroke patients. Further trials are needed.
Six trials were identified, with 425 patients randomized to D-penicillamine and 258 to placebo. The results of these trials show that D-Penicillamines appear to be superior to placebo in all three dose ranges. Its efficacy appears to be similar to that of other disease modifying anti-rheumatic drugs (DMARDs), but with a higher toxicity. Its effects on long-term functional status and radiological progression are not clear from this review.
We included four relevant trials. All of them were of low quality. All four studies used a decoction containing Huangqi compounds as the intervention with chemotherapy. There was a significant reduction in the proportion of patients with nausea & vomiting when decoctions of Huangqi compound were given in addition to chemotherapy. However, there was no evidence that the use of Chinese herbs resulted in any side effects. The results of the studies did not show that any of the Chinese herbs were harmful. We need more high quality randomised controlled studies investigating the effects of using Chinese herbs, particularly Astragalus spp., as well as Huangqi, to treat chemotherapy-related side effects in patients.
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 866 participants aged four to 55 years with RP. One trial evaluated the effect of vitamin A and/or DHA on visual field loss or visual acuity, one trial evaluated DHA alone, and a third trial compared DHA with vitamin A alone. None of the RCTs had protocols for reporting the results of the trials, so we were not able to assess the risk of bias in all three trials. We did not perform meta-analysis (combining of results from different trials) for the primary outcome, change in visual field from baseline at one year, as this was not reported in any of the studies. No adverse events were reported. Two of the three trials reported differences in the size of the ERG amplitudes, but these results have not been replicated or substantiated by the other trials. There is no clear evidence for benefit of treatment with vitamins A/DHA for people with RP, in terms of the mean change in vision at five years, and no trial reported a benefit of vitamin supplementation on the progression of vision loss. In future trials, it is important to take into account the changes observed in the ERGs and other outcome measures from the trials in this review, in addition to the previous cohort studies, when calculating sample sizes to assure that there is enough power to detect a clinically meaningful difference between treatment arms.
We included three randomised controlled trials with 414 participants at risk of job loss. All participants were recruited through rheumatology clinics, both in or outside hospitals. The duration or dose of the interventions varied from two 1.5-hour sessions (one RCT) over five months, to two consultation and multidisciplinary treatments during three months (one trial), to six to eight individual or group sessions (also one RCT). All participants had inflammatory arthritis. The majority had IA, most with RA and to a lesser degree AS. The trials aimed to prevent job loss and improve work functioning in several ways: firstly by evaluating work changes or adaptations (e.g. changes to work tasks) and secondly by providing any person-directed interventions, such as vocational counselling, advice or education. Interventions directly targeted at the workplace were minimal and included workplace visits (one study) or any actions by occupational physician (one). Overall, we assessed the two smaller trials as having a high risk of bias and the large trial as being at low risk. We assessed the quality of the evidence using the GRADE approach. We judged there to be very low quality evidence across the three reported outcomes. Of the two RCTs, the larger one (n = 242) reported a large reduction in job loss, and the other reported similar effects in both groups, although the CI was very wide. The latter one probably suffered from bias. The one small trial investigating sickness absenteeism found uncertain results at three months. Finally, in the same small trial, there was a moderate improvement in work functioning using a scale of intermediate term work function (six months). We found no adverse effects in the publications of the three trials. This Cochrane review of three RCT-based studies found that job loss prevention interventions have an effect on job loss (job replacement) and work absenteeism (work functioning) in workers with inflammatory arthritis, and suggests that these strategies may be effective. While this
We identified three eligible studies that included a total of 285 preterm infants (140 given arginine) from three countries. The evidence is current to August 2016. We found that administration of arginines to preterm babies may prevent the development of NEC. The number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) as required to prevent one additional preterm baby from developing NEC was 6 (95% confidence interval (CI) 4 to 10). We also found that the risk of death due to NEC was reduced by a significant amount. Mortality due to any cause was not significantly different between the treatment and control or no treatment groups. Follow-up data from one trial revealed no statistically significant differences in adverse outcomes (cerebral palsy, cognitive delay, bilateral blindness or hearing loss requiring hearing aids) at 36 months. Limitations of the present findings include a relatively small overall sample size. Because information was provided by three small trials that included 285 participants, the data are insufficient at present to support a practice recommendation. A multi-centre randomised controlled study that is focused on the incidence of NEC, particularly at more severe stages (2 and 3), is needed. We assessed the overall methodological quality of the included studies as good. We rated the quality of evidence as moderate.
We found four studies involving 1943 participants with acute sinusitis. The trials were well-designed and double-blind and studied INCS versus placebo or no treatment for 15 or 21 days. The rates of loss to follow-up were 7%, 11%, 41% and 10%. When we combined the results from the three trials included in the meta-analysis, we found that INCS was more likely to improve the symptoms than placebo. Higher doses of INCS had a stronger effect on improvement of symptoms or complete relief. No significant side effects were reported and there was no difference in the drop-out and recurrence rates for the two treatment groups and for groups that received higher doses. No new trials were found for this update. The results of this review are up to date as of April 2014.
The review of trials found that prophylactic use of vancomycin in low doses reduces the risk of sepsis in the neonate. However, there was not enough evidence to determine if there were any benefits for the babies. There was insufficient evidence to ascertain the risks of the babies developing resistance to the antibiotic. There is a need for further research in this area.
The review of trials found that the choice of dressing or topical agent for wounds healing by secondary intention can affect the healing of these wounds. However, the trials were small and of poor quality. There was not enough evidence to say whether the choice was influenced by the type of dressing used, the amount of foam used or the cost of the dressing. A single trial of aloe vera supplementation vs gauze suggests delayed healing, but the results of this trial are not clear since there was a large loss to follow up. A plaster cast applied to an amputation stump accelerated wound healing. There were no differences in healing for other dressing comparisons. Gauze caused more pain for patients than other dressings. Patients treated with gauze were less satisfied with the use of gauze. Patients receiving gauze spent more nursing time than those receiving foam. Four trials did not show a difference in length of hospital stay. One trial found shorter hospital stay in people after amputation when plaster casts were applied to the stump of a stump compared with elastic compression.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials that included 1482 women. Four trials examined oral contraceptives (COCs), and three studied an intrauterine device (LNG-IUS). We also found two trials of progestin-only pills (POPs) and two of the etonogestrel-releasing implant. Most trials did not report differences between the study arms in breastfeeding duration, breast milk volume, or infant growth. Two of eight trials reported a negative effect on lactation duration. One trial showed a lower percentage of the LNG- IUS group breastfeeding at 75 days versus the nonhormonal IUD group, but no difference at one year. For breast milk volumes, two older studies showed lower volume for the COC group versus the placebo group. The other showed lower means (mL). For infant growth, one showed greater weight gain (grams) for the eytonogestre implant group versus no method for six weeks, but less for depot medroxyprogesterone acetate (DMPA). The others studied POPs, COCs versus POPs (or both), or an LNG. The evidence was not consistent across the 11 trials. The quality of the evidence was moderate overall and low for three of four placebo-controlled trials of COC(s) or POPs. We found six trials with moderate quality evidence. Five trials indicated no difference between groups in the breastfeeding duration. Three of four trials that assessed infant growth did not show any significant differences between groups. One showed that weight gain was greater with an etonodilator compared to no method. Results were not consistent in the other trials. Overall, the quality of evidence was low for any particular hormonal method. This means that further research is likely to have an impact on our confidence in the results. This plain language summary is up-to-date as of April 2014.
We found 10 controlled trials from Australia, Singapore and the USA that compared red-light cameras with no camera. We grouped the studies according to the extent to which they adjusted for the effect of traffic flow (RTM) and spillover. Most of the studies did not adjust for RTM or for spillover, affecting their accuracy. The results of the trials were not conclusive. The only study that adjusted for both reported a rate ratio of 0.71 (95% CI to 0.55, 0.93). For three trials, the rate ratio was 0.87. For one trial, there was no adjustment. For the other trials, there were no adjustments. The evidence is less conclusive on total collisions, specific collision types and traffic violations, where reductions could be explained by chance. Larger, better controlled studies are needed.
The review authors identified four trials involving 494 participants. Three studies involving 383 participants provided data on the proportion of participants who had achieved a therapeutic INR of 2.0 to 3.0 on the fifth day of therapy. One study showed that a 10-mg warfarin nomogram can be used to assess the level of INR in patients with VTE. Another study showed significant benefit of 5-mg (10 mg) in VTE in outpatients. The third study, consisting of both inpatients and outpatient patients, showed no difference. No difference was observed in the number of patients with recurrent venous thromboembolism at 90 days when 5 mg versus 10 mg was compared. In patients with acute DVT (DVT or PE) aged 18 years or older, uncertainty surrounds the use of a 10 mg or a 5 mg loading dose for initiation of anticoagulant drugs. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate.
We included seven trials with a total of 555 participants. Three trials compared models of enhanced care in the hospital setting with conventional care. Two trials compared an enhanced care model at home and in the inpatient setting with usual care. One trial compared the use of geriatrician-led care (care led by the orthopaedic team) in-hospital to conventional care in which care was provided by a team of doctors. We found that some of the models used in the trials may reduce the risk of delirium after hip fracture. There was also low-certainty that people with dementia who received the enhanced care may have spent less time in hospital. We downgraded the certainty of the evidence for all outcomes to low or very low. We considered all trials to be at high risk of bias in more than one domain. As they were subgroups of larger trials, we could not detect differences between the intervention groups. Furthermore, there were some important differences in baseline characteristics of people who had been treated for hip fracture and those who had not. There were no data from any of the trials for our primary outcome of health-related quality of life. We were not able to draw any conclusions with confidence for this outcome. We also found that there was limited evidence to suggest that enhanced care and rehabilitation in- hospital may reduce some postoperative delirities, and that it may also have reduced the length of hospital stay. However, we are uncertain about these results. The certainty of these results is low, and we downgraded them because of the small number of trials and participants. There is a need for more research in this area. Determining the best models of care for older people with hip fracture should be a research priority.
We found seven studies with a total of 840 participants. Participants, interventions and outcomes were diverse. No significant differences were reported in health outcomes. Three studies reported a reduction in parental anxiety and improvement in child behaviours. Also, better parental coping and family function was reported in one study. Home care was reported to be more costly for service providers. In two studies, home care was cheaper for the family. One study showed no significant cost savings. The preliminary results show that there is no adverse impact on physical health outcomes, and a number of papers reported improved satisfaction with home-based care. Further trials are needed, measuring health, satisfaction, service use and long-term costs.
The evidence is current to September 2016. We included 40 studies with 7524 participants from 40 randomised controlled trials (RCTs). We found data relevant to two comparisons: ICM compared with standard care, and ICM versus non-ICM. The majority of studies had a high risk of selective reporting. No studies provided data for relapse or important improvement in mental state. We found that ICM is effective in ameliorating many outcomes relevant to people with severe mental illness. ICM may reduce the number of days spent in hospital and increase retention in care. It also improves social functioning, although ICM's effect on mental state and quality of life remains valuable. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for the following outcomes: 1. The effect of ICM on adverse events (death by suicide); 2. The impact of the ICM model on social functioning; and 3. the effect of the model on unemployment. The evidence was of moderate to very low quality for the outcomes adverse events and social functioning. Based on very low- to moderate-quality evidence, ICM probably makes little or no difference in reducing the average number or the average length of stay in hospital per month or in the average admissions to hospital. Similarly, the results showed that the number leaving the intervention early and that the effect on social function was uncertain. The overall quality of evidence was very low.
This review looked at the effects of box model training compared with no training. The review included 16 trials with a total of 464 participants. All but one trial were at high risk of bias (that is, there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of play of chance). Overall, 16 trials (464 participants) provided data for the quantitative synthesis. All the 16 trials used video trainers. There were no trials that used animal models (e.g. cadaveric models). The results of this review showed that the time taken for task completion was shorter in the box trainer group than in the control group. There was also a lower error score (3 trials; 69 participants) and better accuracy score (73 participants) when the trainee was trained using a box model. Three trials reported movement distance but could not be combined as they were not in a format that could be analysed. None of the other outcomes such as death and morbidity were reported in the trials. The quality of the trials was low to very low. There appears to be no significant differences in the improvement of the skills of the trainees in different methods of box training. One trial (36 trainees) found that when box training was performed using a simple cardboard box trainer, it was shorter to complete the task than with the standard pelvic trainer. However, the impact of this decrease in time on patients and healthcare funders in terms of improved outcome or decreased costs are unknown. There is no difference in the error score between the two groups in any of the comparisons. The only trial that reported the accuracy score found that trainees who were trained using Z-maze (a box model) box training had higher accuracy scores than those who received U-Maze box training, but this trial was not large enough to be able to be combined with the results of the meta-analyses. The evidence is up-to-date as of September 2014. The results are limited by the small
This review of trials found no evidence to support the use of peroral glucocorticosteroids for patients with primary sclerosing cholangitis. The use of corticosteroid via nasobiliary tube seems to cause severe adverse effects.
This review of 11 trials found that early feeding may be associated with a trend towards better outcomes in terms of survival and disability. However, more trials are needed to confirm this finding. These trials should report not only nutritional outcomes but also the effect on death and disability as well.
We included 57 studies which randomised a total of 34,390 participants. Forty one studies provided data for the primary meta-analysis. The main sources of bias were from attrition from the studies, participant blinding, and high risk of bias. Fifteen studies (16 comparisons, 10,862 people) showed that participants who consumed less than one drinking day per month fewer than participants who did not consume alcohol at the end (moderate-quality evidence). In 15 studies (3587 people) people consumed about one binge drinking session less per month less in the intervention group compared to those who received no intervention, and in 15 other studies (9791 people) participants drank one unit less than those who had no intervention. There was no difference in alcohol consumption at end of follow up. The BCTs of goal setting, problem solving, information about antecedents, behaviour substitution, and credible source were associated with a lower alcohol consumption in people who consumed them in the studies. No studies reported whether there were any adverse effects from the interventions. Only five small studies (390 people) compared digital and face-to-face interventions. The results of these studies suggest that there may be little or no difference between the effects of digital interventions and those on alcohol consumption. Limited reporting of theory use was not linked to the effectiveness of the interventions, and there was no evidence of a link between the use of theory and the effect of the intervention. Only two studies used theory to select participants, or to tailor the intervention to the participant's preference. A median of nine studies (ranging from 1 to 22) were used in experimental arms. The most common theories or models in the included in these studies were: 'B' is an estimate of effect (amount of drinking, expressed in g/week) in the BCT, and is a way to report whether individual BCTS are linked to an effect on the effect. The average reduction of up to three (UK) standard drinks
We included 24 studies in the review with a total of 4233 participants, of which 2124 were randomised to benzodiazepines and 1475 to placebo. The remaining 634 participants received other treatments. We assessed the quality of the included studies as poor. We judged all studies to be at unclear risk of bias in at least three domains. In addition, we judged 20 of the 24 included studies to have a high-risk of bias (risk of at least one domain of bias). The results of the review suggest that, compared to placebo (a pretend treatment), benzodiazepine may be more effective in the short-term treatment of people with panic disorders. We also found that the dropout rate was lower among people treated with benzoduzepine. The number of people dropping out due to side effects was higher in people who took benzodazepine than in people taking placebo. However, we cannot be sure of this finding due to the small number of included studies and the low number of participants. We found no difference in side effects between people who were treated with and people who did not take the drugs. We rated the evidence for the other outcomes as of very low quality. With the exception of the change score data for depression and social functioning, which showed an effect in favour of benzodaxazine, all other outcomes were of low-quality evidence. Due to these limitations, our results regarding the efficacy and acceptability of these drugs can provide only limited guidance for clinical practice. Furthermore, the clinician's choice should be guided by the patient's preference. The choice of treatment should also be balanced by the benefits and harms of treatment in a long-term perspective.
We found 13 small trials (1520 participants randomised) and three ongoing trials. Seven studies recruited 903 healthy participants, the other studies recruited people with high blood pressure, elderly people at high risk of falling, and people with hypertension with liver and kidney yin deficiency syndrome. All studies were short term (one year or less) and the duration and style of tai chi varied between trials. There was some suggestion of beneficial effects on CVD risk factors, but the results were not consistent across all studies. There were no deaths from any cause, all-cause deaths or non-fatal events as most of the studies had short-term follow-up of one year. We found no clear evidence of a difference between groups on lipid levels. Quality of life was measured in one trial. The results of the trials showed that people who did tai Chi at least once a day for three months had better quality of life than those who did not. None of the included trials reported on side effects or costs. There are no long-term trials looking at the effects of Tai Chi for the prevention of CVD. There is a need for longer-term, high-quality studies to look at the benefits and harms.
We searched for studies that compared family-based programmes to no intervention or usual care, or school-based interventions. We included studies that looked at the effect of family interventions on preventing children and adolescents from starting to smoke. We found that there was moderate quality evidence that family interventions had a positive impact on preventing smoking. Most of these studies used intensive programmes. There were more studies of high intensity programmes, which focused on family functioning, than there were for other types of programmes. Based on this moderate quality of evidence, we would expect that a family intervention might reduce the number of children who start to smoke by between 16 and 32%, compared to a control group receiving no intervention. However, these findings should be interpreted cautiously because we could not include data from all studies. Most studies had at least one risk of bias, which means that their results may not be reliable. We judged the quality of the evidence to be moderate.
We included three studies with a total of 451 participants in this review. Two studies compared dexamethasone to placebo, and the third study compared a number of different corticosteroid drugs in various combinations. The trials lasted from seven to 14 days. We included two studies (127 participants) with data at eight days in our meta-analysis, but no data were available for the third trial. Corticosteroids given to adult cancer patients with nausea and vomiting were no better or worse than placebo in terms of side effects. The quality of this evidence was downgraded by three levels, from high to very low, due to the small number of studies, imprecision, likely bias, and small numbers of study participants.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of high-risk children using antibiotics (azithromycin, ciprofloxacin, co-trimoxazole (a drug used to treat tuberculosis), isoniazid, oral penicillin V or vancomycin) to prevent LRTIs. Three studies (1345 children) included HIV-infected children, four children with cystic fibrosis ( 429) and one child with sickle cell disease (219), cancer (160) and low birth weight (40). The study duration ranged from seven days to three years. There was no significant increase in the number of children who died from any cause. In the one study of children with cancer, there was a significant decrease in lung infections (Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia) with the use of antibiotics. In two studies, there were no significant differences in the frequency of adverse events. There were no evidence of increased rates of antibiotic resistance in two studies. We were unable to assess the quality of the evidence for two studies due to inadequate data. We found that there was no evidence that antibiotic prophylaxis reduced the risk of lung infections in children with HIV/AIDS. However, there is evidence that there may be a reduction in the rate of admissions to the hospital. There is no clear evidence that antibiotics prevent the growth of pathogenic strains. The quality of evidence was moderate.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs), randomising 519 participants. Three trials randomised participants to nitrous oxide (three trials), helium (five trials), or room air (one trial) to carbon dioxide. None of the trials was at low risk of bias. There was insufficient evidence to determine the effects of nitrous and carbon dioxide on the number of people who developed a cardiopulmonary or surgical complications (two studies; 140 people; very low quality of evidence). There were no serious adverse events related to either of these gases. We could not combine data from three trials (140 people) which individually showed that people had less pain on the first postoperative day with room air pneumoperitoneum when compared with carbon dioxide (three studies; 196 people, very low-quality evidence). One trial involving 33 people did not state how many people were in each group. The trial did not report on complications. One trial (70 people) compared room air or carbon dioxide to room air. The evidence was of low quality. We did not have enough data to be able to determine whether there were any differences between the two gases in terms of complications, surgical complications, or pain scores. There were also no serious side effects (e.g. shortness of breath or subcutaneous emphysema). The quality of the evidence was very low for all outcomes. We found one trial (76 people) that reported that people who received room air, compared with those who received carbon dioxide, had lower costs for hospital stay and less pain. We do not know if this was due to the fact that people were given room air rather than carbon dioxide in the trial. The safety of room air and helium, and room air was not established. We rated the quality of this evidence as very low. There is a need for more research in this area.
This review identified 14 studies investigating dexamethasone. Eight studies enrolling a total of 303 infants investigated the cumulative dose of corticosteroids given; three studies compared a high versus a moderate dose; and five studies a moderate versus a low dose. Analysis of these studies showed that there was an increased risk of BPD in infants who received a moderate to high dose of the drug. The number of infants with BPD was higher in the moderate dose group than in the high dose group. There were no differences in outcomes between the high and the low dose groups. Four other studies enrolled 762 infants and showed no significant differences in BPD between the two groups. The two RCTs investigating a continuous versus a pulse regimen showed an increased BPD rate when using the pulse therapy. Finally, two trials investigating a standard regimen versus an individualized course of treatment showed no clear difference in the primary outcome and long-term outcomes. Despite the fact that some studies reported a modulating effect of the dose of treatment regimens in favor of higher-dose regimens on BPD and neurodevelopmental impairment, recommendations on the optimal type of steroid dose, the optimal dosage, or the optimal timing of initiation cannot be made from the current level of evidence. A well-designed large RCT is urgently needed. The quality of evidence for all comparisons was assessed as low or very low, because of small sample sizes, differences in study design, and differences between studies.
This review of trials found that there was little evidence of benefit when corticosteroids were used to reduce the risk of heart valve lesions. However, all results should be interpreted with caution due to the age of the studies and the substantial risk of bias. New trials in patients with acute rheumatic fever are warranted to assess the effects of steroids, such as oral prednisone, and intravenous immunoglobulins. Advances in echocardiography will allow more precise and objective assessments of cardiac outcomes.
We included six studies with a total of 12,294 participants from 79 communities. Two studies found that insecticide spray reduced trachoma by at least 55% to 61% compared to no intervention. However, this was not confirmed by a more recent study. One study found that another fly control measure, latrine provision, reduced the number of trachomatosis cases by 29.5% in communities where it was provided. Another study showed that health education reduced the incidence. These findings have not been confirmed by the second study. Health education had shown a significant reduction of trchoma in one study, but another study did not show similar findings. There is some evidence from two trials that insecticides are effective in reducing trachome, however, this effect was not shown in another trial that used insecticides. There are some concerns about the methods of these studies. Generally there is a dearth of data to determine whether the use of all aspects of environmental sanitation are effective.
This review found that CBT is effective in reducing the symptoms of fatigue at post-treatment compared with usual care. CBT may be more effective than usual care in reducing fatigue symptoms compared with other psychological treatments. However, the evidence base at follow-up is small and inconsistent. There is a lack of evidence on whether CBT alone or in combination with other treatments is better than other treatments. Further studies are needed to inform the design of effective treatment programmes for people with CFS.
We found one randomised controlled trial (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) which included 46 people with sickle cell disease. Of the 46 people included in the study, seven people withdrew before the start of the trial, leaving 39 people who did not complete the study. The study lasted for six weeks and participants were followed up to six months. Two people from the vitamin D group have missing values of serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) which means that the number of participants in the trial has not been analysed. Compared to the placebo group, people receiving vitamin D had higher levels of 25-OHD levels at eight weeks; at 16 weeks; and at 24 weeks. However, the difference was not significant. People taking vitamin D did not have a higher rate of adverse events (e.g. tingling of lips or hands), but there was no difference between the groups in terms of pain days. The quality of the evidence was low for all of the outcomes. We considered the evidence to be of low quality due to incomplete outcome data. Therefore, we consider that the evidence is not of sufficient quality to guide clinical practice.
This review includes only one study with 26 children aged 4 to 12 years, with mild to moderate CAS of unknown cause. This study compared two treatments: the Nuffield Dyspraxia Programme 3-3 (NDP-3) and ReST (RST) - the Rapid Syllable Transitions Treatment (ReST). Treatments were delivered in one-hour sessions, four days a week, for three weeks. Speech pathology students delivered the treatments in the English language. Children were assigned to one of the two treatments. Outcomes were assessed at one month and four months after treatment. A number of children had restarted treatment by their speech and language pathologist one month after treatment had ended. We found that, when delivered intensively, both NDP-3 or ReST may have improved word accuracy, speech production consistency, and the accuracy of connected speech. For three outcomes, the effect was slightly greater for NDP--3 than ReST. ReST demonstrated a marginally greater effect for accuracy of production on treated words, and for connected speech, but did not assess the outcome of functional communication. We judged all core outcome domains to be low risk of bias. The quality of the evidence was downgraded from high to moderate due to imprecision, given that only one RCT was identified. We are not able to say whether either treatment is better than no treatment, or treatment as usual. Further RCTs replicating this study would strengthen the evidence. Similarly, further trials of other treatments are needed.
We found four studies that randomised a total of 268 participants. One study in Brazil in both adults and children compared trimethoprim-sulfamexacocol over 20 months to no treatment. The other three studies compared antibiotic treatment to placebo. We judged these three studies to be of low or unclear quality. The last study, in the UK, all participants had active retinochoroiditis and were treated with antibiotics for 45 days prior to the start of the study. In all four studies antibiotic treatment was administered orally. We did not find any good evidence to support the use of antibiotics to treat people with active, chronic, or acute toxoplasma ryegoritis. There was some evidence that antibiotics reduce the risk of having a new flare-up of the disease. However, there was no evidence that this leads to better vision. There were also some adverse events such as a drop in haemoglobin, leucocyte, and platelet count, nausea, loss of appetite, rash, and pain in the legs. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for all outcomes. The evidence is up-to-date as of February 2016.
We included 43 trials with a total of 3749 participants. Twenty-two trials (3749 participants) compared the Gamma nail with the sliding hip screw (SHS). The Gamma nail was associated with increased risk of operative and later fracture of the femur and an increased reoperation rate. The SHS appears superior for these fractures. There were no major differences in wound infection, death or medical complications. Five trials (623 participants) of other nail versus extramedullary hip screw comparisons for trochanteric fractures provided no evidence that there were any major differences between the implants under test. Two trials (65 participants) found that nails with a fixed angle plate may be more likely to heal more quickly than fixed nail plates. However, the SHS is more expensive than the fixed nail plate. None of the 10 trials with 1491 participants that compared the two types of nail with each other for these types of fractures provided evidence to show definite differences between them. Further studies are needed to confirm whether newer designs of nail are better than those of previous nails.
We found only one study that met our inclusion criteria and was included in the review. It analysed data for 47 women who received either a palliative surgery (n = 27) or medical management with Octreotide (20) and reported on overall survival and perioperative deaths and morbidity. Women with poor health status were excluded from the study. Although six (22%) women in the group who received surgery had serious complications, three (11%) died of complications. The results of this review show that women who had surgery had significantly (p < 0.001) better survival than women who were treated with the drug, but this was not reported. Quality of life (QoL) was not recorded and side effects of the treatment were incompletely reported. We found only low quality evidence to support the use of surgery to prolong survival. Therefore we are not able to draw any definite conclusions about the relative benefits and harms of the two forms of treatment. However, there is weak evidence in support of surgical management.
Four randomised controlled trials were identified. They comprised a total of 244 women with PCOS receiving 12 weeks or 6 weeks of treatment. Two trials studied the effects of simvastatin and two trials (60 women) studied the effect of atorvastatins. There was no good evidence that statins improved menstrual regularity, ovulation rate, hirsutism or acne. Nor were there any significant effects on body mass index (BMI). Statins did, however, improve blood lipid profiles and reduce testosterone levels. No serious side effects were reported.
This review aimed to assess the benefits and risks of palliative treatments for vaginal bleeding in women with advanced cervical cancer. We found no new studies since the last version of this review. We identified only observational data from single-arm studies. There is no evidence from these studies to support or refute the use of any of the proposed interventions. Therefore, the choice of treatment will be based on local resources.
The review of trials found that, compared to radiotherapy alone, temozolomide is an effective primary therapy in GBM. It prolongs survival and delays progression without impacting on quality of life. In recurrent glioblastoma multiforme (HGG), it improves time-to-progression (TTP) and may have benefits on QoL, but it does not improve overall. In GBM, it does increase early adverse events. In the elderly, it appears to be comparable with radiotherapy but with a higher instance of side effects.
We found two studies that investigated the effects of contracting-in and intermittent training courses on health care access and utilization. One study was conducted in Cambodia and the other in Latin America. The findings of the study in Cambodia provide low quality evidence that private contracts with international nongovernmental (NGO) groups for district health systems management ('contracting-in') may improve access to health care services. However, the study did not find an effect on population health. In the other study, the results of an intermittent training course over 18 months may improve district health system managers' performance. In three countries, managers who did not receive the training courses were found to have between 2.4 and 8.3 times more management deficiencies than those who received the training. No studies that aimed to investigate interventions to keep district health workers in their jobs have been found. Other interventions that might be promising candidates for hiring and retaining (e.g., government laws, professional support programs, and in-service workshops) as well as training health systems managers have not been investigated. More research is needed to assess the effectiveness of these interventions in diverse settings.
We included three studies that involved 123 people. The methods used for blinding the participants and researchers to the treatment group were not reported. There was no description of concealment of the randomization sequence in two studies. Out of the 123 people randomized and treated, six people died. The causes of death were pneumonia, pulmonary embolism, and septic shock. All three studies reported on deaths. There were no clear differences in deaths between treatment groups. The results of the three studies showed that people treated with surgery were less likely to have pneumonia, chest deformity, tracheostomy, and length of stay in the intensive care unit. However, the studies were too small to be able to detect a difference in mortality. The studies also measured the length of time spent on a breathing machine, duration of time on a ventilator, length of hospital stay, and adverse effects. We could not combine the results of these studies because of differences in reporting. We did not find any differences in chest pain, chest tightness, bodily pain, and side effects between the groups. There is some evidence from three small studies that showed surgery may be better than nonsurgical management in reducing the number of people who need to be treated with antibiotics. Further research is needed to confirm these results. This plain language summary has been written by a consumer Benjamin Gray, Service User and Service User Expert, Rethink Mental Illness. Email: [email protected]
Cerivastatin is a drug that lowers cholesterol and is used to lower blood lipid levels. This review of 50 trials found that it was as effective as fluvastatin, but was about 250-fold more potent and 20-fold stronger than atorvastat. It was also more potent than rosuvastatis, but not as strong as fluvia. We did not find any evidence that it had an effect on HDL cholesterol. We judged the certainty of evidence for these effects to be high. There was a high risk of bias in 19 of the trials due to adverse effects, but a low risk for lipid measurements. Withdrawals due to side effects were the same in all the trials. We could not assess harms because of the short duration of the studies and the lack of reporting of side effects. The evidence is up to date as of April 2015.
We included 28 studies which randomised a total of 6851 patients. The evidence is current to September 2015. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom and the United States of America. We found that remote ischaemic preconditioning by cuff inflation did not reduce the risk of renal ischaemia reperfusion injury in patients undergoing major heart and vascular surgery in which the kidneys were damaged. However, it probably leads to little or no difference in serum creatinine levels, adverse effects, need for dialysis, length of hospital stay, death and in the incidence of acute kidney injury. Serious adverse events occurred in four patients receiving remote iliac clamping. The certainty of the evidence was moderate for all outcomes except for adverse events, which were of low certainty. The available data does not confirm the efficacy of this intervention.
We included 12 trials with 703 participants in this review. Eight trials primarily investigated the efficacy in treating PSF, of which six studies (244 participants) provided data suitable for meta-analysis. Five pharmacological interventions: fluoxetine, enerion, (-)-OSU6162, citicoline, and a combination of Chinese herbs; and two non-pharmacological interventions (two non-drug interventions: fatigue education and a stress reduction programme) reduced fatigue in people with stroke. The fatigue severity was lower in people who received these interventions than in those who did not. Four trials (248 participants) did not explore the efficacy on PSF. None of these studies showed any benefit on reducing fatigue. There was no evidence on the efficacy of any intervention to treat or prevent PSF after stroke. Trials to date have been small and varied, and some have had a high risk of bias. Some of the interventions described in the review were feasible, but their efficacy should be investigated in RCTs with a more robust study design and adequate sample sizes.
We identified three randomised controlled trials, enrolling 74 preterm infants. The sample sizes of the three trials were very small with 12 (Malone 1991), 19 (Singh 2002) and 40 infants enrolled. The intervention and the outcome assessments could not be blinded to the clinical staff in two trials. One study (Hu 1999) found that the combination of insulin and glucose was better than cation-exchange resin for reducing mortality. In the other two trials (Hu 1991 and Singh 2002), the incidence of haemorrhage was significantly reduced. No serious side effects were noted with either type of treatment. In one trial (NNTB 1999), albuterol inhalation changed serum K+ from four hours after the start of treatment to eight hours after treatment. There were no differences noted in death or other clinical outcomes. No firm conclusions can be made from the limited information from these trials. It appears that, compared to rectal cation resins, the combination is superior to treatment with rectal resins for the treatment of high blood pressure in preterm babies. The two interventions could possibly be tested against each other. Other interventions (diuretics, exchange transfusion, peritoneal dialysis) have not been tested.
This review of trials found evidence that IVIg started within two weeks of onset of disease hastens recovery compared with supportive care alone. There was no difference in the number of people who were able to walk or talk after four weeks. There were also no differences between the two treatments in any of the other measures considered. In children, according to low quality evidence, IVIG probably hastens the time taken for the disease to recover as much as PE. In adults, there was no evidence that PE hastened recovery as much. There are no trials in children. More research is needed in mild disease and in patients whose treatment starts more than two weeks after the onset. Dose-ranging studies are also needed. One is in progress and one is still ongoing.
We included 28 randomized clinical trials, involving a total of 9330 participants. In 21 of these trials, 7597 participants were randomly assigned to a high fraction of inspired oxygen versus a routine fraction of oxygen. In trials with a low risk of bias, the risk of dying was not increased by a high percentage of inspired air. Similarly, a high amount of oxygen was not associated with an increased risk of death from any cause. In a trial with a high risk of random errors, the number of participants was too small to detect an increase in death rates. In all trials, the quality of evidence was low or very low. A high fraction was found to be no more or no less likely to be harmful than a routine amount of air. In nine trials using preoperative antibiotics, the use of high amounts of oxygen resulted in a lower risk of surgical site infections. We did not observe an effect of a high volume of oxygen on any other subgroup analyses. We conclude that the overall quality of the evidence was very low for all outcomes. The evidence is up-to-date as of August 2018.
We found 25 randomised controlled trials (3663 children) covering a range of antibiotics, participants, outcome measures and time points for evaluation. Two trials did not report on any of the outcomes of interest, leaving 23 trials (3258 children) for inclusion. We found moderate quality evidence (six trials including 484 children) showing that children treated with oral antibiotics are more likely to have complete resolution of OME at two to three months post-randomisation. However, we also found evidence (five trials, 742 children) that these children were more likely (albeit of low quality) to have diarrhoea, vomiting or skin rash. In terms of other secondary outcomes, we found conflicting results. None of the trials reported data on speech, language, cognitive development or quality of life. Low quality evidence did not show that oral antibiotics were associated with a decrease in the rate of ventilation tube insertion (two trials, 121 children) or in tympanic membrane (one trial, 103 children). It should be noted, however, that we excluded studies with high risk of bias (where there is a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way the study was carried out) when we excluded these studies. The impact of antibiotics on short-term hearing is uncertain. Furthermore, there were no data on other outcomes such as speech and language and cognitive development, or on the impact of oral antibiotics on overall well-being. This review presents both benefits and harms associated with the use of antibiotics to treat children up to 16 years with OME. This has to be balanced against the development of bacteria that can cause serious side effects.
This review found that reducing protein intake appears to slightly slow progression to renal failure in patients with type 1 diabetes, but not statistically significantly so. We found no data on the effects of LPDs on quality of life and costs. The results of this review need to be interpreted with caution because of the wide variation in the level of protein intake and compliance of patients with both type 1 and type 2 diabetes. Further longer-term research is needed to answer these questions. Trials are required of different types of protein.
We found 19 studies involving 3480 people. Twelve studies were of good methodological quality and seven were of lower quality, according to our scoring system. Within the subgroup of predominantly mild brain injury, we found that most people made a good recovery when they were provided with appropriate information and advice, without the need for further specific interventions. For those with moderate to severe injury, there was evidence to support the use of formal rehabilitation programmes, and there was some evidence to suggest that commencing rehabilitation early after injury results in better outcomes. Intensive rehabilitation appears to lead to earlier gains, and earlier intervention whilst still in hospital and acute care has been supported. The balance between intensity and cost-effectiveness has yet to be determined. Group-based rehabilitation (where patients receive neuropsychological rehabilitation in a therapeutic environment with a peer group of individuals who are also facing similar challenges) is an effective approach for patients with severe brain injury. The use of specialist in-patient rehabilitation, and specialist multi-disciplinary community rehabilitation, provide additional functional gains, but these results should be viewed with caution because of the particular practical and ethical restraints placed on the choice of treatment for severely affected individuals for whom there are no realistic alternatives to specialist intervention. In the future, such questions will need to be considered alongside practice-based evidence gathered from large systematic cohort studies in the context of routine clinical practice. For example, trial-based literature does not tell us which treatments work best for which over the long term, and which models of service represent value for money. Not all questions can be addressed by randomised controlled trials or other experimental approaches.
We included one randomised controlled trial (involving 176 women) in this review. This trial compared rooming-in versus separate care. The trial compared four groups of women who were assigned to two different groups. We combined three of the groups (rooming-in) and the fourth group (separate care) as a pair-wise comparison. We found no difference found between the groups in the duration of any breastfeeding. The authors reported that the average duration of breastfeeding was four months. There was no difference between the two groups for the proportion of infants who were exclusively breastfed at six months of age. The mean number of breastfeeds per day on day four postpartum was 8.3 (standard deviation (SD) 2.2), slightly higher than the separate care group, i.e. 7 times per day. However, the authors did not report the number of infants that were breastfed seven times a day. The rate of exclusive breastfeeding before discharge from hospital was 86% (99 of 115) (SD 1.92; 95% CI 1.34 to 2.76) (one trial, 153 women). None of our other pre-specified secondary outcomes were reported. The evidence was of low or very low quality. This means that we cannot be certain of the results. There is a need for further well-designed studies to investigate the benefits and harms of full mother-infant separation.
We found eight trials involving 660 participants. Seven of the eight studies were of poor quality. Follow-up time was less than one month in six trials. Only two trials provided data for the number of participants who died or were dependent on others at the end of 28 days of treatment. Pooled analysis of seven trials indicated a significant decrease in the rate of death and dependency in the sanchi group. Data were limited in respect of stroke recurrence and quality of life. Pooling the results of seven of the seven trials, we found that participants who had had a stroke may have had a greater improvement in their ability to think and move than those who did not have a stroke. Few side effects were reported. The total case fatality rate was lower than 1% indicating that people had mild strokes. Sanchi appears to be a safe treatment for acute ischaemic stroke. More well-designed randomised controlled trials are required.
This review aimed to assess the benefits and disadvantages of the timing of implant placement in tooth extractions. The review found that there is no evidence to support or refute the use of implants placed in fresh tooth extraction sockets immediately after tooth extraction. However, there is some evidence that implants placed just after extraction may be more likely to fail and to cause more complications than those placed 5 years after the extraction. There is not enough evidence to determine the advantages or disadvantages of immediate, immediate-delayed or delayed implants, therefore these preliminary conclusions are based on few underpowered trials, often judged to be at high risk of bias.
We found two randomised controlled trials of clioquinol (PBT1) in people with mild Alzheimer's dementia. One trial compared PBT1 with placebo in 36 patients and 32 had sufficient data for analysis. There was no difference between the two groups in cognition at 36 weeks. The second trial of PBT2, which was more rigorously conducted, found that after 12 weeks of treatment this drug appeared to be safe and to be well tolerated. We have some concerns about the quality of the study methodology; there was a higher mean pre-morbid IQ in the PBT group and there was an imbalance in treatment and control groups after randomisation. The planned trial has been abandoned. The drug has been withdrawn from the market. There is an absence of evidence as to whether PBT 1 has any clinical benefit for patients with AD, or whether it is safe. Larger trials are now required to demonstrate the effects of this drug on cognition.
We included 36 studies with 2999 participants. Trials were conducted for 14 weeks on average, with some as long as 12 months. Nineteen trials included children. PDE5 inhibitors appear to have clear beneficial effects in group 1 PAH. There was an increased risk of adverse events such as headache, gastrointestinal upset, flushing and joint pain. There is no evidence of a difference in the number of deaths. There were limited data on other PAH-specific therapies (e.g. endothelin receptor antagonists (ERAs)). In those with PH-LHD there were reduced odds of an improvement in WHO functional class (a measure of lung function), and those using PDE- inhibitors walked 34 metres further than those on placebo, but there was no clear difference in death. The quality of the evidence was low due to imprecision, inconsistency, and small number of trials.
We included 22 trials involving a total of 2193 participants who received regional anaesthesia for hand, wrist, forearm, or elbow surgery. This review provides evidence that multiple-injection techniques for axillary plexus block are more effective than either double or single injection techniques. However, there was not enough evidence to draw any definitive conclusions about the safety of these techniques. The quality of the evidence was high for the reduction in failure of the anaesthesia to work, and for the time taken for the patient to be ready for surgery.
We found three studies that evaluated the effects of beclomethasone for children with asthma. All three studies were conducted in children with mild-moderate asthma. These studies lasted a maximum of 54 weeks. In all three studies, the growth of the children was significantly reduced. The average decrease in growth was 1.54 cm per year (95% confidence interval -1.15 to 1.94). We are unable to comment on the growth effects of other inhaled steroids that may have less systemic effects. If inhaled steroid drugs are needed to control a child's asthma, we recommend using the minimum dose that effectively controls the child’s asthma and closely following growth.
This review found that APD has not been shown to be superior to CAPD in terms of important clinical outcomes. APD may, however, be considered advantageous in select group of patients such as in the younger PD population and those who are more likely to be employed or have a better quality of life due to its psychosocial advantages. There is a need for a large randomised controlled trial (RCT) comparing CAPD with APD with sufficiently large patient numbers to clarify the relative clinical and cost-effectiveness.
This review of 37 trials (9312 patients) found that CRT was superior to RT in terms of overall survival (OS) and progression-free survival (PFS) but not SM.  CRT also prevented progression/relapse in early and advanced stages (I-II) of the disease.  However, CRT seems to be better than CT for early stage (II to III) HD patients.  RT alone gives a higher overall SM risk than CRT. SM risk was higher with CRT, but not significant for early stages alone. This effect, also seen in AL and ST separately, was due directly to first-line treatment. For advanced stages of HD (IV to VI), CRT better prevents progression/reaction but CT alone seems to cause less SM. Reduced SM risk after IF-RT and EF-RT could not be demonstrated. Due to the large number of studies excluded due to no IPD, to the inclusion of many outdated treatments and to the limited amount of long-term data, one must be cautious in applying these results to current therapies.
We found 26 studies with 27 treatment groups that enrolled a total of 4893 participants. Twenty five of the studies were case series or uncontrolled long-term trial continuations, and the other was an RCT comparing two opioids. Opioids were given orally (12 studies, 3040 patients), transdermally (5 studies, 1628 people), or intrathecally (10 studies, 231 people). Many patients stopped taking opioids due to side effects (22.9% [95% CI: 15.3% to 32.8%], transdermal (12.1% [ 95% CI; 4.9%) to 27.0%], or insufficient pain relief (10.3%, CI: 7.6% to 13.9%). However, weak evidence suggests that patients who are able to continue to take opioids for a long time experience pain relief. Whether quality of life or functioning improves is unclear. Findings regarding side effects were inconclusive. Many minor adverse events (like nausea and headache) occurred, but serious side effects, including iatrogenic opioid addiction, were rare. Signs of addiction were reported in 0.27% of people in the studies that reported that outcome. All three modes of administration reduced pain, but the amount of pain relief varied among studies. We found insufficient evidence to be able to draw any conclusions about side effects.
We found only one trial with 212 participants, all with spinal cord injury and open pressure ulcers. This trial compared oxandrolone (20 mg/day, administered orally) with a placebo (an inactive substance consisting of 98% starch and 2% magnesium stearate). The trial was stopped early when the results of the study authors (interim analysis) showed no benefit over placebo for ulcer healing. There was very low-certainty evidence on the complete healing of ulcers at the end of a 24-week treatment period. The certainty of the evidence was downgraded from high to very low because of imprecision. We are uncertain whether anabolic steroids help to improve the healing of pressure ulcer wounds. We also assessed the risk of side effects as very low quality evidence. Of the five serious side effects reported, none were classed by the trial teams as being related to the treatment. We were unable to assess pain, length of hospital stay, change in wound size or wound surface area (change in wound surface), incidence of different type of infection, the cost of treatment and quality of life. Overall, we judged the certainty of evidence to be very low. There is no high quality evidence to support the use of anabolic steroid drugs for the treatment of pain ulcers in adults. We need more well-designed, multicenter trials, at low risk of bias, to assess the effect of these drugs on the healing process. This plain language summary has been written by a consumer Ben Gray, Service User and Service User Expert, Rethink Mental Illness. Email: [email protected]
We included six randomised controlled trials involving 8372 people in this review. Four trials compared email communication to standard mail and two compared it to 'usual care'. All trials were judged to be at high risk of bias. The evidence on the use of email for the prevention of disease and health promotion was weak and inadequate to guide clinical practice. No data were reported on healthcare professionals or harms. The available trials mostly provide inconclusive or no evidence for outcomes of interest. Future research needs to take advantage of the most recent developments in information technology, with consideration of the complex nature of email as an intervention. This plain language summary has been written by a consumer Ben Gray, Senior Peer Researcher, McPin Foundation. http://mcpin.org/
The review includes 11 trials involving 855 participants. A total of nine studies used the addition of postural restrictions as their treatment for BPPV. There was no evidence of a difference in the results for post-treatment vertigo intensity, subjective assessment of improvement in individual or pooled data. Pooled data identified a significant difference in frequency of Dix-Hallpike test conversion in the Epley manoeuvre alone. In the experimental group 88.7% (220 out of 248) patients and 78.2% (219 out of 280) in the control group had a positive to a negative conversion of the test. All nine trials included the conversion of a negative to a positive test as an outcome measure. No serious adverse effects were reported. However, three studies reported minor complications such as neck stiffness, horizontal bPPV, dizziness, and disequilibrium (poor balance) in some patients. There is no evidence to support the routine application of mastoid oscillation, or of extra steps in an 'augmented', or 'adrenaline pumped' version of EpleY manoeuvre. Neither treatment has been shown to be associated with adverse outcomes.
This review included four studies with a total of 231 participants. The studies compared different types of surgery and different types and doses of steroids. There were three comparison pairs: (1) surgical versus systemic steroids (one study, 109 participants), (2) surgical vs non-surgical (two studies, 87 participants), and (3) ESS plus topical steroid versus antibiotics plus high-dose topical steroid). All participants also received topical steroids, but doses and types of these were the same between the treatment arms of each study. In two of the studies, the authors failed to report the outcomes of interest. Although there were some differences in the types of treatments and the comparisons used in these studies, there were similar results. The quality of the evidence is low or very low. There was no evidence that one type of treatment was better than another. Complication rates were not reported in all studies. Epistaxis was the most common complication with both medical and surgical treatments, with severe complications reported rarely. No differences were found for any measurements or olfactory tests in those studies in which they were measured. No studies reported recurrence rates. As the overall evidence is of very low quality, we are unable to draw firm conclusions. Further research to investigate this problem is justified. The evidence does not show that one treatment is better than the other in terms of patient-reported symptom scores or quality of life.
We included eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 709 participants. Seven of the trials were from middle-income countries of Asia, Africa, Europe, and Latin America, where zinc deficiency is likely to be a public health problem. Four of the eight trials compared zinc-fortified staple foods with unfortified foods. The interventions lasted between one and nine months. None of the studies in comparison 1 reported data on zinc deficiency. We found that foods fortified with zinc increased the serum or plasma zinc levels by 2.12 µmol/L (3 studies; 158 participants; low-quality evidence) compared to foods without zinc. We did not find a difference in the proportion of people consuming foods with zinc plus other nutrients/factors when compared with the same foods with micronutrients but without zinc (4 studies; 250 participants; no-evidence). No trial in comparison 2 provided data on underweight or stunting (2 studies; 397 participants). A single trial of zinc to iron in wheat flour did not show a reduction in the percentage of people with zinc deficiency (4 trials; 250 people; very low quality evidence). We found no evidence of any adverse effects of zinc fortification of foods on indicators of iron or copper status. There was no reported adverse effect of zinc on other outcomes, such as children’s growth, cognition, work capacity of adults, or blood tests. We rated the quality of the evidence as low or very low for most outcomes. The evidence is up-to-date as of August 2018.
We included 11 studies involving 3060 men with metastatic prostate cancer. The evidence is current to September 2015. The review found that use of non-steroidal antiandrogen monotherapy compared with medical or surgical castration monotherapy for advanced prostate cancer is less effective in terms of overall survival, clinical progression, treatment failure and treatment discontinuation due to side effects. The risk of side effects, such as breast pain, gynaecomastia and hot flashes, was increased when men with advanced but non-metastatic disease were treated with antiandrogens monotherapy. The quality of evidence was rated as moderate for overall survival and clinical progression. Evidence quality was downgraded because of risk of bias in the included studies.
We found eight eligible trials that included 600,000 women in the analyses. Three trials with adequate randomisation did not show a reduction in breast cancer deaths at 13 years. Four trials with suboptimal randomisation showed that breast cancer mortality had been reduced by 15% after 10 years. We found that the risk of death from breast cancer was higher in the screened groups than in the non-screened groups. The use of radiotherapy was similar in the two groups and there was no difference in the use of chemotherapy. The trials did not find an effect of screening on total cancer deaths or on all-cause mortality. The number of lumpectomies (lumpectomy) and mastectomies were higher in women who had been screened, as were the number of breastctomies. The risk of overdiagnosis (overdiagnosis) and overtreatment (overtreatment) was 30% in women screened. For every 2000 women invited for screening throughout 10 years, one will die of breast cancer and 10 healthy women will be treated unnecessarily. More than 200 women, who would not have been diagnosed if there had been screening, will suffer psychological distress for years because of false positive findings. We have written a leaflet for lay people to help them decide whether or not to attend screening. The leaflet is available in several languages on www.cochrane.dk.
We included four studies, with a total of 522 women, in the review. Three studies investigated 10,000 units of hCG priming compared to no priming. One study investigated 20,000 unit hCG compared to the same amount of priming, and the fourth study investigated 400 women. One of these studies did not report on outcomes per woman, and so was not included in formal analysis. We found no conclusive evidence that priming had an effect on live birth, pregnancy, or miscarriage rates. There was low quality evidence that suggested that hCG may reduce the chance of having a clinical pregnancy, but these findings were limited by the small number of data included. No data were available on adverse events (other than miscarriage) or drug reactions. We need further studies with well-designed RCTs before we can be certain about the benefits and harms of primers. The quality of the evidence was low. The main limitations were lack of blinding and imprecision. We rated all four studies as having an unclear risk of bias in more than one of the seven domains assessed.
The review of trials found that both ERT and HRT do not prevent cognitive decline in older postmenopausal women, when given as short-term (up to five years) or long-term therapy. It is not known whether ERT or HRT have specific effects in subgroups of women, although there was some evidence of a decrement in a number of memory tests and a small improvement in a test of figural memory. There is not enough evidence to determine whether specific types of women who are less likely to have cognitive decline could benefit from treatment. It remains to be determined whether factors such as younger age, type of menopause, and type of treatment (type of estrogen with or without a progestagen), mode of delivery (transdermal, oral or in the muscle) and dosage can have positive effects at a clinically relevant level. Large RCTs currently underway in the USA may be able to provide answers to these questions by the year 2010.
We included two studies with 880 participants. Both studies lasted 12 weeks. We identified one ongoing trial with planned recruitment of 80 participants. They were published as full articles, and neither study was at low risk of bias in all domains. We are uncertain whether once-daily ICS/LABA, combined in one inhaler, is better than LAMA for treatment of people with COPD. We found very low-quality evidence from two studies that we could not include in this review. The studies were small and of short duration, so we are uncertain about the results. We did not find enough evidence to show that one inhaled inhaler was better than the other in terms of lung function, symptoms, or side effects. We also found no evidence that one type of inhaler had a better side effect profile than another. We do not have enough evidence from one study to say which inhaler is the best for COPD treatment. More research is needed to answer this question.
We found four short-term studies that compared the effectiveness and safety of two different drugs (fluoxetine and clomipramine) and three different psychotherapies (CBT) in patients with BDD. The results of these studies suggest that these drugs may be effective in the treatment of BDD, but further research is needed to confirm these findings. The findings of this review need to be replicated. In addition, future studies in other groups of people, such as adolescents, and using other selective SRIs, as well as a range of psychological therapies (alone and in combination), are essential in supplementing the sparse data currently available.
This review identified three trials that examined cotrimoxazole prophylaxis in adults. In the small trials included in this review, we found that when compared to a rechallenge (where the drug is re-taken) protocol, cotsroxazolamide desensitization resulted in fewer patients stopping treatment and fewer adverse reactions to the drug. There was no evidence of severe adverse reactions for either protocol. Further trials are urgently needed for the treatment of opportunistic infections, treating-through, and adjunctive medications, as well as for the use of different doses of the drug, with different durations of dosing, and different dosing schedules. This plain language summary has been written by a consumer: http://mcpin.org/
We included in the review three trials enrolling 148 neonates. We identified no new trials for this update. We considered these trials to be of moderate quality according to GRADE assessment. Using different sedation scales, each study showed higher sedation levels in the midazolam group than in the placebo group. We could not assess the effect of the sedation on death, length of NICU stay, adequacy of analgesia, prematurity pain profile (PIPP) scores and adverse neurological events at 28 days' after birth. We found no evidence to support the use of intravenous (given into the vein) midazoleam for the treatment of preterm infants. The quality of the included trials was moderate.
We found 12 trials involving 767 participants. There was no evidence of benefit for antibiotics in NTS diarrhoea in otherwise healthy people. A slightly higher number of adverse events were noted in people who were treated with antibiotics. Non-severe adverse drug reactions were more common among the patients who received antibiotics. We are uncertain of the effects in very young people, very old people, and people with severe and extraintestinal disease.
We included 23 studies (n = 4192) in this review. Twenty studies that were available as conference proceedings only are awaiting classification. The participants were heterogeneous in terms of their age, gender, main diagnosis, setting, country, sepsis criteria, year of publication, and origin of infection, among other factors. We considered all of the studies to be at high risk of bias due to issues related to the test domain in QUADAS-2. The studies were of variable quality. We found that the studies varied greatly in the types of patients and the way they were diagnosed. We could not combine the data from individual studies due to differences in the way the studies were carried out. The results of the review should be interpreted with caution due to the limitations described above. If we test a cohort of 1000 adult patients who are suspected of sepsIS with IL-6, we will find that 330 of these patients would be wrongly considered to have a positive test result, while 130 would not be wrongly diagnosed. In addition, 370 out of 1000 patients would avoid unnecessary antibiotics, and 170 patients would have been undiagnosed. The conclusions of this review will likely change once the 20 studies pending publication are fully published and included.
We included 29 randomised controlled trials (5718 participants) in this review. Four trials compared wound dressings with no wound dressing. The remaining 25 studies compared alternative dressing types, with the majority of them comparing a basic wound contact dressing with film dressings, silver dressings or hydrocolloid dressings. All studies except one were at an unclear or high risk of bias. Studies were small, reported low numbers of wound infections, and were often not clearly reported. There were 16 trials that included people who had wounds resulting from surgery with a 'clean' classification. Five trials included people undergoing 'clean/contaminated' surgery, and the remaining five studies included people having a variety of surgical procedures with different classifications. We summarise the results of comparisons below. We assessed the certainty of evidence as very low for most comparisons (and low for others), with downgrading (according to the GRADE criteria) largely due to risks of bias and imprecision. We are uncertain whether wound exposure or any dressings reduce or increase the risk of SSI compared with alternative options investigated. There was limited and low or very low certainty evidence on outcomes such as scarring, pain, and acceptability of dressing. There is uncertainty as to whether any particular wound dressing is more effective than others in reducing the risk for SSI, improving scarring and pain, improving pain, or is easier to remove. Most of the studies were small and at a high or unclear risk for bias.
We included two randomised controlled trials. One trial compared oral 100 microgram (µg) selenium yeast tablets with placebo, taken from the first trimester until birth. The trial randomised 179 women, but outcome data were only provided for 85. Eighty-three women were randomised to each arm of the trial. Sixty-one women completed the placebo arm, 44 of whom completed a postnatal depression scale. There was a high risk of attrition bias (a high risk that women dropping out of the study) due to a large number of women withdrawing from the study or not completing an EPDS. This study (n = 85) found that women were more likely to complete a self-report EPDS (a questionnaire that asks women to rate how well they are coping with depression) if they received oral 100 µg of seenium. The other trial (n of 126 women) compared supplements with placebo. Women received supplements or placebo at a gestational age of 12 to 20 weeks from recruitment up to their final review visit. The women who were found to have major depressive disorder, bipolar disorder, current substance abuse or dependence, suicidal ideation or schizophrenia at recruitment were excluded from the studies. Women who discontinued the intervention (five in the EPA arm, four in the DHA arm, and seven in the placebo group) were included in the intention-to-treat analysis. While those who were lost to follow up were not, they were not part of the analysis. No benefit was found for EPA-rich fish oil (MD 0.70, 95% CI -1.78 to 3.18) or DHA-rich Fish oil supplementation (MD -0.20, CI -2.61 to 2.21). No difference was found in the effect on postpartum depression when EPA was compared with DHA. This included study did not report on any of the secondary outcomes of this review. There is currently no
We identified 11 studies that evaluated different doses of anthracycline in people with solid tumours. Seven of the 11 studies were randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared different doses. We found that an infusion duration of six hours or longer, compared to a shorter infusion duration, reduces the risk of heart failure. This review also found that a longer infusion duration (six hours or more) reduced the risk for heart failure, and it seems to reduce the chance of heart damage. We did not find a difference in the number of people who developed heart failure in people treated with a doxorubicin dose of less than 60 mg/m2 or a dose of 60 mg or more. However, we could not make any conclusions about the occurrence of cardiotoxicity due to the small number of studies. There is only a small amount of data for children and data obtained in adults cannot be extrapolated to children. We recommend that more high-quality research is needed, both in children and adults, and in leukaemias and solid tumour.
We included 37 studies with a total of 3110 participants in this review. Most studies included both adults and children with TBI. The duration of hypothermia therapy and the duration of follow-up in the studies varied between studies. We did not pool the results of the studies, and we did not perform a meta-analysis. Thirty-three studies reported on deaths, 31 studies on unfavourable outcomes (death, coma or disability) and 14 studies on pneumonia. We judged the quality of the evidence to be very low for each outcome and downgraded the evidence for the pneumonia outcome to low. The studies were poorly reported. We were unable to assess risk of bias adequately. Heterogeneity was evident both in the study designs and participant inclusion. Inconsistencies in results may be explained by differences among study participants or by differences in the way the studies were conducted. Further research is needed.
We found three studies, involving 519 people with depression. The studies were very diverse in terms of interventions, participants, and measuring instruments. Despite fairly good methodological quality and positive findings of some studies, the overall quality of the evidence was low or moderate. The results of the studies did not support the use of family therapy for depression. There is a need for more high quality research in this area.
This review included three trials involving a total of 206 participants. All participants were patients with vascular dementia. All three included studies were assessed as being at high risk of bias. When analysing these trials together, there was no evidence to support the use of Duxil for dementia. Behaviour and death at the end of treatment and follow up were not reported from the included trials. Two trials failed to show an improvement of functional performance measured by ADL. Of the three included trials, all described the adverse events in detail, but there were no significant differences across the trials. There were no data on Behaviour disturbance, quality of life, or caregiver burden. Due to the low methodological quality of the trials, small number of trials, and probable publication bias, this review did not provide sufficient evidence to recommend the routine use of this drug for the treatment of patients with dementia. High-quality trials are needed to confirm or refute these results.
We found seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) including 960 participants. The quality of trials was generally low, with several studies at risk of selection bias, and no studies used blinding during treatment or outcome assessment. We found limited evidence that insertion of a drain reduced the risk of seroma formation and the number of post-operative seroma aspirations. There was no difference in the incidence of lymphoedema. The average difference in length of hospital stay was 1.47 days greater in the drained population. There were no significant differences in infection rates between the two groups. A mean difference of 0.79 fewer postoperative aspiration attempts were found in the drain population. No significant difference was found in volume of aspiration aspirations. The incidence of haematoma was not different between the groups, with only five instances in two trials. The overall quality of the evidence was low.
We found eight studies with 390,769 participants. Five studies used a prospective cohort design, two were case-control studies and one a randomised controlled trial (RCT). The evidence for total flavonoid intake and the risk of colorectal neoplasms was mixed. The results form the studies assessing the association between flavonoids, coloroblastoma (a cancer of the colon) and adenomas were also mixed. There was no evidence that there was any evidence to support the use of high levels of Isoflavones, Flavan-3-ols, Flavonols, or Flavones and Flavanones in the diet. However, the results from two studies suggested that increased intake of Flavan 3-ols reduced the risk from both colorocontal cancer and colorctal adenoma. A statistically significant risk of CRC was found with high intake of epicatechin. The quality of the evidence for procyanidin, phytoestrogen, and anthocyanin was moderate. There is insufficient and conflicting evidence on the association of total and flavonoidal intake with coloreCT. More evidence is needed.
We included seven trials with a total of 1369 participants in this review. Five trials used our first definition of slow responders, and three other trials (including one that used both) used the second. None of the trials mentioned our primary outcomes. However, we found that extending the treatment period from 48 weeks to 72 weeks increased the number of patients who had a sustained virological response. The length of treatment did not affect the number who had to be treated for 72 weeks. The number of people who relapsed was found to be lower in the groups that had been treated 72 weeks using both definitions. There was no reporting of deaths and the reporting of clinical outcome and adverse events was insufficient. More data are needed in order to recommend or reject the treatment of HCV genotype 1 infected patients in whom HCV RNA was still detectable after 12 weeks of treatment, and in whom it became negative after 24 weeks.
We found only two studies that met the inclusion criteria of this review. Both studies assessed the accuracy of EUS in people with pancreatic cancer found to have resectable disease on CT scan. There was low concerns about applicability for most domains in both studies. The overall risk of bias was low in one study, and unclear or high in the second. The mean probability of unresectable disease was 60.5%, which means that 61 out of 100 patients who had cancer on the CT scan had cancer that could not be removed on laparotomy. This means that 13% of people (95% CI 3% to 39%) with positive EUS (EUS indicating the cancer could be removed) and 20% (5.1% to 53.7%) of people with negative EUS have cancer that was not removed. There is no evidence to suggest that it should be performed routinely.
This review identified 34 studies (2169 participants with blepharitis) that compared medical interventions and commercial products (e.g. topical steroids, oral antibiotics, warm compresses, etc.) with each other or with no treatment. There was no strong evidence for any of the treatments in terms of curing chronic blephaemia. Lid hygiene may provide symptomatic relief for both anterior and posterior blephaeritis. Topical antibiotics were shown to be effective in relieving symptoms and eradicating some bacteria from the eyelid margin. However, there was not enough evidence to be sure of the effectiveness of other treatments. There is a need for more research in this area. More research is needed to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of medical and commercial interventions. It is important that patients be followed for at least one year to assess chronic outcomes.
We included one trial with a total of 23 participants. This study was at high risk of bias. None of our primary outcomes were measured in the study and only one of our secondary outcomes (reduction in volume of disease) was measured. There was no difference between the groups. Adverse effects were reported in one child with severe RRP who required an airway tube insertion. The quality of the evidence was very low. There is not enough evidence to determine if photodynamic therapy changes the course of disease or provides an added benefit to surgery in patients with RRP. Multicentre randomised controlled trials are needed to evaluate the benefits and harms of photodynamic treatment. Outcomes such as improvement in symptoms, voice quality, and quality of life should be measured in future trials.
We identified 42 studies with 4220 participants. Twenty studies provided accuracy data based on the number of individual participants. Sixteen of these studies assessed the accuracy of CDUS. These studies were of moderate to low quality. In six (40%) of the studies, the delay between the tests was unclear or longer than four weeks. In eight (50%), the blinding of either the index test or the reference standard was not clearly reported or was not performed. In two studies (12%), the interpretation of the reference test was not clear. Eleven studies evaluated the accurate use of CE-CDUS. Five (45%) studies fulfilled all the quality assessment items. Four (36%) studies did not clearly report clearly the blinding interpretation of reference standard; and two (18%) did not report the time between the two tests. Based on the results of 20 studies, we found that CDUS was superior to CDUS in terms of sensitivity. Seven studies provided results before and after the use of contrast. Sensitivity before contrast was 0.67 (95% CI 0.47 to 0.83) for CDUS and after contrast was 1.0242 (P < 0.001) for model improvement. The improvement in sensitivity with of contrast use was statistically significant. When regression testing was applied to the individual based CDUS studies, none of the items, namely direction of the study design, quality, and age, were identified as a source of heterogeneity. Twenty-two studies provided information on number of scans performed (of which four provided data with and without use of the contrast). Analysis of the results from the studies that provided scan based data showed similar results. In an endoleak surveillance programme, CE- CDUS can be introduced as a routine diagnostic modality followed by CT scan only when the ultrasound is positive and the subsequent therapeutic management. This review demonstrates that both ultrasound modalities (with or without contrast) showed high specificity for ruling in endoleaks.
We found seven studies, with 766 participants, which compared sterile water with saline water. The evidence is current to September 2015. All seven studies reported on low back pain in labour only. We found little robust evidence that sterile water is effective for low back or any other labour pain. There was no significant difference between sterile water and saline water for rates of caesarean section, instrumental delivery, rescue analgesia, timing of delivery, or Apgar scores. No study reported on women's satisfaction with pain relief, women's sense of control in labour, women’s satisfaction with the childbirth experience, mother/baby interaction, rates of breastfeeding, maternal morbidity, infant long-term outcomes, or cost. No adverse events were reported other than transient pain with injection, which was worse with sterile water. Further large, methodologically rigorous studies are required to determine the efficacy of sterile water to relieve pain during labour. Methodological quality was good, but four studies were at high risk of bias due to small size of treatment groups, incomplete outcome data, and performance bias. The outcomes reported severely limit conclusions for clinical practice.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials with a total of 1932 participants that compared glue with sutures for hernia repair. The studies were conducted in a variety of countries. The evidence is current to January 2015. The results showed that glue may reduce chronic pain and reduce the risk of recurrence of hernia in the short term compared with suture. However, the results changed when we compared the type of mesh. The reduction of chronic pain was less profound and insignificant in the suture group compared with the glue group. Hernia recurrence was similar between the two groups. Fixation with glue was superior to suture regarding duration of the operation, haematoma, and recovery time to daily activities. We also investigated adverse events. For superficial wound infection pooled analyses showed OR 1.23, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.37 to 4.11; for mesh/deep infection OR 0.67. Furthermore, we investigated seroma (a swelling caused by fluid) and persisting numbness. Finally, six trials involving 1009 participants reported postoperative length of stay, resulting in non-significant difference between the groups. Due to the lack of data, it was impossible to draw any distinction between synthetic glue and biological glue. The quality of the evidence was moderate to low for most of the outcomes. Nearly half of the included trials either did not provide adequate information or had high risk of bias regarding blinding processes. Two trials did not report on some important outcomes. One study was funded by the manufacturer producing the fibrin sealant. Therefore, according to the 'Summary of findings' tables, the quality of evidence for the outcomes is moderate.
We found 32 studies addressing technical editing in biomedical journals. Only three of the studies were randomised controlled trials. There is some evidence that the 'package' of technical editing used by the journals does improve papers. However, there is no evidence to support the use of this approach. A substantial number of references in biomedical articles are wrongly cited or quoted inaccurately.
We included 15 studies including 721 participants with cancer pain due to diverse types of cancer. All studies were performed on adults; there were no studies on children. Most studies investigated the effect of a single dose of medication, while five used treatment periods of one, seven or 21 days. We found that codeine was more effective than placebo in reducing pain and reducing the intensity of cancer pain. There were no data for children. There was no information on side effects. The studies were small, of short duration, and most had significant shortcomings in reporting. We identified only a small amount of data in studies that were both randomised and double-blind. We judged the quality of the evidence to be moderate. The included studies were of adequate quality, but all except for one were judged to be at a high risk of bias because of small study size, and six because of methods used to deal with missing data.
This review identified 12 trials of 563 people with HbSS, HbSC or HbSβthal, aged six to 35 years old. The majority of participants were African-American. Interventions ranged from a total of one hour to weekly sessions for eight weeks. The duration of the interventions ranged from the start of treatment to 12 months after completion. The trials were conducted in a variety of settings. The overall risk of bias was low for selective reporting, unclear for random sequence generation, blinding of participants and blinding of outcome assessment. The quality of the evidence was moderate for patient knowledge, which improved further when a trial with high bias was removed. Caregiver knowledge also showed an improvement. The effect on patient knowledge was sustained at longer follow-up periods. However, the effect on caregiver knowledge was not sustained. There was no evidence of an effect on depression. No effects were seen on coping, family relationships or health-related quality of life of patients. No data were reported for patients or caregivers (or both) on the recognition of signs and symptoms of sickle cell disease leading to self-management. Data from two trials were analysed for the utilization of health services and found no effect. No effect was seen on the number of people who were able to cope with illness, family relationship, healthcare use and depression. We rated the quality of evidence as low for positive coping, moderate for child knowledge, healthcare usage and depression, and low for other outcomes. More research is likely to have an important impact on the estimate of effect and may change the estimates.
We included six studies with a total of 2411 participants. All six studies included adult participants between 16 and 80 years old, and treatment periods ranged from 7 to 16 weeks. Only one study included participants with both focal (head) and generalised onset seizures. The other five trials included participants only. All studies were of short duration. We judged two studies to have low risk of bias. One study failed to provide details on the method used for allocation concealment, and one did not report all outcomes that were planned in the trial protocol. One of the studies did not describe how blinding was maintained. Another study noted discrepancies in reporting. We found that people taking brivaracetam were more likely to have a 50% or greater reduction in their seizure frequency than those taking a placebo. They were also more likely than people taking placebo to reach seizure freedom. However, they were more than twice as likely to withdraw from treatment due to side effects. It is important to note that only one of the six included studies included people with focal onset seizures, and the other five studies only included those with focal seizures. None of the trials included people under the age of 16. Consequently, these findings apply mainly to people with drug-resistant focal epilepsy.
We included 38 studies, mostly from high-income countries, many of which looked at mothers' perceptions of vaccine communication. Some studies focused on the MMR vaccine. In general, parents wanted more information than they were getting. Lack of information led to worry and regret about vaccination decisions. Parents wanted balanced information, presented clearly and simply, and tailored to their situation. They wanted vaccination information to be available at a wider variety of places, including outside health services, and in good time before each vaccination appointment. They viewed health workers as an important source of information, and had specific expectations of the way in which they would interact with them. Parents' views of health workers and their perceptions of the information they were given affected their decisions about vaccination. Some parents found it difficult to trust which vaccination information they could trust. The amount of information parents wanted and the sources they felt could be trusted seemed to be linked to their acceptance of vaccination, with some parents who were more hesitant wanting more information. We have high or moderate confidence in many of the results. We found that most studies addressed at least one or two key aspects of communication, such as the provision of information prior to the vaccination appointment, and tailoring information to parents' needs. None of the studies appeared to respond to negative media stories or address parents’ perceptions of health worker motives. Further research, especially in low- to middle-income country settings, could strengthen the findings where we had low or very low confidence.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials, with a total of 599 anorexia nervosa participants. Seven had been included in the previous versions of this review, and we now include three new trials. Two of the 10 included children. Trials tested diverse psychological therapies and comparability was poor. Risks of bias were mostly evident through lack of blinded outcome assessments (in 60% of studies) and incomplete data reporting (attrition). The results suggest that treatment as usual (TAU) may be less efficacious than focal psychodynamic therapy. This was suggested for a primary outcome of recovery by achieving a good or intermediate score on the Morgan and Russell Scale. However, there were no differences between the two therapies for this outcome. The results also suggest that there may be no differences in body mass index (BMI) or dropout rates. Two trials found a non-specific specialist therapy (Specialist Supportive Clinical Management) or an Optimised TAU delivered by therapists with an eating disorder expertise was similar in outcomes to cognitive behaviour therapy. Dietary advice as a control arm had 100% non-completion rate in one trial. None of the trials found any adverse effects. Larger RCTs are needed. Insufficient power was problematic for the majority of trials.
The review included 516 participants from three randomised controlled trials. One study was conducted in the USA and consisted of two trials: the first trial randomized 151 adults to receive silicone oil or sulfur hexafluoride (SF6). The second trial randomized 271 adults to be treated with either silicone oil, perfluropropane gas (C3F8) gas, or sulfasalicylates. The third trial was a multi-centre trial and randomized 94 adults (age range not specified) to receive heavy silicone oil (a mixture of perfluorohexyl octane (F6H8) and silicone oil) versus standard silicone oil. All three trials were funded by the National Eye Institute. The first trial had a large number of participants excluded from the final analyses. The other two trials had low risk of bias. All trials appear to be free of reporting bias. None of the trials employed masking of the participants and surgeons, and only the third trial masked outcome assessors. The choice of a tamponade agent should be individualized for each patient. There were no major differences in outcomes between the two agents in terms of achieving at least 5/200 visual acuity at one year. In the first two trials, which had a power of 80% to detect differences, there was no difference between silicone oil and perfluoropropane gas. For macular attachment at two years, people treated with silicone oil received more favourable outcomes than did people who received sulphur hexaurea gas. There was no significant difference between the groups in the change in vision at one or two years. Adverse events were not reported for the first and third trials. For the third study, only the total number of adverse events was reported, and adverse events for each group were not specified. Of the 94 participants, four died, 26 had recurrent retinal detachment, 22 developed glaucoma, four developed a cataract, and
We included five randomised controlled trials (involving 1819 women) in this review. There was a lower risk of maternal deaths and severe morbidity for women randomised to receive planned early delivery (evidence graded high). There was no clear difference between groups based on our subgroup analysis of women by gestational age, gestational week, or condition. There were also no clear differences between groups for caesarean section or in the length of stay in hospital for the mother or the baby. Planned early delivery was associated with less risk of HELLP syndrome (low blood platelet count) and severe renal impairment (one study). We did not have enough information to be able to draw any conclusions about the effects of planned early birth on composite infant deaths or severe illness. The level of evidence was graded high (composite maternal death and morbidity), moderate (cochrane baby outcomes) and low (caesareans, duration of hospital stay after delivery for mother, and duration of stay after birth for baby). Where the evidence was downgraded, it was mostly because the confidence intervals were wide, crossing both the line of no effect and appreciable benefit or harm. No studies attempted to blind participants or clinicians to group allocation, potentially introducing bias as women and staff would have been aware of the intervention and this may have affected aspects of care and decision-making. Two fairly large, well-designed trials contributed the majority of the evidence. Other studies were at low or unclear risk of bias.
We found six studies (including 142 participants) comparing three-times-a-week prophylactic treatment with on-demand treatment in children and adults with hemophilia. Two of the studies were conducted in children, and three of the remaining four studies in adults. There is strong evidence from these studies to show that preventive treatment with clotting factor concentrate (prophylaxis) prevents bleeding and joint bleeds in patients with existing joint damage. The number of patients with preserved joints after three to seven years follow-up was not pooled due to differences between the studies. One study showed a decrease in joint bleed frequency in patients who were given prophyleptic drugs compared to a placebo. Two studies compared two different types of pre-dummy drugs, and failed to demonstrate an advantage of one regimen over the other. The fourth study evaluated the use of clotting factors with weekly (15 IU/kg) or bi-weekly (7.5 IU/g) treatment. There was insufficient evidence from randomised controlled trials to confirm the observational evidence to confirm that pre-treatment with clot-prevention drugs decreases bleeding and other complications. Non-significant increases in both inhibitor (drug) and infectious complications were observed in patients treated with pre-treatments.
We included 13 studies in this review. In total, 13 trials involving 1824 participants met the inclusion criteria for this review, however, data in usable format were only available in 10 of these studies (732 participants). We were unable to pool data for any of the outcomes due to the differences between the treatments assessed in the studies. In two out of three studies reporting survival, this was substantial but there was no difference between treatment groups. We found no evidence to support the use of less aggressive treatments for treatment of BL. This review shows a preference in more recent studies for less aggressive treatment options. However, the evidence is not strong as studies were small, underpowered and prone to both systematic error. We included one additional trial without change of conclusions.
This review found two studies involving 447 (with sample sizes of 14 and 432) RhD-negative women. In both studies the women received a 1500 IU (300 microgram) dose of Rhophylac (a drug) during week 28 of gestation. There was no incidence of RhD alloimmunizing in either of the studies, as the sample size was too small to be meaningful for meaningful comparison of this outcome. One of the two studies found that the mean anti-D IgG concentrations after IV and IM treatment differed up to seven days (36.1 (2.6) ng/mL IV and 19.8 (8.7) ng/mL IM) on day seven. However, from two to three weeks post-administration, the concentrations of IgG were similar for both methods. The choice of the route of administration of the drug will depend on the available preparations, the dose to be given and also on the patients' preferences. None of the women in the studies developed antibodies to the RhD antigen. It appears that there is no difference between the two routes of administration. Anti-D can be administered by injection or by injection. The number of included studies and the small number of participants are not enough to assess whether there are any differences.
This review included eight studies with a total of 21,379 patients with diabetes. Three studies compared ticlopidine to aspirin or placebo. Five studies compared clopidogrel to aspirin, a combination of aspirin and aspirin and dipyridamole, or to aspirin in combination with aspirin. The studies were of low risk of bias. The mean duration of the trials was from 365 days to 913 days. There were no data available from any of the studies on death from any cause, vascular or heart disease. Data for diabetes patients on all-cause deaths, vascular deaths and myocardial infarction was only available for one trial (355 patients). This trial did not show any significant differences for death due to any cause or death from a heart attack. Diabetes outcome data for stroke were available in three trials (31% of total patients). Overall pooling of two (statistically different) studies showed no reduction in the combination of fatal and non-fatal stroke (359/3194 (11.2% versus 356/3146) for ADP receptor antagonists versus the other antiplatelet drugs. The trials did not report outcomes for patients with and without diabetes separately. There was no information on peripheral vascular disease (blood clots), health-related quality of life, side effects specifically for diabetes, or costs. The review authors concluded that there is not enough evidence to support the use of ADP receptors to prevent CVD in people with diabetes mellitus.
We included ten trials with a total of 191 participants. Seven trials evaluated single treatment sessions, one evaluated a two-week treatment, one a six-week intervention, and one a three-month treatment. Six trials (151 people) evaluated non-invasive ventilation for airway clearance compared with a chest physiotherapy method, such as the 'active cycle of breathing techniques' or the 'positive expiratory pressure' test. Three trials (27 people) looked at non- invasive ventilation to help people sleep at night. Three of the trials reported on one of the review's main outcomes (quality of life). One trial reported that people with cystic fibrosis may prefer the use of a mask to help them breathe. One trial (13 people) reported that a person withdrew from the trial due to pain. The trial found no clear differences between non-insvasive ventilation and oxygen or room air for any of our main outcomes. No clear differences were found between the two methods for exercise performance, except for exercise, which improved with non-intervention over six weeks. The effect of NIV on exercise is not clear. We did not find any clear differences in lung function, gas exchange, adherence to treatment and preference and nocturnal transcutaneous carbon dioxide. Due to the small numbers of people in the trials, there were discrepancies in the results between the RevMan and the original trial analyses. We were unable to find any evidence that NIV increases sputum expectoration, but we did find some evidence that it may improve some lung function parameters. The review found that people who use non-intvasive ventilation may be able to breathe more easily and breathe more gas out of their nose during sleep. The impact of this therapy on lung attacks and disease progression is unclear. The quality of life of the people included in the review was assessed in three trials. We found no evidence that breathing room air was better than breathing through a nasal mask. We also found
We included seven studies on 245 people with stable COPD in this review. We found that NIPPV at home had no consistent effect on gas exchange, exercise tolerance, quality of life, lung function or sleep efficiency. The mean six-minute walking distance (6MWD) was 27.7 m and the difference was not statistically significant. We could not exclude an effect on 6MWD that is clinically significant, but we cannot exclude one that would be clinically significant. There was no difference in blood gases, health-related quality-of-life (HRQoL), lung function, lung muscle strength and sleep efficiency after 12 months. The quality of the included studies was low to moderate. The small number of people included in the studies and the small sample sizes of these studies preclude a definite conclusion regarding the effects of NIPPVs.
We included four trials, involving 1190 women. Induction of labour for suspected macrosomia has not been shown to alter the risk of caesarean section or instrumental delivery. There was no clear effect of induction of labour on the rate of brachial plexus damage (two events in one trial). There was also no clear difference between groups for measures of neonatal asphyxia, low blood pressure, low birthweight, or low arterial cord blood pH (two trials). Mean birthweight was lower in the induction group, but there was considerable variation between studies for this outcome. In one study with data for 818 women, third- and fourth-degree perineal tears were more common in women who had been induced. The results of this review suggest that to prevent one baby fracture, it would need to be induced in 60 women. The evidence is up to date as of April 2014. Inducing labour for babies suspected of being macrosomic is popular with many women. In settings where obstetricians can be reasonably confident about their scan assessment of fetal weight, the advantages and disadvantages of induction at or near term for fetuses suspected to be macrosomic should be discussed with parents. Although some parents and doctors may feel the evidence already justifies induction, others may justifiably disagree. Such trials should concentrate on refining the optimum gestation of induction, and improving the accuracy of the diagnosis of the condition. Also, antenatal estimates of the baby's weight are often inaccurate so many women may be worried unnecessarily, and many inductions may not be needed. Further trials of induction shortly before the onset of labour are needed.
We identified 159 randomised clinical trials with 95,286 participants. The age of participants ranged from 18 to 107 years. Most trials included women older than 70 years. The mean proportion of women was 77%. Forty-eight of the trials randomly assigned 94,491 healthy participants. Of these, four trials included healthy volunteers, nine trials included postmenopausal women and 35 trials included older people living on their own or in institutions. The remaining eight trials included 795 participants with neurological, heart, lung, or rheumatoid diseases. All trials were conducted in high-income countries. More than half of these trials had low risk of bias, which means that the results may be influenced by chance. Forty-five trials (80%) reported the vitamin D status of participants based on their serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels. Participants in 19 trials (17%) had vitamin D levels above 20 ng/mL. Vitamin D was administered for a weighted mean of 4.4 years. We found that vitamin D decreased deaths in all 56 trials analysed together. The risk of death from any cause in people receiving vitamin D2 or vitamin D3 was reduced by 12.5% and 12.7%, respectively, in the analyses of people who received vitamin D, vitamin D and calcitriol, and no vitamin D. We also found that the risk of dying due to cancer was decreased by 11.4% and 11.0%, respectively. However, more than 8% of people dropped out of the studies. We could not tell whether vitamin D had an effect on death due to any cause. We did not find differences between the effects of vitamin D on the number of deaths in people who were treated at home or in hospitals. We were able to combine the results from 38 trials (75,927 participants), which showed that people taking vitamin D with or without calcium (4,153/37,817 participants) were less likely to die, compared with people
The review of trials found that three drugs (fluoxetine, orlistat, and sibutramine) can help people with type 2 diabetes to lose weight. These drugs can be taken for 12 to 57 weeks. The effects of these drugs on weight are modest, and the long-term health benefits are unclear. Gastrointestinal side effects were common with fluoxetines and orlistats, tremor, somnolence, and sweating, and heart attacks were reported in some studies. No studies were found on other drugs for weight loss or control.
We included five studies involving a total of 734 participants in this review. We assessed only one study as good quality and the other four as poor quality. However, it was difficult to perform a meta-analysis by extractsing the data to synthesise the results, mainly because not all studies reported the same outcomes as those we had chosen for the review. No significant differences between VGB and CBZ were found in terms of time to treatment withdrawal and time to achieve six-month remission after dose stabilisation from randomisation, but results did show that VGB did show a disadvantage for VGB on the time to first seizure after randomisation. Compared with CBZ, VGB was associated with a higher occurrence of weight gain and less occurrence of skin rash and drowsiness. No differences in visual field defects and visual disturbances were noted. The review concluded that, given the high prevalence of visual field problems reported in an existing systematic review of studies (Maguire 2010), VGB monotherapy should be prescribed with caution for epilepsy. If necessary, the visual field should be frequently assessed. Future research should focus on investigating the reasons for vision field defects, and explore potential prevention strategies. Moreover, future monotherapy studies of epilepsy should report results in line with the recommendations of the International League against Epilepsy (ILAE) Commission, and the methodological quality should be improved.
We found four randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that evaluated the effects of plerixafor in people with lymphoma. Two of these trials (600 participants) were completed but did not report results. The other two trials (100 participants) had not yet published their results. We found no evidence for differences between people receiving G-CSF and those receiving a placebo in terms of death at 12 months, adverse events during stem cell mobilisation and collection or successful stem cell collection. There was high-quality evidence that people who received a higher stem cell count were more likely to be able to complete stem cell transplantation. However, there was not enough evidence to be sure whether this was due to the fact that the number of transplanted participants was too low. The results of the analysed data suggest that people receiving a higher platelet count may have more stem cells in their blood, but there was no evidence to show that this increased platelet counts had an effect on survival. None of the trials reported on quality of life, progression-free survival or survival of the cancer. Two more trials (nine and five participants) have been completed, but have not yet been published. Due to the unpublished RCTs, it is possible that our review is biased, even though two trials failed to recruit enough people to analyse any data.
This review included 23 trials involving 1806 women. All of the trials were small, and in many the quality was hard to judge. Outcome measures differed between trials, making the results difficult to combine. Some trials reported high drop-out rates with both cone and comparison treatments. Seven trials were published only as abstracts. We found that weighted vaginal cones are better than no active treatment in women with SUI, and may be similar to PFMT and electrostimulation. Cones could be offered as one treatment option, if women find them acceptable. This conclusion must remain tentative, until larger, high-quality trials are completed.
This review examined the effects of interventions on TTR in AF patients receiving OAT. Eleven trials with a total of 2246 AF patients (ranging from 14 to 712 by study) were included. Studies included education, self-monitoring, decision aids, and education plus education. We found that there is not enough evidence to be able to draw definitive conclusions regarding the impact of these interventions. More trials are needed to examine whether these interventions can help AF patients to control their blood pressure. It is also important to explore the implications for patients suffering from this long-term chronic condition. The quality of the evidence was very low.
The review of trials found that vaginal prostaglandin E2 probably increases the chance of vaginal delivery in 24 hours, but does not reduce the need for caesarean sections. PGE2 tablets, gels and pessaries appear to be as effective as each other, but small differences are detected between some outcomes, but these may be due to chance.
This review looked at the effects of cot-nursing using a heated water-filled mattress in newborn infants. Five trials were included in this review. When compared to incubator care, there was no significant difference in mean body temperature (MD 0.02 degrees C; 95% CI -0.02 to 0.07, four trials), though the one trial found this to be more common in infants who were exposed to high body temperatures. There were no significant differences in weight gain. In addition, fewer infants were breast fed on discharge (three trials, 150 infants) and fewer died prior to hospital discharge (four trials, 235 infants), but these results failed to reach statistical significance. The review found that the use of a heated mattress in a space-heated room has similar effects to incubators in terms of temperature control, weight gain and death rates. However, this review did not find enough evidence to recommend this method of care. Important clinical outcomes need to be investigated further. This is especially the case in the situation of developing countries, where differences in these outcomes are likely to be encountered.
We included three studies, involving 146 participants. Two studies were assessed as being at high risk of bias. The main finding of the review was that the two techniques appear to be equally successful at exposing PDCs. One surgical failure was due to detachment of the gold chain (closed group). One study reported on complications following surgery, and found two in the closed group: a post-operative infection and pain during alignment of the canine teeth. We could not pool data for dental aesthetics, pain and discomfort, dental health and treatment time. We considered the evidence to be of low quality. This means that we cannot be certain of the results. More high-quality studies are needed. Three ongoing clinical trials have been identified and it is hoped that these will produce data that can be pooled to increase the degree of certainty in these findings.
We included three studies, involving 244 women. The studies were considered to be of poor quality. The prostaglandins used were PG E2 analogue (sulprostone) in 50 women and PG E1 analogue (misoprostol) in 194 women, at a dose of 250 mcg and 800 mcg respectively. The evidence is up to date as of September 2014. The review found that the use of these drugs did not reduce the need for manual removal of placenta, severe postpartum haemorrhage, need for blood transfusion or the time from injection to placental removal. Side-effects were no different between groups (vomiting, headache, pain and nausea between injection and discharge from the labour ward), with the exception of shivering, which was more frequent in women who received proton pump inhibitors. We did not obtain any data for the primary outcomes of maternal mortality and the need to add another therapeutic uterotonic. Currently there is limited, very low-quality evidence relating to the effectiveness and the safety of proton pumps for the management of retained placentas. We can not make any recommendations about changes to clinical practice. More high-quality research in this area is needed. Much larger, adequately powered studies are needed to confirm that these clinically important beneficial effects are not just chance findings. The quality of the included studies was poor and there is little confidence in the effect estimates; the true effect is likely to be substantially different.
We included six studies involving 355 infants - two using face mask CPAP, two CNP, one nasal CPAP and one both CNP (for sicker babies) and endotracheal CPAP. For this update, we included no new trials. Continuous distending pressure (CDP) as CPAP or CNP reduces the risk of treatment failure (death or use of assisted ventilation) and death in infants with birth weight above 1500 g, and the overall risk of death. Use of CDP is associated with an increased risk of pneumothorax (bronchopulmonary dysplasia). We found no difference in BPD at 28 days (three studies, 260 infants) as well as at nine to 14 years (one study). In preterm infants with respiratory distress, the application of continuous CDP compared with CPAP alone or CPAP combined with CNP or nasal CNP leads to a reduced risk of lung failure and death and a lower risk of BPD. However, four out of six trials were done in the 1970s. Therefore, these results are not applicable to current practice. Further research is needed to determine the best mode of administration.
We included six studies (157 participants) in this review. All included studies were small and/or had limited follow-up times. There was no research evidence to suggest that foam wound dressings are more effective in healing foot ulcers than other types of dressing, however all studies were very small. Decision makers may wish to consider aspects such as cost and the wound management properties of each dressing type e.g. exudate management.
We identified three eligible trials. Two trials compared endoscopic intervention with surgical intervention. These trials included a total of 111 participants. One trial, including 32 participants, compared surgery with conservative treatment. The trial showed that surgery resulted in more pain relief and better preservation of pancreatic function. No differences were found in terms of complications or mortality between the two treatment groups. The small trials identified do not provide enough power to detect the small differences expected in this outcome. This review has shown that surgical intervention in an early stage of chronic pancreatitis is a promising approach to treating this condition. Other trials need to confirm these results because of the methodological limitations of the present evidence.
This review identified only one trial, which included 857 patients. This trial compared early versus delayed post-operative showering/bathing. The trial was at a high risk of bias. The only outcome of interest reported in this trial was surgical site infection. There was no difference between the two groups (857 patients) in the proportion of patients who developed wound infections. There is no conclusive evidence from randomised trials to support the use of early or delayed bathing for the prevention of wound infection. We recommend running further randomised controlled trials to compare the benefits and harms of early (before the skin has been cut) versus delayed (after the skin is cut and sutured) post-operatively.
We found one randomised controlled trial (RCT) comparing oral prednisone with no treatment in 35 people with MS. The trial had a high risk of bias, which means that the results may not be reliable. There was no difference between the groups in the number of people who achieved remission after one year. Side effects were similar in both groups, except that sleeplessness was less common with monthly dexamethasone. The quality of the evidence was very low. We are very uncertain about the effects of daily oral dexamithasone compared to no treatment, because the only RCT that exists was of low quality. We also know that long-term use of corticosteroids can lead to serious side effects. We need more research in this area.
We found six studies including a total of 2100 participants. Four studies compared remote asthma check-up with face-to-face check-ups, and one study compared the two types of check up for people with severe asthma. The studies could not be blinded, which means that the people taking part in the studies may not have been aware of which group they were in. We could not say whether more people who had a remote check up need oral corticosteroids for an asthma flare-up than those who were seen face to-face, because the studies were too small to detect a difference. In one study, 21 people out of 1000 had asthma attacks that required oral steroids over three months. We do not know whether this difference was due to the fact that they were seen in a remote setting. There was no difference in asthma control, or in quality of life, between the two groups of people. The larger study showed that telephoning people with asthma and asking them to come back for a follow-up (proactively) to check up on them, increased the number of people who got a review. However, it is not clear whether this increased their asthma control. Serious side effects were not reported separately from the asthma symptoms. The quality of the evidence was low for all outcomes. This means that we are less confident in the results.
This review aimed to assess the effects of exercise therapy for patients with JIA. The review included three studies with a total of 212 participants. All the included studies fulfilled at least seven of the criteria for inclusion in the review. The results of the review suggest that the short-term effects look promising, but the long-term effect remains unclear. The included and excluded studies were all consistent about the side effects that exercise therapy can cause. None of the studies found any harmful effects of the exercise therapy. This review highlights the need for more research in this area.
We included 19 trials with a total of 2663 participants (11 with outpatients, seven with inpatients (i.e. those admitted to the ICU), and one with ICU patients). We found that antibiotics have some effect on treatment failure in patients admitted to ICU or ICU, but these effects are small, and they are inconsistent for some outcomes (such as treatment failure, death, and length of hospital stay). We also found evidence of moderate quality for the effect of antibiotics on the risk of treatment failure among ICU and outpatient patients. We found no evidence that antibiotics reduced the risk for treatment failure for patients with severe flare-ups. One trial reported no effects on re-exacerbations. Only one trial (N = 35) reported quality of life but did not show a difference between treatment and control groups. The only trial (93 patients) included in this review showed a large reduction in the number of patients who failed to respond to treatment. Results of this trial show a significant effect on death and on length of stay in hospital. The quality of the evidence was moderate for both treatment failure and death, but was low for the other outcomes. We did not find evidence of a difference in side effects. We judged the quality of evidence to be moderate for all outcomes.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1414 participants. We found no studies that reported the effect of whole grain diets on total cardiovascular deaths or cardiovascular events. All studies were in primary prevention populations. All included studies reported on risk factors for cardiovascular disease, including blood lipids and blood pressure. There is insufficient evidence from RCTs of an effect of a whole grain diet on the risk of cardiovascular disease or on major CVD risk factors, such as cholesterol. The trials were small and had an unclear or high risk of bias. There was a need for well-designed, long-term trials with longer durations to be conducted to assess cardiovascular events as well as risk factors. The quality of the evidence was low.
This review found that there was limited evidence to support the use of a removable type of immobilisation (e.g. an air-stirrup or a backslab) to allow exercise during the immobilisation period after surgical fixation. There was some evidence from two studies (106 participants) of short-term benefit of using a non-thermal (non-contact) form of support (an airbrush) versus an orthosis (a walking cast). One study (12 participants) found that 12 weeks of hypnosis did not reduce activity or improve other outcomes. There is limited evidence that early weight-bearing made a small improvement in the range of motion of the ankle. However, it also led to a higher rate of minor side effects (such as pain and swelling). There was no evidence of effect for stretching, or manual therapy, in addition to exercise, or exercise compared with usual care. One small study found that ankle swelling was reduced with non-hot flushing compared with hot flushing. Evidence from one study (14 participants) at a high risk of bias found reduced ankle swelling after non-heat pump therapy. One study found no immobilisation to improve ankle dorsiflexion and plantarflexion (a type of flexion of the plantar muscle) range of movement compared with cast- immobilisation. Another study showed that backslabs may be better than a bandage. Five studies investigated different types of support or immobilisation after either conservative orthopaedic or surgical treatment. There were no studies that looked at the best type of support, immobilisation, stretching, manual therapy or exercise therapy. More studies are needed to strengthen current evidence. Only one study was judged to be of high quality. Eight studies were of low quality because of lack of concealment of study participants. Over half the of the studies were at high or unclear risk of selective reporting bias.
This review of four studies found that a home-based nursing programme has the potential to improve adherence to ART, but more evidence is needed. Two interventions, an LPV/r regimen and peer support group therapy, did not demonstrate improvements in adherence. However, the percentage of children achieving >80% adherence was higher for children on a lopinavir-ritonavir (LPV) regimen, compared to children on an NNRTI regimen. A second non-randomised trial found that the percentage in the control group had fewer missed doses, but this difference was not statistically significant. The intervention had no effect on CD4 percentage or viral load. A non-blinded trial of peer support groups for adolescents found no change in adherence, yet increased the percentage with suppressed viral load from 30% to 80%. A second study found that there was no difference between the two groups in the percentage achieving > 80% adherence. Medication diaries do not seem to have an effect on adherence or disease outcomes. Well-designed and well-reported trials are needed to evaluate interventions to improve the adherence of children to ART. No single intervention was evaluated by more than one trial. Two studies were conducted in low-income countries.
This review found that oral fenoprofen 200 mg is effective at treating moderate to severe acute postoperative pain. There were no serious adverse events or adverse event withdrawals in these studies. There was no difference in the numbers of participants experiencing any side effects between the oral dose of 200 mg and placebo. Efficacy of other doses, other outcomes, and safety and tolerability could not be assessed.
This review aimed to compare the effects of pelvic floor muscle training on prolapse symptoms and severity. Six trials were included in the review. Four trials were small (less than 25 women per arm) and two had moderate to high risk of bias. The largest most rigorous trial to date suggests that six months of supervised PFMT has benefits in terms of anatomical and symptom (if symptomatic) improvement immediately post-intervention. There is some evidence that PFMT increases the chance of prolapse stage by 17% when compared to no PFMT. The two trials which measured the function of the pelvic floor muscles found better function (or improvement) in the PFMT group compared to the control group. Two out of three trials reported on urinary outcomes (urodynamics, frequency of symptoms, or symptom score). One trial reported bowel outcomes, showing less frequency and bother with symptoms (symptoms and symptoms score). Two trials found no difference between groups in muscle strength. Pelvic floor muscle function findings differed between the trials: one found no effect of PFMT on muscle strength, whilst the other found a benefit in strength of muscles. The findings relating to urinary symptoms and symptom score change between groups were contradictory. One trial found no change in symptom score in the two groups. The other found more improvement in symptoms and a reduction in diurnal frequency in the group of women who received PFMT in addition to surgery. There was a lack of evidence about the effect of adding PFMT to surgery, and it was not possible to combine the results of the two trials. A large trial is needed. Other comparisons which have not been addressed in trials to date and warrant consideration include those involving lifestyle change, and trials aimed at prolapse prevention.
Fourteen randomised controlled trials involving 1,724 participants or ears were included. Topical quinolone antibiotics were better than no drug treatment at clearing aural discharge at one week. No difference was found between the two treatments at weeks one or three. A positive trend was seen at two weeks, largely due to one trial. However, this result was based on one trial and may not apply to other trials. Other treatments, such as antiseptics, were also better at curing CSOM than no treatment, and non-quinolone (non-steroid) antibiotic effects (without steroids) on CSOM were less clear. Evidence regarding adverse events was weak. Further trials should clarify the risks of ototoxicity, assess longer-term outcomes (for example, resolution, healing, hearing, or complications), and include further safety assessments.
We included 21 studies with a total of 6253 participants in this review. Studies were conducted from 1974 to 2011. Most studies did not report study methods sufficiently and many had high applicability concerns. In 20 studies, FRS correctly identified people with schizophrenia 75% to 95% of the time. The use of FRS to diagnose schizophrenia in triage will lead to around five to 19 people in every 100 who have FRS wrongly being diagnosed as having schizophrenia. Some of these people may experience a delay in getting appropriate treatment. These people will still merit further assessment and help due to the severity of disturbance in their behaviour. In seven studies, the FRS differentiated schizophrenia from non-psychotic mental health disorders, with a sensitivity of 61.8% (51.7% to 71%). In sixteen studies, it correctly identified psychosis in 58% (50.3% to 65.3%) and a specificity of 74.7%. We found that FRS incorrectly identified around 40% of people that specialists will consider to be having schizophrenia, but will not agree with this diagnosis. Some people who will not be considered to have schizophrenia will be wrongly diagnosed. Others, whom specialists will not consider to have, could be prematurely discharged from care, if triage relies on the presence of a FRS test. We hope that newer tests - to be included in future Cochrane reviews - will show better results. However, we also hope that new tests of first rank can still be helpful where newer tests are not available. FRS remain a simple, quick and useful test for an illness of enormous clinical variability.
We included 10 studies in this review, of which 5 were new to this update. There were 2003 participants in the 9 educational interventions and 44 in the 1 psychological study. All studies were conducted in primary- and secondary-care settings. We did not find any studies using psychological interventions. We found that there is limited evidence of the effects of educational and psychological interventions in children with atopic eczema. However, there is some evidence that these may lead to improvements in disease severity and quality of life. The largest and most robust study (n = 992) demonstrated significant reduction in the severity of atopic dermatitis and improvement in sleep in both nurse- and dermatologist-led intervention groups. It provided six standardised education sessions. In three of five studies, which could not be combined because of their heterogeneity, the objective SCORAD (SCORing Atopic Dermatitis Rating Scale) was better in the intervention group. Improvements in objective severity by age group were as follows: age 3 months to 7 years = 4.2, 95% CI 1.7 to 6.8; age 8 to 12 years = 6.7; age 13 to 18 years = 9.9. In all of the above studies, the confidence interval limits do not exceed the minimum clinically important difference (8.2 for objectiveSCORAD). Parents of children under seven years had significantly better improvements in all five subscales of the German 'quality of life in parents of children' questionnaire, which is a validated tool with five scales. This update has included five new studies, with a total of 10 new participants. The inclusion of these five studies has not changed the conclusions from the original review. The studies in both the original and this update lack detail about the way in which they were designed, and do not use a complex interventions framework. Few use an explicit theoretical base, and the components of each intervention are not well described. The results of this review are limited by the
This review of trials suggests that HBOT may be beneficial for people with LRTI affecting the head, neck, anus and rectum. HBOT also appears to reduce the chance of ORN following tooth extraction. There was no evidence of any important clinical effect on neurological tissues. These trials did not report adverse events.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 2961 surgeons that compared the use of blunt needles to use sharp needles. Four studies focused on closure of the abdomen, two on caesarean section, two for vaginal repair and two on hip replacement. The studies were of high quality. We found evidence that surgeons using blunt needles were less likely to have one of their gloves perforated in three of every six operations. On average, a surgeon that used sharp needles had one glove perforation in every three operations. In four studies, surgeons used blunt needles less often to treat needle stick injuries. The use of sharp needles was found to be more difficult but acceptable. The quality of the evidence was rated as high. We conclude that blunt needles reduce the risk of exposure to blood and bodily fluids for surgeons in a range of operations. It is unlikely that any future research will change this conclusion.
The review includes seven randomised trials involving 422 participants. The size of the included studies was between 20 and 157 participants with a study length between four and 52 weeks. Overall, the quality of the evidence was low. The review found that trifluoperazine was not better than low-potency antipsychotics in terms of response to treatment. There was also no difference in acceptability of treatment with equivocal number of participants leaving the studies early. There were no differences in numbers with at least one side effect. However, there was an increase in movement disorders in the group of participants treated with the drug. The results of the review did not show a difference in efficacy and rigor in the treatment of people with schizophrenia. No data were available for death, sedation and quality of life. The number of randomised studies as well as their quality is low, so more, newer studies would be needed. The quality of evidence ranged from moderate to very low.
We found nine randomised controlled trials including 593 preterm infants in total. These trials compared responsive feeding with scheduled interval regimens. The trials were generally small and contained various weaknesses in their methods, including lack of blinding and incomplete assessment of all participants. Meta-analyses of these trials suggest that feeding in response to feeding cues may result in slightly slower rates of weight gain, and some evidence that it may reduce the time taken for infants to transition from feeding tube to oral feeding. The importance of this finding is uncertain, as the trials did not find a strong or consistent effect on length of hospital stay. None of the trials reported any parent, caregiver, or staff views. Overall, the data do not provide strong evidence that responsive feeds have an effect on important outcomes for preterm babies or their families. Some (low quality) evidence exists to suggest that preterm newborns who are fed on feeding cues achieve full oral feeding earlier. This finding should be interpreted cautiously because of methodological weaknesses in the included trials. A large RCT would be needed to confirm this finding.
We identified two randomised trials with a total of 161 participants. One randomised trial (133 participants) showed that folic acid improved ankle brachial index (ABI) and 5-methyltetrahydrofolate (5-MTHF) showed no difference (P non-significant) in ABI. The second trial (18 participants) did not show a difference (non-significant). No major events were reported. The studies did not report on mortality and rate of limb loss. The review concluded that there is no evidence to support the use of folic acids for the treatment of people with hyperhomocysteinaemia. Further, well-designed trials are urgently required.
We included two studies in this review. One study compared the impact of capitation payments with fee-for-service payments. The other study compared capitation with fee for service payments. Both studies were conducted in the four most deprived areas of Scotland, so the applicability of the findings to other settings may be limited. The authors reported that capitation paid to dentists led to an increase in clinical activity. However, the study did not report data on health service utilisation or on patient outcomes. The second study used a parallel group design to compare the impact on primary care dentists’ clinical activity when paid either capitation or fee for services. The study reported on measures of clinical activity (mean number of visits, health service use of the health service, mean number of filled teeth, mean percentage of children having one or more decayed teeth and healthcare costs). The authors found that dentists tended to see their patients less frequently, carried out fewer fillings and extractions and tended to give more preventive advice. There was not enough information about the cost-effectiveness of the two different remuneration methods. The overall quality of the evidence was low/very low. We judged the risk of bias to be high for both studies and we judged the evidence to be of low quality.
We included 21 randomised controlled trials involving over 17,000 women and their babies. Trials were generally at low risk of bias. Zinc supplementation resulted in a small reduction in preterm birth (16 trials of 7637 women). This was not accompanied by a similar reduction in numbers of babies with low birthweight. No clear difference was seen between the zinc and no zinc groups for any of the other outcomes, except for induction of labour (one trial). No differences were seen in the subgroups of women with low zinc and nutrition levels, or in women who complied with their treatment, versus those who did not. There was no evidence that zinc supplementation during pregnancy leads to other useful and important benefits. The GRADE quality of the evidence was low for preterm births, small- for-gestational age, and low birthweights. It was moderate for stillbirth or neonatal death and low for neonatal weight. The evidence for a 14% relative reduction in the number of preterm babies given zinc compared with placebo was mainly from trials involving low income women. This has some relevance in areas of high perinatal mortality. Since the preterm association could well be due to poor nutrition, studies to address ways of improving the overall nutritional status of populations in poor countries, rather than focusing on micronutrient and or zinc supplementation alone, should be an urgent priority.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 1656 participants. All trials used probiotics as an adjuvant treatment to antifungal drugs. Probiotics increased the rate of short-term cure and decreased relapse rate at one month. However, this effect did not translate into an increase in the frequency of long-term clinical or mycological cure. There was no difference in the number of serious or non-serious adverse events. We found no RCTs for outcomes as time to first relapse, need for additional treatment at the end of therapy, patient satisfaction and cost effectiveness. There is a need for well-designed trials with longer follow-up and larger sample size.
We included seven randomised controlled trials (involving 696 women) in this review. The trials were conducted in different countries. Two trials were from Germany and Italy, which are high-income countries, while four trials were in upper-middle income countries; two in Iran, one in Malaysia, and the fourth in Turkey. The seventh trial was from Jordan, which is a lower-middle-income country. The evidence is current to September 2015. The results of this Cochrane Review suggest that progestogens are probably effective in the treatment of threatened miscarriage but may have little or no effect in reducing the rate of preterm birth. We are uncertain if treatment of women with threatened miscarriage with progestogen compared to placebo or no treatment has any effect on the number of babies with congenital abnormalities because the quality of the evidence is very low. We assessed the body of evidence for the main outcomes using the GRADE tool. The quality of evidence ranged from very low to moderate. Downgrading of evidence was based on the high risk of bias in six of the seven included trials and a small number of events and wide confidence intervals for some outcomes. In six trials all the participants met the inclusion criteria and in the seventh study, we included in the meta-analysis only the subgroup of participants who met the criteria for inclusion.
We found five randomised controlled trials of laser photocoagulation of diabetic retinopathy. A total of 4786 people were included in these studies. Three studies were conducted in the USA, one in the UK and one in Japan. The majority of people in four of the studies were people with proliferative diabetic retenopathy; one study was conducted in people with non-proliferative (non-perfusion). All five studies were at risk of bias, i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because the treatment and control were different, and no study tried to produce a sham treatment. At 12 months there was little difference in the risk of visual loss between eyes treated with laser and those treated with no treatment. Longer term follow-up did not show a consistent pattern, but one study found a 20% reduction in risk of loss of 15 or more letters of visual acuity (a type of blindness) at five years with laser treatment. There was a beneficial effect on the progression of the disease, with treated eyes experiencing a 50% reduced risk of progression of diabetes, and a similar risk of vitreous haemorrhage. None of the included studies looked at the effect of laser treatment on near vision, pain, loss of driving licence or adverse effects. We judged the quality of the evidence to be moderate or low. This is due to the small number of studies and the fact that many of these studies were carried out many years ago.
We included two trials involving 269 participants. The trials were conducted in China and Italy. Both trials included adults with acute respiratory failure after upper abdominal surgery. The average age of participants was 65 years. The findings of this review indicate that the use of CPAP or NPPV may reduce the need for a tracheal tube and the length of time spent in the intensive care unit. There was no difference in the number of deaths, pneumonia-related complications, and sepsis or infections. Findings from one trial of 60 participants suggested that bilevel nPPV (bilevel breathing) may improve blood gas levels and blood pH levels one hour after the intervention. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. We judged both trials to be at high risk of bias. We found no differences in the rate of death or hospital length of stay between the two treatment groups. We were not able to assess the following outcomes: gastric insufflation, fistulae (pneumothorax), lung injury, blood loss, bleeding, skin breakdown, eye irritation, sinus congestion, oronasal drying, and patient-ventilator asynchrony. More good quality studies are needed to confirm these findings.
We included four trials involving 388 women that were judged to be of unclear to high risk of bias overall. Three trials compared diazepam with an alternative agent (ketamine; vinydan-ether; "other" anaesthesia) for the provision of general anaesthesia. One trial compared spinal analgesia to pudendal nerve block. The trials were too small to be combined in a meta-analysis. There is insufficient evidence to support any particular pain relief agent or method as most effective for forceps delivery. No trials reported on the review's other two main outcomes of serious maternal adverse effects or complications, and neonatal deaths or serious morbidity.
We included 15 studies with a total of 1048 participants. Most of the studies were from India, followed by Europe and the United States. The majority of the participants were adults of both sexes with mild to moderate asthma. The studies included people with asthma for six months to more than 23 years. Interventions lasted from two weeks to 54 months. Five studies included yoga breathing alone, while the other six studies assessed yoga interventions that included breathing, posture, and meditation. Most studies were of moderate quality. The risk of bias was low in one study, and unclear or high in at least one domain for the remainder. We found that yoga may improve quality of life, improve symptoms, and reduce medication use for asthma. There was some evidence that yoga improved the quality of asthma symptoms, but we could not be certain about this due to the lack of an established'median' score for asthma symptoms. The effects of yoga on change in forced expiratory volume (a measure of lung function) were not statistically significant. Two studies indicated improved asthma control, but due to differences between the studies, we did not pool the data. No serious side effects were reported. The quality of the evidence for yoga for asthma was moderate. There is more uncertainty about potential side effects. More research is needed.
We included 10 trials (249 participants) in this review. Seven of the 10 trials assessed single agents, and 3 assessed combined agents. Many of the studies did not present adequate data for the reporting of the main outcome of the review. We assessed six of the nine trials as providing very low-quality evidence in relation to our main outcome measure. None of the trials were large enough to detect a treatment effect. Three trials (78 participants) compared IVIg, oxandrolone, and AZA plus MTX versus MTX. We were not able to combine the results of these three trials because of differences in the way they were analysed. A single trial (44 participants) found that MTX did not arrest or slow disease progression. Data from two trials (58 participants) showed that IFN beta-1a had no effect on the progression of IBM. We found no evidence that ATG and MTX had an effect on slowing or stopping the growth of the disease. An open trial of ATG combined with MTX compared to MTX provided very low evidence in favour of the combined therapy. We could not combine the data from trials that compared azathioprine (AZA) plus AZA versus AZA, or arimoclomol (a drug) with placebo. We did not find any evidence of significant side effects. We need more trials that are larger, longer, and of longer duration. Trials of simvastatin and bimagrumab (BYM338) are ongoing. Overall, the quality of the evidence was moderate to very low.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 3144 participants. These trials compared linezolid with vancomycin for treating people with SSTIs. No new trials were identified for this first update. The available evidence is based on studies that were supported by the drug manufacturer. We found that people treated in the RCTs were more likely to be cured of SSTI-related infections than those treated with either the drug or the placebo. The length of stay in hospital was shorter for people treated with the drug than with placebo. There was no significant difference in the number of deaths between the treatment groups. There were fewer cases of red man syndrome, pruritus and rash in the people receiving the drug. However, more people reported thrombocytopenic (blood clots) and nausea when treated with a single dose of line zolid. The cost of treatment was less for people receiving a single oral dose of the drug compared with intravenous treatment. In summary, we found that there is some evidence that the drug linezolactide is more effective than vancomenacin for treating SST is caused by MRSA. Further well-designed trials are needed to confirm this finding. This plain language summary is up-to-date as of April 2014.
We included eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 512 participants in the review. The evidence is current to August 2015. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, and the United Kingdom. We found no relevant differences in mortality, morbidity, and survival between the two operations. Postoperative mortality, overall survival, and morbidity showed no significant differences, except of delayed gastric emptying, which significantly favoured CW. Furthermore, we noted that operating time, intraoperative blood loss, and red blood cell transfusion were significantly reduced in the PPW group. All significant results were associated with low-quality evidence based on GRADE (Grades of Recommendation, Assessment, Development and Evaluation) criteria. Given obvious clinical and methodological heterogeneity, future high-quality RCTs of complex surgical interventions based on well-defined outcome parameters are required.
Six randomised controlled trials involving 1862 participants were included. The effect of calcium channel blockers on the risk of death was reported in five of the RCTs. The pooled odds ratio (OR) for the five studies was 0.91 (95% CI [95%CI] 0.70 to 1.16). For the five RCTS that reported death and severe disability as an outcome, the pooled OR 0.97. In the two RCT(s) which reported death in a subgroup of traumatic brain injury patients with haemorrhage, there was no difference between the two groups. Three of the studies reported death with severe disability. The results of the other three studies showed a beneficial effect, though there was an increase in adverse reactions, which may mean that the drug may be harmful for some patients.
We included four randomised controlled trials with a total of 3090 participants. Three trials were considered to have a relatively low risk of bias. One trial used a cluster-randomized design. When survival to hospital discharge was compared, we found that 38 of 320 (11.88%) people survived to discharge in the initial CPR plus delayed defibrillation group, compared with 39 of 338 people (12.54%). When we compared the neurological outcome at hospital discharge, the rate of return of spontaneous circulation (ROSC) and survival at one year, we could not rule out the superiority of either treatment approach. Adverse effects were not associated with either treatment. Owing to the low quality of available evidence, we have been unable to determine conclusively whether either immediate CPR and one and one-half to three minutes of CPR have similar effects on rates of return to spontaneous circulation, survival to discharge or neurological insult in OHCA. We have not been able to conclude whether one treatment approach provides a degree of superiority over the other. We propose that this is an area that needs further rigorous research through additional high-quality RCTs, including larger sample sizes and proper subgroup analysis.
The review of trials found that there is not enough evidence to support the routine use of any particular intervention, either for pituitary down regulation, ovarian stimulation or adjuvant therapy, in IVF. More robust data from good quality trials with relevant outcomes are needed.
We found 53 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly allocated to a treatment group) that met our inclusion criteria. A total of 2981 people with schizophrenia were included in these trials. We found that family intervention may reduce the number of people who relapse and hospital admissions and may encourage people to take their medication. Family intervention may also reduce the frequency of relapse events and the need for hospital admission. However, it does not seem to affect the tendency of people to leave the care they receive. People with schizophrenia may also be more likely to leave care if they are offered a family intervention. We did not find data to suggest that the family intervention either prevents or promotes suicide. More research is needed to confirm these findings. This review is up-to-date as of February 2010.
We identified three randomized controlled trials with 263 participants. All three trials examined the treatment of symptomatic in-stent restenosis. These trials were carried out in Germany and Austria. Two of the three trials were industry sponsored. Two companies made the drug-eluting balloons. Most participants were followed up to 12 months. The trials examined both anatomical and clinical endpoints. We found no clear differences in the risk of death between DEBs and uncoated balloon angioplasty. We also found that DEBs showed better outcomes for up to 24 months for target lesion revascularization (removal of the stent and replacement of the blockage with a new block) and for binary (the blockage of the artery that leads to a new stent) and transvertebral stents. Participants treated with DEBs also showed improvement of one or more Rutherford categories at six and 12 months, and one clinical endpoint (improvement in Rutherford category) at 24 months. However, the certainty of the evidence was very low due to the small number of studies and participants and the high risk of bias in study design.
We included seven trials with a total of 922 participants. Trials ranged from 32 to 242 participants. We found that corticosteroids reduced the subsequent occurrence of coronary artery abnormalities, the duration of fever, and the time taken for laboratory tests to normalise. We also found that children receiving a long course of steroids had a shorter duration of hospital stay and a decrease in clinical symptoms. There was no information on the incidence of adverse effects. Evidence quality was graded according to the GRADE system. Evidence was considered to be high quality for the risk of serious adverse events, mortality, and time for laboratory test results to return to normal. We judged the quality of the evidence to be moderate for adverse effects (fever, rash) and duration of clinical symptoms (low fever, rash). This means that the true effect is close to that estimated in this review. There were insufficient data on the occurrence of long-term coronary morbidity. Certain groups, such as those based in Asia, those with higher risk scores, and those receiving longer steroid use, may have greater benefit from steroid treatment, especially with lower rates of heart problems, but more tests are needed.
We included eight studies comprising 846 randomised participants, of which four studies compared PIP with control groups only. Four studies involved comparisons of PIP versus another PIP, video-interaction guidance, psychoeducation, or cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT). Two of these studies also included a control group in addition to an alternative treatment group. Samples in these studies included women who had postpartum depression, anxious or insecure attachment, maltreated, and prison populations. We assessed the quality of the evidence as low or very low for all comparisons. We found that PIP is promising in terms of parent-child relationship outcomes, but there was no evidence that it was better than other PIP. There were improvements favouring PIP in the proportion of infants securely attached at post-intervention; a reduction in the number of infants who had an avoidant attachment style; and an increase in the percentage of infants whose attachment to their parents was secure. We also found that there were no differences between PIP and control groups for any of the other outcomes. We did not find any differences in the incidence of parent depression, or parent-reported levels of depression. There was no difference in outcomes for parent-infant interaction, or any adverse effects. None of the remaining meta-analyses (i.e. adverse effects), or secondary outcomes (e.g. infant cognitive development) showed differences in outcome or any effects. For all comparisons, we rated the evidence to be of low to very low quality for parental depression, and secure or disorganised infant attachment. Where we downgraded the evidence, we did so because of risk of bias. The included studies also involved relatively few participants and had wide confidence intervals.
We found one new included study in this updated version. In total, our updated review includes 11 trials (with 753 participants). We found no convincing evidence that giving extra oxygen to healthy term pregnant women during elective caesarean section, under regional anaesthesia, is either beneficial or harmful for either the mother or the foetus. The low quality of evidence showed no differences in Apgar scores at one minute (N = six trials, 519 women) and at five minutes. None of the 11 trials reported that the mother was at risk of desaturation. The very low quality evidence showed that women in labour who received extra oxygen had higher oxygen saturation, maternal PaO2, maternal UaPO2, and UvPO 2 (foetal umbilical blood). There was high heterogeneity among these outcomes. A subgroup analysis showed no clear difference between the two intervention groups in low-risk studies, whereas the high- risk studies showed a benefit for the neonatal oxygen group. Although, there were significant differences in the blood gas values of the mother and her baby and in the levels of free radicals, the results of the studies should be interpreted with caution due to the low grade of the evidence.
We included twelve studies containing data on 2196 participants; four of these studies were newly included in this 2011 update of our 2006 Cochrane review. Six intervention groups in four trials provided data on the percentage of pills taken. We found that reminder packaging resulted in an increase of 11% (95% confidence interval 6% to 17%) in the number of people who took their medication. Notable differences in the design of the studies meant that we could not combine the results of the different trials. Two trials provided information on the proportion of patients who were self-reported to be adherent to the reminder packaging schedule. We also found two trials that looked at the effect of reminder packaging on blood pressure measurements. We were able to combine the data from two of these trials, which showed a reduction in blood pressure in the intervention group, but the effect was not statistically significant. We did not find any difference in systolic or diastolic blood pressure. We extracted data on blood glucose levels from two trials, and found a reduction of 0.72 mmol/L (0.83 to 0.60). We also extracted data from these two trials to show a decrease in glycated haemoglobin levels. No appropriate data were available for analysis. In one study the presence of a reminder packaging aid was found to be preferred by patients with low literacy. Reminder packing may be a simple method for improving adherence for selected conditions. More research is needed to improve the design and targeting of these devices.
We identified 15 randomised clinical trials evaluating 11 different drugs (methylprednisolone, pentoxifylline, mannitol, pentaxine, and dextrose). All trials had high risk of bias. There were no differences between the groups in mortality, liver failure, or perioperative morbidity. The trimetazidine group had a shorter hospital stay than control. There was no difference in the remaining comparisons. The use of methylprednisolate, trimetazidene, and pentoxine, as well as pentoxite and pentaxide, may reduce the risk of ischaemia in patients with elective liver resections. However, these drugs should be used in well-designed clinical trials. There is a risk of type I and type II errors due to the few trials included, the small sample size in each trial, and the risks of bias in the trials.
We included 61 studies in this review. These studies included 13,327 participants of interest, of whom at least 4499 underwent renal function testing. The evidence is current to September 2015. The studies were diverse in terms of the type of kidney disease, the types of cancer, the treatments received and the duration of follow-up. We could not combine the results of the studies because the studies were so different. The majority of studies reported the occurrence of adverse renal effects, which ranged from 0% to 84%. This variation may be due to differences in the type and duration of treatment, the treatment combination, the way the study was carried out and the quality of the evidence. Seven out of 52 studies, including 244 participants, reported the prevalence of chronic kidney disease. Of these 52, 36 studied a decreased (estimated) blood pressure, including at least 432 CCS, and found it was present in between 0% and 73.7% of participants. One eligible study reported an increased risk of glomerular dysfunction after concomitant treatment with aminoglycosides and vancomycin in CCS receiving total body irradiation (TBI). Four non-eligible studies assessing a total cohort of CCS found nephrectomy and (high-dose (HD) ifosfamide as risk factors for decreased blood pressure. In addition, two non- eligible studies showed an association of a longer time period with a decreased kidney function. Twenty-two studies studied proteinuria, which was found in between 13.2% and 28.6% of people. Both non- and eligible studies investigating risk factors identified cisplatin as a risk factor. Carboplatin, nehnrectomy, abdominal radiotherapy and long follow up time were other reported risk factors. The prevalence of hypertension ranged from 1% to 50% in 30/52 studies. Risk factors reported by one eligible study were older age at screening and abdominal radiation. A non-qualified study also
The review of trials found that two phytomedicines Niprisan® (Nicosan®) and Cajanus cajan (Ciklavit®) appeared to be safe and effective in reducing painful crises in people with sickle cell disease. However, the quality of the evidence was low. The results of the single trial that reported on the effect on the level of anaemia were also of low quality. No serious side effects were reported. Based on these results, phytonutrient drugs may have a potential beneficial effect in reducing the number of people with painful crises. This needs to be further validated in future trials.
We included three studies involving 1999 participants. Two trials compared standard treatment (chemotherapy plus radiotherapy) with PET-adapted therapy. The third trial was more complex. Participants with early-stage HL and a negative PET scan were divided into those who had a favourable or unfavourable prognosis. They were then randomised to receive PET-based treatment or standard treatment. In the third trial, participants were split into two groups: one group received PET-positive and PET-negative treatment, and the other group did not. One study reported no deaths. The other two studies reported two deaths in participants receiving PET-protective therapy, and two in those receiving standard therapy. We found moderate-quality evidence that PFS was shorter in people with early HL and negative PET scans receiving chemotherapy only, and in those who received standard treatment with radiotherapy. However, it is unclear whether this PFS advantage translates into an overall survival benefit. The quality of the evidence was very low for progression-free survival, which means that further research is likely to have an impact on our confidence in the results. Short-term adverse events were assessed in one trial, which found no evidence of a difference between the treatment arms. No data were reported on long-term AEs. To date, no robust data on survival, response rate, TRM, quality of life, or short- and long term AEs are available. More RCTs with longer follow ups may lead to more precise results for AEs and TRM. We judged the overall potential risk of bias as moderate.
We found 31 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared different types of birth control pills, injectables, and vaginal rings. Twenty-one trials compared combined oral contraceptives (COCs); others examined different COCs, progestin-only pills, injections, a vaginal ring, and implants. None included a placebo. Of 34 comparisons, eight had any major difference between the study groups in a single outcome. We could not combine the data from two studies that could not be combined. Twelve trials looked at the effect of desogestrel-containing COC, and the few differences from levonorgestrel pills were inconsistent. Two studies looked at a group of women who used a desurgent hormone called norethisterone enanthate, and found that the group using a depot depot had lower mean fasting glucose and higher mean two-hour glucose response. Three trials examined the etonogestre vaginal ring and one looked at an implant. One trial showed the ring group had lower insulin response and lower mean AUC insulin. Of eight trials, five compared oral contraceptives and injectables. In a COC trial, a group using the depot depot depot group had higher mean change in fasting glucose, glucose response, and fasting insulin. In an injectable study, the depot group showed higher mean changes in glucose response and AUC glucose. One showed the group with a depot group with nomegestrel acetate plus 17β-estradiol (a hormone) had lower AUC blood glucose and lower means for incremental AUC (a measure of glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c). Two trials compared extended use versus conventional (cyclic) regimens. In one trial, the injectable group had greater AUC changes than the COC group. We still do not know much about women at risk for metabolic problems due to being overweight. We found no new trials in 2014. Many of the earlier
We included 10 studies in this review. Nine studies (549 participants) evaluated the effects of exercise on pain, physical function and quality of life. Five studies (419 participants) assessed pain and physical function in people with hip or knee pain. Five of the 10 RCTs exclusively recruited people with symptomatic hip OA. The results of these 10 studies showed that exercise can reduce pain and improve the physical function of people with OA, at least three to six months after the end of treatment. Pain was reduced by 8 points on a 0- to 100-point scale (0 was no pain) in the control group, and by a further 8 points in the exercise group. The improvement in pain was sustained for at least 3 to 6 months after stopping the exercise programme. Quality of life was assessed in three small studies (183 participants) and there was no benefit of exercise demonstrated. Of the five studies reporting adverse events, each study reported only one or two events and all were related to increased pain attributed to the exercise. The quality of the evidence was generally moderate to high for pain reduction and improvement in physical function, and low for pain intensity. The main limitations of this review were the small number of studies and participants, and the fact that most of the results were based on self-reported data.
This review aimed to assess the benefits and harms of exercise therapy for people with MS. Nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) met the inclusion criteria. Six RCTs compared exercise therapy to no exercise therapy and three trials compared two types of exercise therapies. The results of the present review suggest that exercise therapy can be beneficial for patients with MS not experiencing an exacerbation. There is an urgent need for consensus on a core set of outcomes to be used in exercise trials. In addition, these studies should test different doses of treatment, type of MS and should include enough contrast between experimental and control groups.
Only one randomised clinical trial was included in this review. The trial included 75 participants (average age: 43 years; females: 65% of participants). The trial randomised people with biliary colic to have either laparoscopic cholecystectomy (less than 24 hours after diagnosis) (35 participants) or delayed laparoscopy (4.2 months) (40 participants). There were no deaths in either group. There was no serious adverse events related to the surgery. The number of people who developed complications during the waiting period was similar in both groups. The complications that the people in the early group suffered were pancreatitis (n = 1), empyema of the gallbladder (n > 0.9999), gallbladders perforation (n < 0.001), acute cholecyspepsis (a condition in which gallstones become stuck in the bile duct), cholangitis (infection), obstructive jaundice (jaundice), and a recurrent bile colic (requiring hospital visits). In total, 14 people required hospital admissions for the above symptoms. All of these people were in the delayed group as all the people were operated on within 24 hours. This trial did not report quality of life or return to work. There were fewer people who required conversion to open surgery (removal of bile) in the people who had the early laparoscope operation compared with the people having the delayed one. The time taken to perform the operation was shorter in the earlier and there was a shorter length of hospital stay. The percentage of people with serious complications was lower in the group that had the laparectomy operation. The proportion of people requiring hospital admission was also lower. Based on only one high-bias risk trial, it appears that people who have had laparopoiesis (an operation to remove bile from the biliary tract) less likely to have serious complications during
We included 11 trials in this review. Seven of these trials provided evidence for the main comparison and the primary outcome and these were pooled. Overall, long-term antibiotic prophylaxis probably reduces the risk of SSI when compared with short-term antibiotics. However, there is uncertainty surrounding the relative effects of a single pre-operative dose (220 participants). No reports described adverse effects associated with the drugs in those trials that reported in this outcome. None of the trials assessed or reported data on other outcomes, and information was not sufficient to show whether one antibiotic is better than another. Most of the studies had an unclear risk of bias, which led to us to downgrade the quality of the evidence for our outcomes.
We found one study, involving 40 infants and 42 women. The trial was too small to detect clinically important differences between the two policies. There were no significant benefits or harms of elective preterm birth at 36 weeks' gestation for babies with gastroschisis. There was a small mean difference in gestational age at birth between the groups (35.8 weeks (SD 0.7) in the elective group and 36.7 (SD 1.5) in both groups). Possible reasons for this may be that women who have a preterm baby are more likely to give birth by caesarean section. This review is not able to draw any firm conclusions about the benefits and harms of preterm births for babies and their mothers. Only one small trial is included. Further research is needed in this area. It is not possible to say whether the intervention is beneficial or harmful for these babies or their mothers, as there is only one small study.
We found three studies in adults, lasting up to one week. All three studies used paracetamol as an addition to established treatment with strong painkillers. One study was parallel-group, and two had a cross-over design. We found no studies in children. All studies were at high risk of bias for incomplete outcome data and small size. None of the studies reported any of our primary outcomes: participants with pain reduction of at least 50% and at least 30%, and participants with no worse than mild pain, at the end of the treatment period; or participants with a Patient Global Impression of Change (PGIC) score of much improved or very much improved (or equivalent wording). What pain reports there were indicated that there was no difference between the two types of painkillers in terms of pain relief, when added to another painkiller. There was no convincing evidence of any difference in the effect of paracetol on quality of life, use of rescue medication, or patient satisfaction or preference. Measures of harm were inconsistent, and provided no clear evidence of difference. We rated the quality of the evidence as very low. The studies were small, short-term, and of poor quality. The quality of evidence was very low for all outcomes.
This review of 15 randomised controlled trials found that there is not enough data to confidently inform clinical practice. Antimuscarinics were the most often evaluated drugs. Astemizole, diphenhydramine, propantheline, doxepin and suo quo wan were all more effective than placebo. However, the doses of these drugs can cause side effects. Of the other drugs studied, oryzanol (rice bran oil, rice embryo oil extract and bitter cardamom) was better than the antimuscarinic doxepin (no clinically important change). There were no studies that looked at the effects of other Chinese medicines. There is a need for more randomised trials. Some may be underway.
We included six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 195 participants with MS. Two RCTs investigated inspiratory muscle training with a threshold device (a device that increases the amount of air that can be pumped through the muscle), three RCTS compared expiratory muscle exercises with no active control or sham training, one RCT compared regular breathing with no exercise, and one trial compared two different types of breathing exercises. Eighteen participants (˜ 10%) dropped out; trials reported that there were no serious side effects. We pooled and analyzed data of 5 trials (N=137) for both inspiratory (inactive) muscle training and exhaled muscle training. We found low-quality evidence from these trials that people with MS with mild to moderate MS who did not already have MS may benefit from exercising their muscles. We could not combine the results of the 5 trials for all but one outcome. We did not find a significant difference between the two groups with regard to maximal inspiratory blood pressure. However, there was a significant benefit on the predicted maximum pressure. The quality of the evidence was low for all outcomes. This was due to limitations in the design of the trials and imprecision of results. We were unable to perform a meta-analysis for side effects, no serious adverse events were mentioned in any trials. The evidence is current to January 2018.
This review identified one randomised controlled trial (RCT) of betamethasone (1.5 mg/day) for treatment of ITP during pregnancy. This trial included 38 women (41 pregnancies) who were randomised to either no medication or to a beta-blocker, with 26 women (28 pregnancies) being analysed. Maternal death, perinatal deaths, postpartum haemorrhage and newborn bleeding were not studied by this RCT. This RCT did not provide evidence about the use of other treatments for ITP. This review found that compared to no medication, the beta blocker did not reduce the risk of thrombocytopenia and neonatal bleeding. There is insufficient evidence to support the use or potential trade-offs between the benefits and harms of using this drug. This systematic review also identifies the need for well-designed randomised trials on this medical issue. Any future trials on medical treatments for treating ITP in pregnant women should test a variety of important outcomes, including maternal, neonatal or both outcome measures. Unless randomised clinical trials provide evidence of a treatment effect, policy-makers, clinicians, and academics should not use this drug for treating this medical condition.
We found two completed studies, with a total of 111 participants (n = 30 and n = 81), both conducted in Iran. Participants had moderate to severe keratoconus pre-operatively and were randomly allocated to receive DALK or DALK. Only one eye of each participant was treated as part of the trials. The smaller study had 12 month follow-up data. For the larger study, four DALK surgeries were abandoned due to technical failure and visual and refractive outcomes were not measured. Follow-up length for the remaining 77 patients ranged from 6.8 to 36.4 months. The results of the smaller study were not published. Details of the randomisation procedure were not reported for the smaller trial and so we could not be certain if the results from this study had affected the results of this review. We found no evidence of a difference between DALK and DALK in any of the measures of post-graft visual achievement, risk of rejection or failure, or both, and risk of other adverse events. A single case of graft failure in a DALK graft was reported. No postoperative graft failure was reported in the DALK group of either study. The data, which related to all cases in each study - given that the four cases that did not go ahead as planned had already failed without presence of rejection - showed that rejection was less likely to occur in DALK than DALK (odds ratio (OR): 0.33, 95% CI (CI) 0.14 to 0.81). Results of the analysis of the Razmju 2011 study did not bias the results with regards to rejection episodes. While the data from the Javadi 2010 study alone had a very wide 95% confidence interval (CI), suggesting an imprecise estimate. Therefore, it is still difficult to draw conclusions regarding which technique is better for graft failure. DALK was unable to be completed as planned in four cases. In a further three cases, complications during
We included 67 randomised controlled trials (from 76 reports), recruiting 8506 women. The evidence is current to August 2015. The studies varied greatly in terms of the number of women included in analyses, with haemoglobin concentration being the outcome with the largest number of participants analysed (6861 women). Women receiving iron were significantly less likely to be anaemic at the end of intervention compared to women receiving control (10 studies, 3273 women, moderate quality evidence). Women taking iron had a higher level of iron in their blood (51 studies, 6861 women) and a lower risk of iron deficiency (7 studies, 1088 women). Only one study (55 women) specifically reported iron-deficiency anaemia and no studies reported mortality. Seven trials recruiting 901 women reported on 'any side effect' and did not identify an overall increased prevalence of side effects from iron supplements. Five studies recruiting 521 women identified an increased risk of gastrointestinal side effects in women taking iron. Six studies recruiting 604 women identified a higher risk of loose stools/diarrhoea (high quality evidence) and eight studies recruiting 1036 women found an increased likelihood of having hard stools (high-quality evidence). Seven studies recruiting 1190 women identified evidence of abdominal pain among women randomised to iron. Eight studies recruiting 1214 women did not find any evidence of an increased frequency of nausea (low quality evidence), and evidence that iron supplementation improves cognitive performance in women is uncertain, as studies could not be combined and individual studies reported conflicting results. Iron supplementation improved maximal and submaximal exercise performance, and appears to reduce symptomatic fatigue. Although iron supplementation improved cognitive performance, there was no evident difference in adherence between iron and control. Daily iron supplementation effectively reduces the prevalence of anaemia, iron deficiency and iron stores, and improves exercise performance. These benefits come at the expense of increased gastrointestinal symptomatic side effects.
This review included five studies with a total of 1,726 patients. The evidence is current to September 2014. The review found that there was no overall survival benefit of the combination treatment with irinotecan and fluoropyrimidine over irinotspecine alone. However, this result may have been driven by findings from a single first-line treatment setting study. The quality of evidence for overall survival was low and for progression-free survival was moderate, mainly due to study limitation from the lack of information on randomisation methods and allocation concealment. There were higher risks of toxicity outcomes grade 3 or 4 diarrhoea and grade 1 or 2 alopecia in controls compared to the invervention group. Evidence for toxicity has been assessed to be low to moderate quality. There was no reduction in all-cause mortality in the combination arm, with a summary hazard ratio (HR) of 0.91 (95% CI: 0.81-1.02). Longer progression-less survival was observed in those treated with the combination chemotherapy, however, this may be due to findings from one study. Given the low and moderate quality of the evidence, future studies with sufficient numbers of patients in each treatment arms are needed.
The review of trials found that a transverse incision is less likely to rupture (wound dehiscence or hernia) and may be less painful. However, there was no difference seen in other early post-operative complications or in the recovery times. There was also no difference in the time taken for the wound to heal or the use of painkillers. The results of this review should be treated with caution as there were differences in the way the trials were carried out and the results should be interpreted with caution. The best incision for abdominal surgery still remains the choice of the surgeon.
We included a total of nine RCTs (981 participants) in this review. Five studies were conducted in Europe and four in North America. The mean age across trials ranged between 32.0 and 43.7 years. In MBR compared to usual care, individuals receiving MBR had less pain, less disability, and were more likely to return to work. However, when comparing MBR to other treatments, we found no difference between the groups in terms of pain, functional disability, or time away from work. Although we looked for side effects in both comparisons, none of the included studies reported this outcome. The effect sizes for pain and disability were low, whereas effects for work-related outcome were in the moderate range. On average, people with subacute LBP who receive MBR will do better than if they receive usual care but it is not clear whether MBR is better than some other type of treatment. The quality of the evidence was mainly low to very low. More high-quality studies are needed to assess the value of MBP for clinical practice.
We included 18 trials reporting on 4843 participants comparing the effect of bisphosphonate administration to control regimens. The trials were conducted in men with bone metastases of prostate cancer metastatic to bone. The evidence is current to May 2018. Bisphosphoates probably decrease the number of skeletal-related events and disease progression. Bisplatinates probably reduce the number and severity of bone metastatic disease progression and probably increase the number (and severity) of renal side effects. These benefits need to be weighed against the increased risk of renal impairment and nausea in men receiving bisphosporinates. Future studies should explicitly evaluate patient important outcomes such as quality of life and pain by using standardized and comparable assessment tools. The quality of the evidence was low to very low for pain response, mortality, and osteonecrosis of the jaw.
We included five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 1093 patients. Four trials compared HDT + ASCT with chemotherapy or immuno-chemotherapy in patients with previously untreated and relapsed FL. One trial compared the addition of rituximab to both treatment arms. The quality of the trials was judged to be moderate. All trials were randomised, which means that the participants were aware of which treatment they were receiving. Due to the small number of studies included in each analysis (four or less), it was not possible to be sure that the results were reliable. For OS, the HR had to be calculated for three trials from survival curves, for PFS for two trials. We found a statistically significant increase in PFS in previously untreated FL patients in the treatment arm of the trial. However, this effect did not translate into an OS advantage. The subgroup of trials (one of which had to stop early due to an interim analysis) confirms these results. In the subgroup (one trial) of trials adding ritukesimab (a new drug) to both intervention and control arms, we found an increased PFS (PFS: 0.42 (95% CI 0.33 to 0.54). However, the effect of this drug is not transferred into an overall survival advantage (OS = 0.97). For this trial, no results were reported on TRM, side effects or secondary cancers. Adverse events were rarely reported and were observed more frequently in patients undergoing HDT - ASCT (mostly infections and haematological side effects). For relapsed patients, there is some evidence (one small trial, N = 70) that HDT is an advantage in terms of PFS and OS. For this study, no difference was found between HDT and control-arm in terms, TRM or other cancers. For patients with relapsed fl, there are no statistically significant differences between the two treatment
We included 15 randomised controlled trials (1437 participants) of WDD for schizophrenia. There was a high risk of bias within the trials, but overall, the risk for selection, attrition and reporting bias was low or unclear. We found that when WDD was compared with antipsychotic drugs, such as chlorpromazine, risperidone, no effect was observed. WDD improved the short-term global state of people compared with placebo or no treatment. However, WDD did not improve global or mental state when compared with other antipsychotics, but WDD had fewer side effects. When WDD + antipsychiotic drugs was compared to an antipsychoid alone, people had better global state and mental state, and side effects were less common. The combination group had fewer people with extrapyramidal effects, and there was no effect on weight gain. The available evidence is not high quality. There were no data on quality of life, hospital use and cost of care. More research is needed.
We included 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 799 participants. We found three new RCTs (228 participants) for this update, bringing the total to 12 studies with a total of 799 people. We judged three studies to be at high risk of bias, and three to be of moderate quality. The evidence is current to September 2015. The review assessed six comparisons. 1. Multistrand stainless steel versus superelastic nickel-titanium (NiTi) arch wires. There were five studies in this group and it was appropriate to undertake a meta-analysis of two of them. There is insufficient evidence from these studies to determine whether there is a difference in rate of alignment between multistrand Stainless steel and NiTi arch wires (low-quality evidence). The findings for pain at day 1 as measured on a 100 mm visual analogue scale suggested that there was no meaningful difference between the interventions (2 studies, 127 participants). 2. Conventional NiTi versus sub-Saharan African (Saharan African) NiTi arches. There was only one study (24 participants) in the group. The findings from this study suggest that conventional NiTi and supererelastic NiTi are similar in terms of alignment rate, time to alignment, pain and root resorption. None of the studies reported the adverse outcome of root resurction. 3. Single-strand versus coaxial (single strand or single strand) supelerelastic (single strand) Ni Ti arch wires. There were only two studies in the comparison group, but it was not appropriate to analyse the data. The results from these two studies were inconclusive. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for the outcomes of alignment or pain, and moderate-quality for the outcome of tooth movement over 12 weeks. Moderate quality evidence shows that arch wires made of coaxial or singlestrand NiTi can produce greater tooth movement than arch
This review includes just one study of 306 older people with dementia and an average age of 86 years. The study was carried out in France and included a total of 16 nursing homes. It did not measure any of our primary or secondary outcomes. We did measure behavioural change using three scales: the Cohen-Mansfield Agitation Inventory, a 29-item scale (CMAI; 29-point scale), the Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI; 12-item score scale), and the Observation Scale (OS). For the CMAI scale, the study reports a Global score (29 items, ranging from 1 to 203 points) and scores (mean scores (evaluable items) for the following four domains of behaviour change: Physically Non-Aggressive Behaviour, such as pacing (13 items), Verbally Aggressive Beh behaviour (nine items), and swearing (three items). Four of the five scales improved in the intervention group. There was no difference in change scores on the Physodynamic scale. The quality of this evidence was very low. There were no differences in NPI or OS change scores by the end of the study. We found one ongoing study. The limited evidence means that there is uncertainty around the effectiveness of de-escalation and the relative effects of different techniques. High-quality research on this topic is urgently needed.
We included 13 trials with 1316 participants in this review. Eleven trials had a small sample size and short follow-up periods. The overall risk of bias in the included studies was high. The data were not suitable for meta-analysis due to differences in the skin care products, skin care procedures, outcomes, and measurement tools. Nine trials compared the use of different types of topical skin care. Two trials tested a structured skin care procedure. One trial compared the frequency of application of the topical product. We found evidence that soap and water perform poorly in the prevention and treatment of IAD. The use of a skin cleanser might be more effective than use of soap. The second trial indicated that a washcloth with cleansing, and moisturising, and protecting properties might be better than soap. Findings from the other trials, all being of low to very low quality, suggest that applying a leave-on skin care product (moisturiser, skin protectant, or a combination), and avoiding soap, seems to be more successful than withholding these products. No trial reported on the third primary outcome 'number of people not satisfied with treatment', or on adverse effects. Little evidence, of very low to moderate quality, exists on the effects of treatments for preventing and treating IAD in adults.
We included seven studies with a total of 333 participants in our review. Three studies studied hospitalised patients, two studies were in an outpatient setting, and two were unclear. The age of participants ranged from two years to young adults. The antivirals in the studies were acyclovir (an antiviral drug) and valomaciclovir (a steroid drug). Follow-up varied from 20 days to six months. The evidence is current to September 2014. The review found that there were no significant differences between antiviral treatment and control groups in terms of time to clinical recovery, duration of lymphadenopathy, viral shedding, and adverse events. However, there were some results that favour treatment over control. The quality of the evidence is very low and so the results should be interpreted with caution. The majority of included studies were at unclear or high risk of bias and so questions remain about the effectiveness of this intervention. Although two of the 12 outcomes favouring treatment have been reported, these results may not be clinically meaningful. There was a reduction in the time taken for patients to recover from their symptoms, but this result was of limited clinical significance. Future studies indicate that clinical signs and symptoms may take one month or more to resolve and that fatigue may be persistent in approximately 10% of patients at six-month follow-up, so this may be a clinically meaningful result. Trial results for the outcome 'adverse events and side effects of medication' were reported narratively in only five studies. In some reports authors were unsure whether an adverse event was related to medication or complication of disease. These results could not be pooled due to the potential for double counting results but overall, the majority of trials reporting this outcome did not find any significant difference between treatment and the control groups. For all other outcomes there was no statistically significant difference. The effectiveness of antiviral agents in acute IM is uncertain. Further research in this area is warranted.
This review examined four trials lasting 24 to 52 weeks involving 2250 people randomised to insulin detemir or glargine. The results showed no significant difference in overall, nocturnal and severe low blood sugar levels between the treatment groups. Insulin glargate was dosed once-daily in the evening with the option of adding an extra dose in the morning in three studies. In one study 13.6% to 57.2% of people were injecting insulin detenir twice daily at the end of the trial. There was no difference in glycaemic control, measured by blood glucose levels equal to or less than 7% (HbA1c) or lower with or without hypoglycaemia, between the groups. However, to achieve the same blood glucose control, insulin deteamir was injected twice daily in a higher dose, with less weight gain but with less risk of injection site site reactions. Only one trial reported on health-related quality of life and found no significant differences between the treatments.
The review of trials found six trials that assessed the effects of SNS for the treatment of people with incontinence. Six trials compared SNS with no treatment and two trials compared two different SNS types. In the parallel group trial by Tjandra, 53 participants with severe FI in the SNS group experienced fewer bowel movements during the 'off' and 'on' periods than the control group, who received optimal medical therapy. However, SNS did not improve symptoms in patients with constipation. In addition, adverse events were reported in some patients where these were reported. Side effects included: pain at implant site (6%), pain at the site of the implant (2%), seroma (2%) and excessive tingling (9%). In the trial by Thin, 15 participants with moderate to severe FI experienced fewer episodes of bowel movements with SNS than with the percutaneous tibial nerve stimulation (PTNS) group. In contrast, the group of 19 participants who preferred the 'on’ time period reported that the average (range) episodes per week fell from 1.7 (0 to 9) to be 0 to 5 (0.7) during the ‘on' period. For those in the PTNS group, the median (range), however, the average number of episodes of incontinent bowel movements per week rose from 3.7 to 11. The trial by Vaizey reported six, and one, episodes of faecal leakage per week in two participants with FI. In this trial, participants did not experience any bowel leakage in either the one-week or ‘off’ periods. Neither of the two trials reported side effects. The limited evidence from these trials suggests that SNS can improve continence in a proportion of patients with a percentage of those with bowel problems, but SNS does not appear to improve symptoms. Rigorous high quality randomised trials are needed to allow certainty in the results for these conditions
The review of trials found two randomised controlled trials (n = 190) that compared molar tubes with either molar bands or with other types of adhesive. Both trials were well-designed and at low risk of bias. One trial showed that there was less decalcification (wearing of the teeth) with molar band cemented with a glass ionomer cement, and one trial showed no difference between the two groups. No other adverse events were found. However, the two trials were small and there were only limited data for this outcome, so more research is needed.
We identified 66 articles (published between 1988 and 2012) that could be included in the review. We collected the data on 7747 patients with gastric cancer who were staged with EUS. Overall the quality of the included studies was good. The diagnostic accuracy of EUS might be considered clinically useful to guide physicians in the staging of people with stomach cancer. However, it should be noted that EUS diagnostic accuracy is lower than that of standard radiologic tests. Moreover, we must also be warned that doctors should be aware of the fact that the accuracy of the EUS test is not optimal either for disease confirmation or for exclusion. We could not identify a consistent source of the differences between the studies. Therefore, the results of this review should be interpreted with caution. Overall, we observed large heterogeneity and its source needs to be understood before a definitive conclusion can be drawn about the use EUS in routine clinical settings.
We identified six randomised clinical trials involving 492 participants. The trials compared day-surgery laparoscopic cholecystectomy (n = 239) with overnight stay laparoscopically (night-time) surgery. The number of participants in each trial ranged from 28 to 150. The mean or median age in the trials varied between 40 and 47 years. The proportion of women in the studies varied between 74% and 84%. With regards to death, only one trial reported on short-term deaths. However, there were no deaths in either of the groups. We inferred from the other outcomes that there was no death in the remaining trials. Long-term death was not reported. There was no significant difference between the two groups in the rate of serious adverse events (4 trials; 391 participants; 7/191 compared with 1/200 (0.5%) in the night-time surgery group) or in the number of people who had to be readmitted to hospital (5 trials; 464 participants; 6/225 (5/239 (2.1%) versus 5/154 (3.2%)) in the overnight stay surgery group). No significant difference was seen in the proportion of people requiring hospital readmission (3 trials; 290 participants; 5/136 (weighted proportion 3.5%). There was also no difference in quality of life (4 studies; 333 participants; SMD -0.11; 95% CI 0.33 to 0.10). Pain was not different between the groups (3 studies; 175 participants; 0.02 cm (MD 0.69 to 0). Time to return to normal activity (2 studies; 217 participants; MD 0.55 days) and the time taken for a return to work (1 study; 74 participants) were not different. No differences were seen between the group of people with or without pain. No significant differences were observed in the rates of failed discharge (failure to
We included eight studies, involving 2488 participants, two more than the previous version of this review. Two studies used a placebo control, and six used 0.04% capsaicin as an 'active' placebo to help keep participants blind to the treatment. We found four studies (1272 participants). At both 8 and 12 weeks, about 10% more people reported that their pain was reduced by at least 30% with the use of high-concentration Capsaicin. About 10% of people with postherpetic neuralgia (pain caused by damage to the nerves caused by nerve damage) also experienced pain reduction of at least 50% or more with high-centre capsaicins compared with placebo. Pain in people with painful HIV-neuropathy (painful nerve damage due to damage to nerves) was also reduced by about 10%. Pain was reduced in about 1 in 10 people (10%) who received high-intensity capsaicine compared with 1 in 11 (10% reduction in pain) with placebo, and in 1 in 12 people (11%) who had moderate or substantial pain relief using a much lower concentration (10 to 12 mg/day) compared with a much higher concentration (12 mg/d/day). The additional proportion who benefited over control was not large, but for those who did obtain high levels of pain relief, there were usually additional improvements in sleep, fatigue, depression, and quality of life. No deaths were judged to be related to study medication. Local adverse events were common, but not consistently reported. Serious side effects were no more common with active treatment (3.5%) than with placebo (3%). Adverse event withdrawals did not differ between groups, but lack of efficacy withdrawals were somewhat more common, based on small numbers of events. We downgraded the quality of the evidence for efficacy outcomes by one to three levels due to sparse data, imprecision, possible effects of imputation methods, and susceptibility to
We included three trials involving 6343 participants. The trials differed in the methods of measuring carotid stenosis and in the definition of stroke. We combined data from 6092 participants. We found that surgery increased the five-year risk of a stroke in participants with less than 30% stenosis. However, surgery had no significant effect on the risk of stroke in people with 30% to 49%. Endarterectomy reduced the risk for people with 50% to 69% symptomatic stenosis, and was of some benefit for those with 70% to 99% stenotic blood flow without near-occlusion. There was no evidence of benefit for people who had stenosis that was not near the top of the brain. We rated the quality of the evidence as moderate to high.
We included 10 retrospective cohort studies, with a total of 864 participants. The participants underwent enterostomy placement in the frame of an operation for: rectal cancer (37/60), ulcerative colitis (14/60) and familial adenomatous polyposis (7/60). The results between the lateral pararectal (parastomal herniation) approach and the transrectal approach (colostomy) were inconclusive. The results of the subgroup analysis (the comparison of ileostomy and colostomy, or ileus or stenosis) in which we compared the effect of the two surgical approaches on the incidence of parastomal or stoma-related morbidity were also inconclusive, as were the results for the subanalysis (the subanalysis) of the surgical approach on the occurrence of stomal prolapse. None of the included studies measured other complications, or deaths related to the stoma. The quality of the evidence was moderate, low, or very low. The included studies were of poor quality. The available moderate-, low-, and very low-quality evidence, does not support or refute one of the studied stoma formation techniques over the other.
We found 24 relevant studies, with a total of 2126 participants. We found no significant differences between supportive therapy and standard care. There were, however, differences favouring other psychological or psychosocial treatments over supportive therapy. These included hospitalisation rates (4 studies), clinical improvement in mental state (3 studies) and patient satisfaction of treatment (1 study). For this comparison, we found no evidence of significant differences for rate of relapse, leaving the study early (one study) and quality of life. When we compared supportive therapy to CBT, we again found no differences in primary outcomes. There was very limited data to compare supportive therapy with family therapy and psychoeducation, and no studies provided data on clinically important change in general functioning. Overall, the evidence was of very low quality.
We found 11 studies, lasting one week or longer, involving 949 people with cancer pain. Most people with moderate or severe cancer pain were randomised to NSAIDs, but fewer completed treatment or had results of treatment. Eight studies were double-blind; two were single-blind. None had a placebo only control. Eight different NSAIDs were compared, eight with NSAIDs alone, three with an NSAID plus an opioid, and one with an opioid combination. It was not possible to compare NSAIDs as a group or with another treatment, or one NSAID with another NSAID. Results for all NSAIDs are reported as a randomised cohort. We judged the quality of the evidence to be very low. Most studies were at high risk of bias for blinding, incomplete outcome data, or small size. None of the studies reported pain reduction at least 50%, and at least 30%, from baseline. With NSAID, the pain was reduced to no worse than mild pain within one or two weeks. Adverse events were poorly reported. Common adverse events were thirst/dry mouth (15%), loss of appetite (14%), somnolence (11%), and dyspepsia. Withdrawals were common, mostly because of lack of effect (24%) or adverse events (5%). There is no evidence to support or refute the use of NSAIDs for the three steps of the three-step WHO cancer pain ladder.
This review included two studies with a total of 287 participants. One study (with an overall unclear to high risk of bias) involved 253 participants and the quality of the evidence was very low. This study, reported that pain at day two and day three was lower in the tinzaparin group than in the placebo group, and also at day 4. Thus, people treated with the low-molecular-weight heparin had more rapid resolution of pain. The mean difference in duration of painful crises was 1.78 days (95% confidence interval 1.94 to -1.62). People in the group treated with tizanaparin had fewer hospitalisation days than those in the control group. Two minor bleeding events were reported as adverse events in the tizaparin groups, and none in the dummy group. The second study (unclear risk of biased) including 34 participants and was a conference abstract with limited data and only addressed one of the predefined outcomes of the review; i.e. pain intensity. After one day pain intensity reduced more, as reported on a visual analogue scale, in the dalteparin group, with the difference of 1.30 on average. The quality of evidence was rated as very low for most outcomes. The most important reasons for downgrading the evidence were serious risk of systematic errors and imprecision (due to low sample size or low occurrence of events). Based on the results of two studies, evidence is incomplete to support or refute the effectiveness of low-metabolite heparins in people with sickle cell disease.
We did not find any randomised trials that compared anticoagulants with antiplatelet drugs for the treatment of carotid artery dissection. We found 36 observational studies (1285 patients) that directly compared the use of anticoageulants and antiplatelets. The results of these studies did not show any evidence of a difference between the two treatment modalities. There were also no randomised controlled trials directly comparing the two types of drugs with each other. There is no evidence to support their routine use in the routine care of patients with heart attack or stroke. Further research is needed to determine the best treatment for heart attack and stroke.
We found 26 randomised controlled trials (2066 patients) comparing silver-containing dressings or topical agents with non-silver dressings. Most of the trials (seven) found no significant differences in wound infection rates. One trial found that a silver-coated gauze (Acticoat®) showed a lower infection rate than silver nitrate gauze. Six trials compared SSD cream with silver-based dressings, and found no evidence of a difference. Thirteen trials (including silver sulphadiazine (SSD) cream) compared topical silver (in a variety of formulations) with no silver dressing. Three trials showed fewer infections when compared with no dressing, but three trials (three trials with SSD cream) showed more infection with SSD than with the other dressing. There is not enough evidence to determine whether dressing with silver sulphate cream or SSD cream promotes wound healing or prevents wound infection. Some poor quality evidence for SSD suggests the opposite.
We included 12 studies with 3571 participants. All studies examined the use of one antibiotic regimen versus another for the treatment of adults with VAP. There was potential for bias in some of the studies because some studies did not report results for all participants. We found no difference in all-cause mortality, clinical cure, or length of stay in the intensive care unit (ICU) between people treated with carbapenems and those treated with other types of antibiotics. We did not find a difference in the number of people who died or had side effects between the two groups of people. Two studies compared tigecycline with a combination of imipenem-cilastatin and found an increase in clinical cure for the combination. Of importance, this effect was due to a single study. The quality of the evidence was very low for the comparison of the two antibiotic classes. We downgraded the quality of evidence for death from any cause, side effects, and length of ICU stay due to the small number of studies. For our second comparison of combination therapy with optional adjunctives, we could not perform a meta-analysis because there was a lack of trials comparing the same antibiotic regimens. However, we found that there was an increased clinical cure in the combination of the antibiotic tigccycline and the combined antibiotic (imipenenem and cilastatin) when compared to the single antibiotic combination. Due to lack of studies, we were not able to evaluate the best antibiotic choice for VAP, but we did find that people with Vap treated with the carbapene class may be cured earlier than other tested antibiotics.
We included 29 ITS analyses (12 were controlled studies) investigating 11 drug classes for restriction. Participants were most often elderly or low income adult populations, or both, in publically subsidized drug benefit plans. The policies varied by drug class, and whether restrictions were implemented or relaxed. The effects of policies on drug use varied, depending on the drug class. When policies targeted gastric-acid suppressant (a drug used to treat stomach acid) and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug classes, the use of drugs dropped immediately and up to two years afterwards, with no increase in use of other health services. Targeting second generation (anti-psychotic) antipsychotic drugs increased the number of people who dropped out of treatment and used other services, but did not reduce overall drug use. Relaxing restrictions for the reimbursement of antihypertensives, statins, and statin drugs increased appropriate use. Two studies measured health outcomes directly, but there were no clear results. Implementing restrictions to coverage of and reimbursement of selected drugs can decrease third-party drug spending without increasing use of health services (6 studies). Relaxing the rules for drugs used for secondary prevention can also remove barriers to access. However, policy design needs to be based on research quantifying the harm and benefit profiles of target and alternative drugs to avoid unwanted health system and health effects. Impacts on health equity, relating to the fair and just distribution of health benefits in society (sustainable access to drug benefits for older and low income people, for example), need explicit measurement. Health impact evaluation should be conducted where drugs are not interchangeable.
This review aimed to assess the effectiveness of one-to-one OHA for oral health maintenance. Nineteen studies met the criteria for inclusion in the review. These studies included a total of 4232 participants. The included studies reported a wide range of interventions, study populations, clinical outcomes and outcome measures. There was not enough evidence to be able to pool the results of the studies. We summarised data by categorising treatments into comparison groups. Four studies compared one form of OHA with no OHA. Two studies reported the outcome of gingivitis. One small study had contradictory results at 3 months and 6 months, while the other showed very low-quality evidence of a benefit for OHA at all points. The same two studies reported on plaque. One of these studies showed a benefit in plaque reduction at all time points. Two other studies showed that these interventions showed a reduction in plaque at 12 months. One study reported on dental caries at 6 months and 12 months respectively. None of the other studies measured dental decay. Five studies compared some form of self-managing OHA (such as self-management) versus a routine OHA, and none of these showed a difference on the outcomes gingvitis, plaque or dental decay (very low). There was little evidence available that any of these methods demonstrated a difference in the outcomes of plaque or gingIVitis. Seven studies compared enhanced OHA or some other OHA method with some other method. There were no clear differences between these methods. The quality of the evidence was very low or low for all outcomes. This means that we are very uncertain about the results. We were unable to draw any firm conclusions about the effectiveness or safety of any particular method of one to one OHA in the treatment of oral health problems. There is a need for more high-quality randomised controlled trials. The design of such trials should be cognisant of the shortcomings of the available evidence presented in this
Five small trials were included: two trials (30 and 49 participants) of oral steroids, one trial (40 participants) with oral steroids or no treatment, one (28 participants) oral steroids and intra-articular steroids, and one (32 participants) steroid injection with or without oral steroids. The trials were of variable quality. No meta-analyses could be performed as no raw data could be extracted from one placebo-controlled trial and three trials used different comparators. The results of the trials showed significant short-term benefits in pain, range of movement of the shoulder, shoulder abduction and shoulder pain and disability scores. However, the effect may not be maintained beyond six weeks. There were minimal adverse effects reported.
We found three randomised controlled trials with a total of 50 participants. All three trials compared rTMS with sham TMS. All the trials were of poor methodological quality. Moreover, the high rate of attrition from the trials increased the risk of bias. None of the trials provided detailed data on the ALS Functional Rating Scale (ALSFRS-R) scores at six months or at 12 months. One trial contained data that could be used in a suitable form for quantitative analysis. There was no difference in the ALSFRS-r scores and manual muscle tests (MMT) scores between the participants and sham participants at the end of the trial. No adverse events were reported. We conclude that there is not enough evidence to draw conclusions about the efficacy and safety of the use of RTMS in the treatment of ALS. However, in view of the small sample size, the limitations in the trials, and incomplete outcome data, we cannot be completely safe.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (with a total of 1049 participants) of moderate to high risk of bias. All studies had different comparisons, none had a placebo group. In one trial, clobetasol was more effective in controlling BP than prednisone alone, but there was no difference in disease control at 6 months. There were no major differences in healing in one trial. There was one trial that compared a very potent topical steroid with a milder regimen. In another trial there was a significant reduction in death and adverse events in people with extensive BP. Milder regimens (using lower doses of steroids) are safe and effective in BP. Starting doses of prednisolone greater than 0.75 mg/kg/day do not give additional benefit, lower doses may be adequate to control BP and reduce the incidence of adverse reactions.
The review of trials found that some herbal medicines may improve the symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome. However, the quality of trials was generally low. Some herbal medicines should be examined in high-quality trials.
We found 22 trials that evaluated the effectiveness and safety of LNG and other hormonal drugs in preventing pregnancy. The studies included a total of 12,400 women. The trials were conducted in Europe, Asia, and the Americas. The drugs and doses evaluated were levonorgestrel (LNG) 0.75 mg (11 studies), LNG in doses other than 0. 75 mg (4 trials), and hormones other than LNG (7 trials). Outcomes included pregnancy rates, discontinuation, side effects, and acceptability. Most women liked the pericoital LNG method in spite of frequent menstrual irregularities. Most of the side effects were mild and not reported. However, the studies did not provide consistent evidence of a relationship between bleeding abnormalities and the frequency of pill intake or the dose of the drug. Most studies were of poor quality. Rigorous research is still needed to confirm whether LNG is effective and safe. If the method is shown to be efficacious, safe, and acceptable, the results may warrant revision of the current World Health Organization recommendations.
We included 15 studies with a total of 561 randomised patients. The studies were conducted in Europe, India, China, South Korea and the USA. The age range of patients was commonly restricted to adolescents or young adults, but two studies were from a much wider age range (12 to 54 years). The distribution of patients in the studies was similar, with a predominance of female patients in seven of the studies. Ten studies with 407 randomised and 390 analysed patients compared surgery with conventional anchorage. There was strong evidence of a benefit of surgical anchorage for the primary outcome of mesiodistal movement of upper first molars. This result is based on seven studies that fully reported this outcome. There is moderate quality evidence that reinforcement of anchorage is more effective with surgery, and that results from mini-screw implants are particularly promising. The results of this review should be interpreted with some caution, as there was a substantial degree of heterogeneity for this outcome, and there was no clear evidence to suggest that any one technique was better than another. No studies reported adverse effects. Information on patient-reported outcomes, such as pain and acceptability, was limited and inconclusive. None of the included studies reported on harms of any of the techniques.
We included 50 studies (45,285 participants): 47 studies (39,820 participants) compared statins with placebo or no treatment, and three studies (5547 participants) looked at two different statin regimens in people with CKD not yet on dialysis. We were able to combine data from 38 studies (37,274 participants). The risk of bias in these studies was high. Seven studies (36,033 people) had lower risk of systematic errors (bias) than the other seven studies (32,054 people) and were conducted according to published protocols, outcomes were adjudicated by a committee, specified outcomes were reported, and analyses were conducted using intention-to-treat methods. Compared with placebo, statin therapy consistently prevented death, major cardiovascular events, all-cause mortality, cardiovascular death, and MI. Statins had uncertain effects on progression of CKD. Statin-related effects on stroke and kidney function were found to be uncertain and adverse effects of treatment are incompletely understood. We conclude that statins have an important role in primary prevention of cardiovascular events and mortality in people who have CKD and are likely to lower the risk of stroke and death. Potential harms from statin treatment were limited by lack of systematic reporting and were uncertain in analyses that had few events: elevated creatine kinase (a protein in the blood), liver function abnormalities, withdrawal due to adverse events, and cancer.
We included nine trials with a total of 379 participants in this review. Nine trials evaluated the use of drugs to treat pain in children with cystic fibrosis. Participants had cerebral palsy (CP) in five of the nine trials, and osteogenesis imperfecta (OI) in four. Participants in the trials ranged in age from 2 to 19 years. Three of the trials (involving CP and OI) evaluated two drugs, intrathecal baclofen (ITB), and two drugs called botulinum toxin A (BoNT-A). All of the OI trials used bisphosphonates (two alendronate, one pamidronate). No trials evaluated a commonly used painkiller in this group. Pain was assessed as a secondary outcome in five trials. For the two ITB trials, in the same study group but at different time points in their disease, both found an effect on pain in CP, favouring the intervention compared to the control group. In one trial there were also eight serious side effects; these included difficulty swallowing and an epileptic seizure. No adverse events were reported in this trial. In both the ITB and BoNT trials, there was no evidence of a difference in pain between the trial arms among CP participants. The adverse events in the BoNT trial involved seizures. Gastrointestinal problems were the most frequent side effect in those who received ITB. No side effects were reported for the trial investigating the drug pamidine. The trial investigating BoNT A did not find an effect in pain on pain. Based on current data this review is unable to determine the effects of drugs for pain for pain in CYP with LLCs.
We included seven trials involving a total of 1697 participants in this review. Three trials involving 1243 patients were included in analyses of efficacy outcomes. Four trials involving 1034 patients were also included in the analyses. We found no data from the seventh trial. There was low quality evidence showing that there was no effect of the drug on cognition in people with mild-to-moderate dementia. However, there was some evidence that the drug may have a small effect on behaviour. The evidence provided on these outcomes was of low quality. The quality of the evidence was downgraded due to the small number of studies, imprecision in the results of the studies, inconsistencies between studies and risk of bias. Nevertheless, the evidence to date suggests that while there is no increased risk of adverse events with the drug, there appears to be a small benefit for behaviour. Further studies should investigate the effect of this drug on neuropsychiatric symptoms.
We included seven trials, involving 735 participants, in this review. We analysed the effects of RIC treatment on preventing and treating ischaemic stroke. We found low-quality evidence that RIC may reduce the risk of recurrent stroke in people with intracerebral artery stenosis, and stroke severity in people undergoing carotid stenting. There was no significant difference between RIC and non-RIC for reducing stroke severity. However, there was a higher risk of death or dependency in people who received RIC. No severe adverse events were reported. No participants experienced death or cardiovascular events. No trial reported haemorrhagic stroke and no trial reported neurological, phycological, or cognitive impairment. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low or very low because of the small number of studies and low risk of bias.
We included six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 204 preterm infants. We found that protein supplementation of human milk increased short-term growth in weight, length, and head circumference. There was no clear difference in the rate of growth of skin fold thickness between the supplement and unsupplemented groups. However, protein supplementation led to longer hospital stays, higher blood urea nitrogen concentrations, and higher serum albumin concentrations. There were no data on outcomes after discharge. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. We did not find any evidence of an increase in the risk of feeding intolerance, or necrotizing enterocolitis. No data were available on the effects of protein supplementation on long-term weight growth, body mass index, body composition, or neurodevelopmental (developmental) or cardio-metabolism (development of the heart and lungs) outcomes. Our findings may not be applicable in low-resource settings, as none of the studies were conducted in these settings. Since protein supplements are now usually done as a part of multi-nutrient fortifiers, future studies should look at different amounts of protein, and be designed to determine the effects on length of hospital stay, feeding intolerance and death from any cause.
We included 45 studies: 14 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and 31 interrupted time series (ITS) studies. Almost all the included studies compared PEMs to no intervention. One study compared paper-based PEM to a CD-ROM version of the same document delivered on CD. The results of this review suggest that, when used alone or as part of a multi-faceted PEM strategy, PEM may have a small beneficial effect on professional practice outcomes. However, the clinical significance of these findings is unclear. We could not comment on which PEM characteristic influenced their effectiveness. There is not enough information to determine the effect of PEM on patient outcomes.
This review of 23 randomised controlled studies (RCTs) found that interventions for young women which aim to promote sexual behaviours that are protective of STI transmission can be effective, primarily in encouraging condom use. There were no significant effects on abstaining from or reducing sexual activity. None of the studies mentioned HPV or cervical cancer. However, there were few studies that looked at HPV and cervical cancer, so it is not clear if these interventions have an effect on these outcomes. More research is needed in this area.
We included twenty studies with a total number of 2337 participants in this review. Twenty studies compared brief psychoeducation with routine care or conventional delivery of information. The studies were conducted in a variety of countries. Nineteen of the twenty studies were carried out in high-income countries. One study was conducted in the US. Brief psychoeducation appears to reduce relapse in the short term and in the medium term, but not in the long term. It also appears to help people to take their medication as prescribed, and to comply with treatment. People who received brief psychoeducational treatment were less likely to be non-compliant with medication than those who received routine care. People receiving brief psycho education were also more likely to have better compliance with treatment than those receiving routine care, but this finding was based on only a small number of studies. There was no difference found in quality of life, nor in the death rate in either group. The quality of the evidence was low to very low, mainly due to the small numbers of studies and the small sample size of the studies. Further large, high quality studies are needed to confirm or refute the use of this approach.
We included 11 studies comprising 9839 participants in our quantitative analysis. Most studies included people with moderate to severe COPD, who had not had recent exacerbations. One drug company sponsored study included 37% of the participants. Follow-up varied from 6 to 52 weeks. All but one study were sponsored by drug companies, thus we rated them as at high risk of 'other bias'. The unsponsored study was at risk of bias, as it may have been selective in how it reported the results. Compared to the LABA-ICS arm, LAMA+LABA has fewer exacerbations, better lung function tests, and better quality of life. The risk of pneumonia is lower, and the risk of death is lower. These results are based on evidence from low or moderate quality studies.
We included three studies with 91 children aged between 6 months and 4 years. All studies were conducted in emergency departments in the USA (two studies) and Spain (one study). The studies compared heliox with 30% humidified oxygen. All three studies were funded by the manufacturer of the drug. All children were discharged from the studies, but there was no information on hospitalisation, intubation, or re-presenting to emergency departments. One study of 15 children with mild croup found that there may be no difference between groups in croup scores at 20 minutes after treatment. There may be little or no difference in mean respiratory rate and mean heart rate. The effect may be similar to 100% oxygen given one or two times a day. In the other study, 47 children with moderate croup received one dose of oral steroid (0.3 mg/kg) with one to two doses of dexamethasone or no treatment. Heliox may slightly improve the croup score at 60 minutes, but not at 120 minutes. Children treated with heliox may have lower mean respiratory rates and heart rate at 90 minutes but there may not be any difference overall. The third study of 29 children treated with moderate to severe croup, found that the effect of heliox was similar to that of 30% oxygen for 20 minutes. We assessed the evidence for all outcomes in this comparison as of low quality due to imprecision and high risk of bias. The included studies did not report on side effects, hospitalisations, intensive care admissions, or parental anxiety. We could not combine the results of the studies because each comparison included data from only one study. The quality of the evidence was low. The evidence is up to date as of May 2017.
The review of trials found that most red flags appear to be of poor diagnostic accuracy. However, combinations of red flags may be useful to screen for vertebral fracture. It should be noted that many red flags have high false positive rates, and if acted upon uncritically there would be consequences for patients with LBP.
We found two randomised trials that compared urethral dilatation and urethroplasty in 210 adult men. There were insufficient data to be able to determine which treatment was the best. One trial found no difference in the proportion of men being stricture free at three years. The second trial found that men who had urethrotomy were more likely to need further surgery for recurrence of stricture. After two years, 16 of 25 (64%) men who were initially treated by urethrostomy had continued self-dilatation. This trial did not find a difference between the two groups in terms of the percentage of men who required further surgery. There were not enough data to draw any conclusions about which treatment is the best for men with stricture disease. Well designed, large, multi-centre trials are needed to answer the clinical questions of this review.
We found six trials that compared intermittent and daily inhaled corticosteroids in people with persistent asthma. A total of 1211 people with confirmed, or suspected, persistent asthma contributed to the review. There was no significant group difference in the risk of patients experiencing one or more flare-ups (1204 patients; RR 1.07; 95% CI 0.87 to 1.32). There was low quality evidence that intermittent ICS (budesonide and beclomethasone) were as effective as daily ICS in improving lung function, airway inflammation, control and reliever use. Both treatments appeared safe, but a modest growth suppression was seen with daily treatment. In children and adults with persistent exacerbations, there was little or no difference in side effects. We cannot currently assume equivalence between the two treatment options. The quality of the evidence was low. Clinicians should carefully weigh the potential benefits and harm of each treatment option, taking into account the unknown long-term (> one year) impact of intermittent therapy on lung growth and lung function decline.
We included 17 studies involving 1639 people with CKD. Three studies enrolled 341 people treated with dialysis, four studies enrolled 168 kidney transplant recipients, and 10 studies enrolled 1130 people. Eleven studies (900 people) compared dietary counselling with or without lifestyle advice, and six studies (739 people) evaluated dietary patterns. Dietary interventions were compared with a control diet, no dietary intervention, or usual care. Studies were followed up for a median of 12 months. The studies were not designed to examine all-cause mortality or heart disease. In very low quality evidence, dietary interventions may reduce the risk of heart disease, but the certainty of this effect was very low. In absolute terms, one person in every 3000 treated for one year may avoid heart disease if they follow dietary advice. The evidence for the effects of dietary interventions on quality of life was of low quality. The dietary interventions had uncertain effects on death, heart disease and kidney disease. Adverse events were not reported. The risk of high blood pressure was reduced by three studies. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes, mainly due to the small number of studies and participants.
We found only one study that met the inclusion criteria for this review. The study included 156 children aged between seven weeks and 24 months with bronchiolitis. Participants were divided into three groups. The results showed that nebulised salbutamol (a steroid) was an effective treatment for young children up to three years old. However, mist in a tent did not lead to a significant decrease in RDS score. We conclude that there is not enough evidence to support the use of mist therapy or steam inhalation in children. More research is needed.
We found four randomised controlled trials (1154 participants, age range 50 to 90 years). All participants had a diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease according to standard criteria. Most participants were already on a statin and most were on a cholinesterase inhibitor. We found no studies assessing role of statins in the treatment of dementia. The primary outcome in all studies was change in Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale (ADAS-Cog). When we pooled data, there was no significant benefit from statin. All studies provided change in Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE). There was no difference in MMSE when we pooled the data. Three studies reported on treatment-related adverse effects. When we combined data, we found no difference between statins and placebo. There were no differences in behaviour, global function, daily activities or activities of daily living. We assessed risk of bias as low for all studies.
Four studies involving 149 participants were included in this review. Two studies assessed the effect of night splinting in 26 children and adults with Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A. There were no differences between night splints and not wearing them. One study assessed the effects of prednisone treatment in 103 boys with muscular dystrophy. While a daily dose of 0.75 mg/kg/day was found to be effective in improving some strength and function parameters, there was no difference in ankle range of motion. Increasing the dose to 1.5 mg a kg/day had no significant effect on ankle movement. There was one study that evaluated early surgery in 20 young boys with Duchenne muscular dystroke. This study showed an increase in ankle dorsiflexion range at 12 months, but there was little difference in function between the two groups. By 24 months, many boys in the surgical group experienced a relapse of achilles tendon contractures. There is no evidence of significant benefit from any intervention for increasing ankle movement or strength in children and young adults with muscular disease. Further research is required.
We found 25 randomised controlled trials (5218 women) that compared upright and mobile (walking) versus recumbent (lying down) or bed-like positions in low-risk labour. The women in the studies were randomised to either an upright or an ambulant (lying on their backs) position. The average duration of the first stage of labour was one hour and 22 minutes shorter in the upright position. Women who were upright were less likely to have a caesarean section (14 studies, 2682 women). They were also less likely (15 studies, 2503 women), and had less need for epidurals (nine studies, 2107 women). Babies of mothers who were standing upright (one study, 200 women) were not more likely to be admitted to the newborn intensive care unit. There were no significant differences between groups for other outcomes, such as the duration of labour, or the well being of mothers and babies. For comparison 2: Upright and ambulant positions (all women) versus bed and bed care (with epidural) with epidural: all women, there was no difference in duration of first-stage labour, the risk of a caeasarean birth, the need for an epidural, or other outcomes related to mothers' and babies' well-being. There is clear and important evidence that walking and upright positions in the first stages of labour reduce the length of the labour, and do not seem to be associated with an increased need for extra intervention or negative effects on mothers' or babies' health. Based on the current findings, we recommend that women should be informed of the benefits of upright positions. They should be encouraged and assisted to assume whatever positions they choose.
We found three randomized controlled trials, but only two had a follow-up of six months or more. The first trial involved 55 participants with the 'disputed type' of TOS, and compared transaxillary first rib resection (TFRR) with supraclavicular neuroplasty (SNBP). The trial had a high risk of bias. TFRR decreased pain more than SNBP. There were no adverse effects in either group. The second trial compared 37 people with TOS of any type, comparing treatment with a botulinum toxin (BTX) injection into the scalene muscles, with saline placebo injection. This trial was of low quality. There was no significant effect of the BTX injection in terms of pain relief or improvements in disability. However, it did improve paresthesia at six months' follow up. No adverse effects were reported. The review was complicated by a lack of good quality trials that compared treatments with each other. We found very low quality evidence from one trial that there was some evidence of benefit from TOS by the removal of the first rib, but there is no randomized evidence that either is better than no treatment. There is moderate-quality evidence from two trials to suggest that treatment with BTX injections yielded no great improvements over placebo injections of saline. There are no trials comparing other treatments.
Twenty-one trials involving 884 people were included. A hand brace significantly improved symptoms after four weeks (weighted mean difference -1.07; 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.29 to -0.85) and function (WMD 0.55). In an analysis of pooled data from two trials (63 people), ultrasound for two weeks was not significantly beneficial. However one trial showed that symptom improvement after seven weeks of ultrasound was maintained at six months. Four trials (193 people) compared various oral medications (steroids, diuretics, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs) versus placebo. One trial also showed that oral steroid treatment improved pain and function. Two trials (51 people) showed that yoga reduced pain after eight weeks of treatment. In one trial (21 people), the use of carpal bone mobilisation (using a device to move the bone back into place) improved symptoms over eight weeks compared with wrist splinting. In two trials, vitamin B6 did not improve overall symptoms. Trials of magnet therapy, laser acupuncture, exercise or chiropractic care did not demonstrate symptom benefit. Other treatments do not produce significant benefit. More trials are needed to compare treatments and ascertain how long the benefit lasts.
We included two randomised controlled trials with a total of 708 participants with CRVO-ME. One trial compared IVS to observation alone, and the other trial compared dexamethasone to sham injections. The two studies enrolled participants with both branch and central retinal vein occlusion. The evidence is current to August 2018. The results of the two studies were inconclusive. The SCORE study showed that participants treated with IVS were five times more likely to have gained 15 letters or more in visual acuity compared with participants in the observation group at eight months. However, eyes treated with triamcinolone acetonide intravitreal injections were less likely to lose letters in the visual field at 8 months. The GENEVA study reported that 63% in the IVS group experienced an adverse event compared with 43% of those who received observation alone. The most commonly encountered adverse events were elevated intraocular pressure, progression of cataracts, and retinal neovascularization. The quality of evidence was low due to study limitations, imprecision of treatment estimates, and selective outcome reporting.
We identified six randomised trials involving a total of 394 patients. Five of the six trials demonstrated a significant efficacy of intranasal corticosteroids in improving nose obstruction symptoms and in reducing adenoid size. The first trial (involving 394 children) showed that treatment with beclomethasone (336 mcg/day) yielded a greater improvement in mean symptom scores than placebo (18.5 versus -8.5). The second four-week study showed that the Nasal Obstruction Index decreased by at least 50% (at least 50%) in 38% of patients treated with a 400 mcg-a-day inhaled steroid (400 mcg per day), whereas none of the placebo group had such improvement. The third trial showed that 77.7% of children treated with mometasone (100 mcg a day) for 40 days showed an improvement in nasal obstruction symptoms, and a decrease in adenoids size, such as a reduction in the size of the nose. The fourth parallel-group trial demonstrated that eight weeks of treatment with flunisolide (500 mcg) was associated with a larger reduction in size of nasal obstruction than isotonic saline (a liquid that dissolves the mucus) solution. In contrast, one trial did not find a significant improvement in nose obstruction nor in the number of children with a nose obstruction. The fifth parallel-study demonstrated that fluticasone, a steroid, reduced nasal obstruction and reduced the amount of adenoidal size, and that nasal obstruction was avoided in 76% of these patients compared with 20% of those treated with normal saline.
We included one small randomised trial (involving 24 women). The study was conducted in Mexico. This study compared a control group who received antihypertensive drugs, anticonvulsant drugs, plasma expanders, steroids and dypyridamole, with a group that received epidural block instead of the drugs. Lumbar epidural blocks were given for six hours using 0.25% bupivacaine, 10 mg bolus and 5 mg each hour on intravenous epidural infusion. The study did not report on all of this review's important outcomes. For the mother, these were: death (death during pregnancy, or up to 42 days after the end of the pregnancy), development of eclampsia (seizure-like symptoms), stroke, kidney failure, liver failure, HELLP syndrome (low platelet counts, haemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, and low platelets) and pulmonary oedema (worsening of blood clots). For the baby, these outcomes were: stillbirths (death in utero at or after 20 weeks' gestation), perinatal deaths (deaths plus deaths in the first week of life), death before discharge from the hospital, deaths within the first 28 days after birth, deaths after 28 days; preterm birth (defined as the birth before 37 completed weeks’ gestation); and side effects. The included study only reported on one outcome of interest to this review: the Apgar score of the baby at birth and after five minutes. There was no clear difference between the two groups. The change in the change in maternal diastolic arterial pressure, which was the other reported outcome of this trial, was not different between the groups. Reported outcomes The included trial did not show that the effect of epidural was beneficial for the mother or her baby. Currently, there is not enough evidence from randomised controlled trials to determine whether the lowering of vas
We found 16 randomised clinical trials that compared glucocorticosteroids to placebo or no intervention. Fifteen of the 16 trials (one of which was an abstract) provided data for analysis. The participants were between 25 and 70 years old, and had different stages of liver disease. Most of them were men. Follow-up was up to the moment of discharge from hospital, until they died (median of 63 days), or for at least one year. There was no evidence of effect on death from any cause up to three months following randomisation, on health-related quality of life, or on the occurrence of serious side effects during treatment. The certainty of evidence was very low for all-cause mortality, and low for the effect estimate of no difference in death due to any cause, serious side effect, or complications. We are very uncertain about the effect estimates of non-serious side effects, liver-related deaths, number of participants with any complications, and the number of people who experienced non-side effects after end of treatment. Based on the information that we collected from the published trial reports, one of the trials seems not to be industry-funded. The remaining 15 trials did not report clearly if they were partly or completely funded by the industry. We cannot exclude an increase in side effects. As the CIs were wide, we could not rule out any benefits or harms of the use of these drugs. Therefore, we need placebo-controlled trials, which are designed according to the SPIRIT guidelines, and reported clearly. Future trials ought to report depersonalised data, so that we can combine their results.
We included four trials involving 245 participants in the review. The studies were conducted with people who were relatively young and the timing after stroke was varied. Study sample sizes were generally small, and interventions, controls and outcome measures varied, and thus it was inappropriate to pool the results of the studies. Included studies were at a low risk of bias for the majority of domains. However, there was a high/unclear risk-risk of bias in the areas of: performance (participants not blinded to which treatment they received), and attrition rate (incomplete outcome data due to withdrawal). We found limited evidence that the use of a driving simulator may be beneficial in improving visuocognitive skills, such as road sign recognition, that are related to driving. There was no clear evidence of improved on-road scores immediately after training in any study, or at six months. Significant findings were seen in favour of a simulator-based driving rehabilitation programme, but these results should be interpreted with caution. Adverse effects were not reported. Moreover, we were not able to find any studies that evaluated the effects of on- road driving lessons as an intervention. We found no evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of rehabilitation to improve driving ability. At present, it is not clear which impairments that can influence driving ability are more amenable to rehabilitation, and whether one approach is more efficacious.
We included eight studies with 582 participants in this review. Five studies were conducted in hospitals with 519 participants (range 28 to 296). Mean ages of study participants were 65 to 73 years, the proportion of men varied (58% to 84%), and COPD was classified as severe or very severe. Corticosteroid treatment was given for three to seven days for short-duration treatment, and for 10 to 15 days for longer-duration (10 to 14 days) treatment. We did not find a difference in the risk of treatment failure (failure to complete the treatment) between people receiving short- duration and long-duration steroids (22 fewer per 1000). No difference in risk of relapse (a new event) was observed between the two groups. Time to the next COPD exacerbation (time to the start of lung function) did not differ in one large study (311 participants) that compared five days versus 14 days of steroids. Length of hospital stay (n = 421) and lung function at the end of treatment did not change between the groups. In five studies no difference was found in the likelihood of an adverse event (side effects) between the different groups. Five days of oral corticosteroids (30 mg in four studies, tapered in one) was the most commonly used treatment for people with COPD. We graded the quality of evidence as moderate, which means that we are moderately confident in the results. More research is needed.
We included one randomised controlled trial (13 participants) in this review. The evidence is current to August 2015. The trial was only published as an abstract and contained only 13 participants. The one included study randomised participants to a restrictive [haemoglobin (Hb) transfusion trigger < 72 g/L, 8 participants] or a liberal [Hb trigger < 96 g/l, 5 participants] transfusion policy. There was insufficient evidence to determine a difference in all-cause mortality (1 RCT; 13 participants; RR 0.13, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.01 to 2.32; very low quality evidence). The study did not report on mortality due to bleeding/infection/transfusion reactions or iron overload, quality of life, frequency and length of hospital admissions, serious infections (requiring admission to hospital), or serious bleeding. There were no anaemia-related complications reported (cardiac failure) and no reported effect on activity levels (no statistics provided). The one RCT included in the review did not provide any information on mortality, mortality because of bleeding, infection, or transfusion reactions. The quality of the evidence was very low across different outcomes according to GRADE methodology. This review indicates that there is currently a lack of evidence for the recommendation of a particular transfusion strategy for bone marrow failure patients undergoing supportive treatment only. Further randomised trials with robust methodology are required to develop the optimal transfusion strategies for such patients, particularly as the incidence of the main group of people with MDS rises with an ageing population. This plain language summary has been written by a consumer Ben Gray, Senior Peer Researcher, McPin Foundation. http://mcpin.org/
We found two studies that evaluated the effectiveness of educational games for health professionals. The first study evaluated a game called "Family Feud", which was based on the popular TV game show Family Feud. This study did not assess any patient or process of care outcomes. The second study compared a game based on Snakes and Ladders, which is a board game, with traditional case-based learning of stroke prevention and management. The study found that the group that was given the game had higher scores on the knowledge test. The effect on knowledge did not differ between the two groups immediately and 3 months after the intervention. The level of reported enjoyment was higher in the game-based group. The findings of this review neither confirm nor refute the utility of games as a teaching strategy. There is a need for high-quality research to explore the impact of games on patient and performance outcomes.
This review identified eight randomised trials involving 475 people. Two of the studies included a mixed group of people with bipolar or unipolar disorder. Relapse was defined as admission to hospital. There was adequate efficacy evidence for lithium or antidepressants to prevent relapse in people with unipolar depression. However, there was not enough evidence to say whether they were effective in preventing relapse. Side-effects were poorly reported in two of the trials. There is a need for more research in this area.
The review of trials found that the amifostine has no significant effects on the salivary glands in differentiated thyroid cancer patients. There was no difference in the incidence of xerostomia, the decrease of the uptake of technetium-99m (a radioactive isotope) by the glands, and the reduction of blood pressure. Two patients in one of the trials had to be treated by withdrawing the infusion and volume substitution. Both patients recovered from the treatment and did not have any further adverse effects. None of the included trials looked at death from any cause, morbidity, health-related quality of life or costs.
We included three studies involving 45 children aged between 29 months and six years with Down syndrome. One study provided nine group sessions and four individualised home-based sessions, over a 13-week period. Two studies compared parent-mediated interventions versus TAU, and the third compared a parent-medication plus clinician-mediated intervention versus a clinician’s intervention alone. We found only three small studies of very low quality. We judged all three studies to be at high risk of bias, which means that we cannot be certain of the results. Two of the studies found no difference in expressive or receptive language abilities between the groups. However, they did find that children in the intervention group could use targeted vocabulary items or utterances with language targets in certain contexts, compared to those in the control group. The third study found gains in total language measures immediately postintervention. In one study most strategies were maintained at 12 months after intervention. No study found evidence of language attrition in either group, while one study found positive outcomes on children's socialisation skills, including improvements in social interaction and behaviour, in the parent group. One of the three studies looked at adherence to the treatment through attendance data, and found that mothers in each group attended seven out of nine group and four home visits. None of the other studies measured parental use of the strategies outside of the intervention sessions. In summary, we found no evidence to support the use of parent interventions to improve the language and communication skills of children with Down Syndrome. There is currently not enough evidence to determine the effects of parent- mediated interventions for improving the language development in children. We need well-designed studies, including randomised controlled trials (RCTs), to evaluate the effect of these interventions. Trials should use valid, reliable and similar measures of language development, and they should include measures of other outcomes, such as family well-being. Treatment fidelity needs to be documented. In light of the serious limitations in methodology,
We included two randomised clinical trials from 1987 and 2004 with a total of 148 participants. Both trials had a high risk of bias. There was insufficient evidence at 3 to 6 months follow up to judge the effect of exercise-based cardiac rehabilitation on patient-relevant outcomes, including death and serious adverse events. We did find that, compared with control (no exercise), people who had heart valve surgery may increase their exercise capacity. We found no evidence at 12 months follow-up for the impact on return to work. Due to limited information, we could not perform a sequential analysis of the two trials. Our findings suggest that exercise may improve exercise capacity for people who have had a heart attack, but there was a lack of evidence to assess the impact of exercise on other outcomes. We cannot say whether exercise improves health-related quality of life or costs. More high-quality randomised trials are needed.
We found five studies that compared meditation with usual care, palliative care or both. Two studies evaluated meditation, and the others evaluated multi-disciplinary care interventions with a chaplain or spiritual counsellor as part of the intervention team. All five studies were carried out in the same country. The quality of the studies was limited by the lack of reporting of design features. We found inconclusive evidence that interventions with spiritual or religious components may or may not enhance well-being. Such interventions are under-evaluated. There is a need for more rigorous studies.
We included six trials with a total of 137 participants. We found two studies with 45 participants examining the effects of tDCS compared to control (sham tDCS) on our primary outcome, impairment. There was no evidence of an effect on change in UPDRS score. However, there was evidence of a small effect on a part III motor test (UPDRS part III score) at the end of the intervention phase. One study with 25 participants measured the reduction in off and on time (time that symptoms are not controlled by the medication) and time with dyskinesia, but there was no effect. There were no differences in dropouts and adverse effects between tDCS and control groups. Two studies with 41 people examined the effects on gait speed, but we found no evidence that there was an effect. In one study with 16 people, we found that tDCS plus movement therapy did not reduce the time people spent in the immobile off state, but it did improve the time that people could move their legs. The quality of the evidence for all outcomes was very low. The evidence is up to date as of March 2018.
We included 12 studies, all of which we judged to be at high or unclear risk of bias. Overall, the quality of evidence was low to very low. Two small studies compared LASB to placebo/sham (N = 32). They did not demonstrate significant short-term benefit for LAsB for pain intensity. One small study (36 participants) at high-risk of bias compared thoracic sympathetic block with corticosteroid (an anti-inflammatory drug), local anaesthetic, and injection of the same agents into the subcutaneous space. This study found no difference in pain at one-year follow-up. Of two studies that investigated LASb as an addition to rehabilitation treatment, the only study that reported pain outcomes demonstrated no additional benefit. Eight small randomised studies compared sympathetic blockade to various other active treatments. Most of these studies were of low or very low quality, which means that the results may not be reliable. Six studies reported side effects, all with minor effects reported. This review is up-to-date as of February 2017.
We searched scientific databases for clinical trials that compared antivirals and corticosteroids in people with Bell’s palsy. The evidence is current to September 2016. We found 14 trials, including 2488 participants. Most were small, and most were at high or unclear risk of bias in multiple domains. We included four new studies at this update. Incomplete recovery A combination of antiviral drugs and steroids may have little or no effect on rates of incomplete recovery compared to steroids alone, but the results were imprecise and the evidence is too uncertain for us to draw conclusions. For people with severe Bell's palsy (House-Brackmann score of 5 and 6, or equivalent on other scales), we found no clear effect on incomplete recovery at month six compared to steroid-treated participants, although the results of this review indicate that this result is imprecis. The rate of complete recovery was lower in people receiving antiviral drugs plus steroids than with steroids alone. There was no clear benefit from antiviral treatment alone. Adverse events Adverse event data were available in four studies providing data on 1592 participants. None of the four comparisons showed clear differences in adverse events between treatment and comparison arms (very low-certainty evidence). Antivirals plus steroids reduced long-term sequelae compared to placebo but the evidence was too uncertain to draw any clear conclusions. Studies also showed fewer episodes of motor synkinesis or crocodile tears in participants who received antiviral treatments compared to those who did not. Antiviral drugs alone probably reduce the late sequelae of Bell's prematurity compared with steroid treatment, but there was no difference in this outcome with antiviral-treated people compared to people who were treated with placebo or no treatment. The overall certainty of evidence was low or very low for all comparisons. This means that the true effect may be substantially different from what we found.
We included two studies, including 97 women, in this review. One study compared LHRH agonist (leuprorelin) use in relapsed (platinum-resistant) EOC with a chemotherapeutic agent (treosulfan). The other study compared the use of decapeptyl with a placebo (dummy treatment). Both studies had different control groups, so we could not combine the results. There may be little or no difference between treatment with leuprorerelin (one study) and the chemotherapy drug (the other) in terms of overall survival (OS) or progression-free survival (PFS), at six and 12 months, respectively. Quality of life was not reported in this study. Alopecia (hair loss) was probably more common in the treosulfans (very-low-quality evidence). Adverse events were poorly reported (no side effects were reported). The quality of the evidence was very low for all outcomes (including OS, PFS and QoL). There was not enough evidence to comment on the safety and effectiveness of these drugs.
We found 17 randomised controlled studies that included term and near-term infants with hypoxia. Ten trials compared iNO versus control (placebo or standard care without iNO). Ninos 1997 studied only infants with a hernia. Mercier 1998 enrolled both preterm and term infants but reported most results separately for the two groups. One trial compared high-frequency ventilation. Six trials enrolled infants with moderate severity of illness scores. Inhaled nitric oxide appears to have improved outcomes in low blood oxygen levels in infants by reducing the risk of death or use of ECMO. This reduction was due to a reduction in the number of infants who needed ECMO (5.3). Oxygenation was improved by 50% in infants treated with iNO. The OI was decreased by a (weighted) mean of 15.1 within 30 to 60 minutes after the start of therapy. The partial pressure of oxygen (PaO2) was increased by a mean of 53 mmHg. Whether infants had clear echocardiographic (pHN) evidence of persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn (PPHN), did not appear to affect response to iNO treatment. Outcomes of infants with hernia did not improve. Infants who received iNO did not have better clinical outcomes than those who were enrolled but were treated only if their condition worsened. Fewer of the babies who were given iNO early satisfied treatment criteria, showing that earlier iNO reduced progression of the disease but did not further decrease death nor the need for ECMO, and there was no difference in the incidence of disability, incidence of deafness and infant development scores between infants who were treated and those who did not. The evidence is up-to-date as of July 2013.
This review aimed to evaluate the effectiveness of lumbar supports for treating low-back pain. The evidence is current to May 2013. We found 15 studies that met the inclusion criteria. Seven preventive studies (14,437 people) and eight treatment studies (1361 people) were included in this updated review. Overall, the methodological quality of the studies was rather low. There was moderate evidence that lumbaregular supports are not more effective than no intervention or training in preventing low- back pain, and conflicting evidence whether they are effective supplements to other preventive interventions. It is still unclear if lumbarb supports are more effective in treating low back pain than no or other preventive intervention. There is moderate evidence to suggest that lumbsar supports are no more effective compared to no intervention and training, and there is conflicting evidence on whether they add extra preventive interventions to the preventive interventions already used. It remains unclear whether lumbarategular support is better than no treatment or other interventions for the treatment of low-bore pain. One of the most essential issues to tackle in these future trials seems to be the realization of an adequate compliance. Special attention should be paid to different outcome measures, types of patients and types of support. The review concluded that there is still a need for high quality randomised controlled trials to assess the effectiveness and safety of these interventions. This plain language summary was adapted by the review authors from a summary originally written by Ben Gray, Senior Peer Researcher, McPin Foundation (http://mcpin.org/).
We included 57 studies with 16,784 catheters and 11 types of impregnations. The total number of participants enrolled was unclear, as some studies did not provide this information. Most studies enrolled people from the age of 18, including patients in intensive care units (ICU), oncology units (cancer treatment) and patients receiving long-term nutrition. There were low or unclear risks of bias in most studies, except for blinding (i.e. the participants and their carers knew which catheter they were getting). Overall, we found that catheter impregnation reduced the risk of catheter-related blood stream infection (CRBSI), with an ARR of 2% (95% CI 3% to 1%), NNTB of 50 (high-quality evidence). We also found that impregnated and non-impregnated CVCs were less likely to be colonized with bacteria. However, there was no difference in the rates of sepsis, death from any cause, or infection in the catheter. We found that the magnitude of benefits regarding catheter colonization varied according to the setting. The magnitude of the effects was also not affected by the participants' baseline risks. There was no clear difference between the groups in the rate of adverse effects, including thrombosis (blood clot), bleeding, erythema (worsening of the skin), tenderness, and/or tenderness at the insertion site. We conclude that antimicrobial CVC systems are effective in reducing CRBSI and CVC colonization, but they do not appear to reduce the risk for other outcomes. Our findings call for caution in routinely recommending the use of these systems across all settings.
The review included 15 studies, of which 14 were randomised controlled trials. The interventions took place in recognised slums or poor urban or periurban areas. These included 9261 infants and children, and 3664 pregnant women. The study locations were mainly Bangladesh, India, and Peru. There were no dietary interventions. All the studies included in this review looked at the effects of nutrient supplementation in pregnant women (three studies), nutritional education for pregnant women, and nutrition systems strengthening targeting children (two studies). All the interventions were adapted to the urban context (e.g. house, community, or service delivery) via systems strengthening. There was no evidence of an effect of the interventions on LBW. The certainty of evidence was very low to moderate. The studies had overall high risk of bias for 11 studies, and only four studies were of moderate quality. None of the studies reported differences in the impact of interventions on social equity issues. The evidence was of low to very low certainty. The main results of the review were based on data from seven studies for LFA/HFA, four for LBW, and 9 for length. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all of the outcomes. We found no evidence that nutritional interventions had an effect on the risk of LBW or on length. We also found no clear evidence that the interventions had any effect on HFA, and there was low-certainty evidence that there was no clear effect on length in children. We did find evidence of a positive impact on length at 18 months for education interventions in women, but this was based on evidence from studies that were of low quality. We were unable to draw any conclusions about the effects on the risks of malnutrition in low- and middle-income countries. There is a need for more research in this area.
This review of trials found that foam dressings are no more effective than other wound dressing treatments for venous leg ulcers. The evidence in this area is of low quality. Further evidence is required from well-designed and rigorously-conducted trials, that employ methods to minimise bias, and report results clearly.
We found two studies that compared celecoxib and etoricoxib to placebo (a fake drug) in 381 IBD patients with rheumatological symptoms. One study (n = 159 patients) compared the two drugs to placebo. The other study compared the drugs to a placebo in 222 patients. Both studies were judged to be of high quality. There was no difference in the number of patients who experienced an IBD flare-up and side effects. After 12 weeks of treatment the IBD exacerbation rate was 17% (14/82) in the celecoxb group compared to 19% (15/77) of the placebo group. No patients in either group died or experienced serious adverse events. Side effects were reported in both studies. The results for disease flare-ups and AEs were uncertain. After two weeks of therapy 4% (5/112) patients experienced an ulceration of colitis, compared to 6% (7/110) of placebo patients. The proportion of patients with an AEs was similar in the two groups (21% and 17%). None of the patients experienced any serious side effects or death. No side effects of the drugs were reported. The quality of the evidence was low due to small sample sizes and short follow-up durations. There were no RCTs that assessed the effects of rofecoxib, valdecoxib or lumiracoxib. Clinicians need to continue to weigh the risks and benefits of these drugs when treating patients with IBD. Further studies are needed.
We found 22 randomised controlled trials with a total of over 2310 participants. The included studies mostly had small numbers of participants, from 4 to 317, and short follow-up periods (4 to 24 weeks). At baseline, six of the studies included only people with ulcers that were clinically infected. One trial included people with both infected and uninfected ulcers; two trials included people who were not infected; and the remaining 13 studies did not report on infection status. The evidence is current to September 2016. We found that there is probably little difference in the risk of adverse events between the different types of topical antimicrobial treatments. We are uncertain about the relative effects of different topical treatments on wound healing, resolution of infection, surgical resection, and adverse events (all very low-certainty evidence). Topical antimicrobials compared with non-antimicrobial topical treatments (non dressings): We found four studies with 937 participants. These studies reported no wound-healing data, and the evidence was uncertain for the differences in the number of infected ulcers and surgical resections (very low certainty). There were four trials with 132 participants in this comparison that contributed variously to the estimates of outcome data. Evidence was generally of low or very low certainty and the 95% CIs spanned benefit and harm: proportion of wounds healed RR 2.82 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.56 to 14.23; 3 trials; 1 trial) for the outcome of infection resolution RR 1.16 (95-CI 0.54 to 2.51; one trial; one study) for wound healing; undergoing surgical resecting (RR 1.67 (95 CI 0.47 to 5.90; 2 trials); and sustaining an adverse event (no events in either arm; 81 participants). We found eight studies with 250 participants, but all of the comparisons were different and no data could be appropriately pooled. Reported outcome data were
We included six studies in this review that involved 5193 participants. We did not identify any new studies for inclusion in this update. We found that zinc supplementation reduced the incidence of pneumonia by 13% and the number of children with pneumonia by 41% in the six studies that we included in the review. On the basis of these results, we were unable to draw any firm conclusions about the benefits and harms of zinc supplementation in children. However, we found that there was no difference in the occurrence of pneumonia with or without lower chest indrawing. The quality of the evidence was low, meaning that the true effect may be substantially different from what we found.
The review of trials found that, despite its benefits in preventing diarrhoeal illnesses, vitamin A has only a limited effect in preventing acute LRTIs. This unexpected result is outside our current understanding of the use of vitamin A for prevention of acute respiratory infections. Vitamin A should not be given to all children to prevent acute lung infections. Low-dose vitamin A seems to have fewer side effects and at least equal benefit to a high dose. Positive effects appear to be limited to populations with acute and chronic under nutrition.
The review of trials found that theophylline has a modest effect on lung function and blood gas tensions in people with COPD. These benefits were seen in people receiving a variety of different bronchodilators (oral and inhaled). However, the number of people who dropped out of the trials was very low, which suggests that the people recruited to the trials may have been known by the researchers to be theophyLLine tolerant.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 439 children, aged 1 year to 18 years, in this review. Each study used a different oral immunotherapy protocol; none of the studies used sublingual immunotherapy. Three studies used placebo (pretend treatment) and seven used an egg avoidance diet (a diet that avoids eating eggs). The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, United Kingdom and the United Kingdom. All studies enrolled small numbers of children and used different methods to provide immunotherapy (oral immunotherapy versus sublingually administered immunotherapy). Most children (82%) were able to eat a partial serving of egg (1 g to 7.5 g) compared to 10% of control group children. Fewer than half (45%) of children (10%) of the children in the treatment group could eat a full serving (50 g to 75 g) of egg. Mild-to-severe adverse events were frequent; 75% of children presented mild to severe adverse events in the oral treatment group compared to 6.8% of the control group. Of note, seven studies used a diet that avoided eating eggs as the control. Adverse events occurred in 4.2% of participants, which may relate to accidental ingestion of egg-containing food. Overall, there was inconsistent methodological rigour in the trials. Eight included studies were judged to be at high risk of bias in at least one domain. Furthermore, the quality of evidence was judged as low due to the small number of participants and events, and possible biases. We found that nearly all who received treatment experienced adverse events, mainly allergy-related. We also found that 1 in 12 children had serious allergic reactions requiring adrenaline (an adrenaline-like drug) and some people gave up the treatment because of adverse events. It appears that oral
We included four randomised controlled trials involving a total of 579 participants. The evidence is current to August 2015. The review found that there is no evidence that an ILR-based diagnostic strategy reduces long-term mortality as compared to a standard diagnostic assessment. No data were available for short-term deaths. Data from two trials seemed to show no difference in quality of life, although this finding was not supported by a formal analysis due to differences in both the scores used and the way the data were reported. Cost analyses from two studies showed higher overall mean costs in the ILR group, if the costs incurred by the implant were counted. The average cost per diagnosis and the mean cost per arrhythmic diagnosis were lower for participants randomised to ILR implant. Moderate quality evidence shows that aetiologic diagnosis is more likely to be made with ILR than with a standard assessment. The quality of the evidence was very low due to the small number of studies and participants, and the fact that only two studies had considered death as a primary outcome. Further trials evaluating the effect of ILR in the diagnostic strategy of people with recurrent unexplained syncope are warranted. Future research should focus on the assessment of the ability of ILRs to change clinically relevant outcomes, such as quality oflife, syncope relapse and costs.
We found four small studies that met the inclusion criteria. These studies enrolled 275 patients with 282 hydroceles. All studies were assessed as having low or unclear risk of bias for selection bias, detection bias, attrition bias (bias) and selective reporting bias. Blinding was not reported in any of the included studies. There was no significant difference in the cure rate between the two groups (3 studies, 215 patients). However, there was significant heterogeneity (I² = 95%). This could be due to the type of agent used or the fact that this is a much older study. When we removed this study from the analysis the result was significant (in favour of surgery). There was an increase in recurrence in those who received surgery (three studies, 196 patients). One study reported a decrease in fever (one study, 60 patients) in the surgical group. There were more infections in the surgery group (4 studies, 275 patients). Three studies reported that the frequency of pain was higher in the sclerotherapy group (two studies, 136 patients) but we could not pool the results because of different measurement tools used in these studies. The cure rate in short-term follow-up (three and six months) was the same between the groups, however there is significant uncertainty in this result. There is a great need for further rigorous randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assess the effects of different types of agents, sclerosant concentration and injection volume in hydrocoeles. These RCTs should have sufficiently large sample size and long follow-ups. Studies should evaluate clinical outcomes such as pain, recurrence, satisfaction, complications and cure using validated tools. The protocols for all studies should be registered in clinical trial registries. The reports of these studies should conform with international guidelines of trial reporting. The cost-effectiveness of the studies should also be undertaken.
We found one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared nebulised recombinant human deoxyribonuclease with placebo in 40 children with tracheomalacia and a respiratory tract infection. We assessed it to be a RCT with overall low risk of bias. We found that there was no difference between the two groups for the proportion of children who were cough-free at two weeks. However, the mean change in night time cough diary scores from baseline favoured the placebo group. The average change in day time cough diaries from baseline was also better in the control group compared to those who were given nebuliser, but the difference between groups was not significant. Other outcomes (dyspnoea, difficulty in breathing, sputum test scores, and lung function tests) were also better with nebulisers but did not reach levels of significance. There is currently a lack of evidence to support the use of any of the therapies currently utilised for treating this condition. It is unlikely that any RCTs on surgically based management will ever be available. For those with less severe disease, RCT on treatments such as antibiotics and chest physiotherapy are clearly needed. Outcome measures of the trachea and other physiological outcomes should be measured in addition to clinical outcomes.
We included 21 studies with 2658 participants. All studies assessed the effectiveness of some form of psychological therapy. We found no studies that included physical therapy. Fourteen studies evaluated forms of cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT); the remainder evaluated behaviour therapies, third-wave CBT (mindfulness), psychodynamic therapies, and integrative therapy. Five studies compared the intervention to enhanced or structured care. Across the 21 studies, the average number of sessions ranged from one to 13. Duration of treatment varied between two weeks and 24 months. Most of the studies reported that participants had chronic symptoms at baseline. The duration of symptoms, reported by nine studies, was at least several years. For all studies, CBT resulted in less severe symptoms at end of treatment. This effect was small to medium. Compared with usual care or waiting list conditions, the psychological therapy reduced somatic symptoms, with a small effect and substantial differences between CBT studies. The effects lasted for at least one year of follow-up. For other outcomes, most studies were of low quality. Adverse events were seldom reported. For some outcomes, psychological therapies generally were not more effective for most of the outcomes. For example, when CBT was compared to enhanced care, the effect was similar. However, as most studies did not describe side effects as an outcome measure, this result has to be interpreted with caution. An important issue was that all studies in this review included people who were willing to receive psychological treatment. It is unclear how large this group is and how this influences the relevance of CBT in clinical practice.
We included 63 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in this updated review. In total, we included a total of 3027 participants in our analysis. We were able to synthesize data from 39 studies on regional anaesthesia for preventing PPP beyond three months after surgery. Evidence synthesis of seven RCTs found that epidural anaesthesia may reduce the risk of PPP three to 18 months after thoracotomy, but we were not able to combine data from these studies. We also found evidence from 18 studies that suggests that there may be a benefit in preventing persistent pain three to 12 months after breast cancer surgery. We could not pool data from four studies that looked at adverse effects because they did not examine them systematically, and reported them sparsely. We did not find any evidence for the use of regional anaesthetics to prevent PPP after caesarean section. We found moderate-quality evidence that intravenous infusion of local anaesthetic (an infusion into the vein) may reduce PPP, but the evidence was of low quality. We conclude that there is low-quality research evidence that regional anaesthetic is beneficial for breast surgery, but it is based on only a few small studies. Larger, better studies, including children, are needed.
Twenty-eight trials involving a total of 1742 trial participants were included. The trials compared first-generation (flupenthixol, haloperidol, thiothixene) and second-generation drugs (e.g. olanzapine, ziprasidone, and valproate semisodium), mood stabilisers (valproate and topiramate), and antidepressants (fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, phenelzine sulfate, mianserin) with each other or with placebo (dummy treatment). All drugs were well tolerated. The findings were suggestive in supporting the use of first- generation drugs, but the evidence is based on single studies. There were few data on side effects. There was a possible increase in self-harming behaviour, weight gain, sedation, and changes in haemogram parameters (blood tests). A significant decrease in body weight was observed in people who took topiramine treatment. The only trial testing single versus combined drug treatment (olanzapine and fluoxetines) yielded no significant difference in outcomes. Total BPD severity was not influenced by any drug. No promising results were found for the core BPD symptoms of chronic feelings of emptiness, identity disturbance, and abandonment. Antidepressants are not widely supported for BPD treatment, but may be helpful in the presence of comorbid conditions. Conclusions have to be drawn carefully in the light of the limitations of the RCT evidence.
We included seven trials involving a total of 349 participants, 217 of whom completed the studies. Of these, two trials were added for this update. Three trials were cross-over and four were parallel-group randomised controlled trials (RCTs). Of the four RCTs, two were new for the review and one was added for the update. Four trials compared washout (saline or acidic) with no washout. One trial compared different washout solutions (stronger versus weaker). We are uncertain if washout has an important effect on the rate of urinary tract infection, length of time each catheter was in situ, or the number of catheters used. We are also uncertain if different compositions of acid solutions, such as stronger or weaker, have an important impact on the amount of blood in the washout solution, blood pressure or spasms of the bladder. The evidence was of low or very low quality. Only one trial was free of significant methodological limitations. There were difficulties with recruitment and maintaining people in this study. The included trials did not report on: number of people who used the catheter, how well people liked using the catheter, or how well the washouts worked. None of the trials reported on: the cost of the wash out, or whether washouts were harmful. The quality of the evidence was very low. The trials were of poor or very poor quality. We were unable to draw any conclusions about the use of washouts because the trials were too small. More high quality trials are needed. These should compare different types of washout, washout volumes and timings, and should compare washouts with each other.
We included 30 studies (18,682 participants in total) in this review. Eighteen studies contributed to the main objective of the review, which was to assess the prevalence of severe fatigue after treatment for childhood cancer. The remaining 22 studies focused on the secondary objectives. We found substantial differences between studies in cancer diagnosis, cancer treatment, age of participants, and questionnaires used to assess fatigue. We could not combine the results of these studies, so we present them descriptively. In 18 studies (describing 14,573 survivors), we found that survivors were more likely to be tired than controls. In three studies (including 268 survivors), survivors were less tired than children aged up to 18 years. In 12 studies (ranging from 4.4% to 61.7%) that included 13,952 survivors, the number of survivors who were tired was lower. In seven studies (1907 survivors) survivors of haematological cancer (blood cancer) were more tired than those of brain cancer (brain cancer). In one study (17 survivors), bone cancer survivors were tired. In four studies, survivors of bone cancer were tired more than control groups. We were unable to combine results for any of the reported risks and associated factors, because we could not conduct meta-analysis. One study (31.4%) reported that over the course of 2.7 years, 32 of the 102 participants reported persistent fatigue. In contrast, age at diagnosis and education did not seem to be associated with fatigue. It is not clear how many childhood cancer survivors suffer from severe fatigue. The quality of the evidence is weak, and we cannot be certain about the extent of the problem. This is also the case for the course and severity of fatigue following treatment, and the strength of the relationship between fatigue and risk factors. Despite these limitations, we do have a comprehensive overview of the existing literature.
We included 36 trials involving 6914 people. There was variation in the antibiotics used, patient characteristics and risk of RTIs and mortality in the control groups. In trials comparing topical and systemic antibiotics, there was a reduction in both RTIs (16 studies = 16) and total deaths (17 studies = 17) in the group treated with topical antimicrobials. However, the risk of death was higher in the treated group. Treatment based on the use of topical prophylaxis alone reduces the number of respiratory infections but not mortality. The risk of resistance to antibiotic use occurring as a negative consequence of antibiotic use was explored in one trial which did not show such an effect.
This review of five studies found that there is insufficient evidence to support the use of physical restraints in geriatric long-term care. The studies showed inconsistent results. One study in the nursing home setting showed an increase of PR use after eight months, while the other three studies found reduced PR use in nursing home residents after seven and 12 months of follow up respectively. The single study in a group dwelling unit found no change in PR use. There is also no evidence supporting the effectiveness of educating nursing staff for preventing or reducing use of PR in the care of elderly people in group dwelling units. The quality of the studies was low.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 416 women. The trials compared glucocorticoid supplementation during IVF stimulation with placebo. Two of the studies had data that we could not enter into analysis, so results from only two trials (310 women) were included in the review. One of these studies was at low risk of bias, but the other was at a low risk. The evidence was rated as low or very low quality for all outcomes. The studies were small and had few events. There was not enough evidence to determine whether there was any difference between the groups in live birth rate. If the chance of live birth with placebo is assumed to be 15%, the chance after supplementation would be between 7% and 31%. There was also no conclusive evidence of a difference in the clinical pregnancy rate. The results of this review suggest that there may be little or no impact on live birth rates. More research is needed. We also found no evidence that there was a difference between groups in the number of women who became pregnant, multiple pregnancy or miscarriage rate. Neither of the included studies reported on OHSS or side effects. The review found that there were too few studies to be certain about the safety and effectiveness of glucocorts in the treatment of ovarian hyperstimulation for IVF/ICSI (until the day of oocyte retrieval). The quality of the evidence was low, mainly due to imprecision, with low sample sizes and few events, and low event rates.
We included eight trials (291 participants, aged between five and 23 years) in this review. Seven trials compared standard-dose rhGH (approximately 0.3 mg/kg/week) to no treatment, and one three-arm trial compared placebo (a pretend drug) to standard dose rhGH. Six trials lasted for one year. Two trials for six months. We found that rhGH treatment may improve some measures of pulmonary function, but there was no difference between standard and high-dose levels. The trials also show evidence of improvement in height, weight and lean body mass. However, these improvements were only seen in people with CF. There is some evidence that there is a small change in blood glucose levels with rhGH, but this did not cross the clinical threshold for diabetes. There was no evidence of an effect on quality of life. None of the trials looked at the effect of rhGH therapy on the cost of care. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. This was due to the small number of participants and short duration of treatment.
We included 26 studies with a total of 1,695 participants in this review. The studies compared removal from exposure and reduction of exposure with either continued exposure, or complete removal from the workplace compared to reduced exposure. In 18 studies, we found that people exposed to low molecular weight agents may be more likely to report absence of symptoms, and their asthma symptoms may be improved compared to those who continued exposure. We found that reducing the amount of exposure may improve symptoms and lung function more than continuing exposure. The quality of the studies was very low. In 10 studies, the number of people who reported no symptoms or improvement in symptoms was similar in those who had reduced exposure and those who did not. In two studies, it was found that the risk of unemployment may be increased after removal from work. In four studies, there was a decrease in income of 20% to 50% after removal. We conclude that both reduction of the exposure and removal of the agent may be effective ways to improve the symptoms of asthma. However, the evidence is of very low quality. More high-quality studies are needed to evaluate the effects of workplace interventions for occupational asthma.
The review included six trials with a total of 1758 participants. All participants were from the outpatient setting and had nonerosive reflux disease. Five trials investigated on-demand use of PPI, and one trial examined abrupt discontinuation. The participants were aged 48 to 57 years. The average age of the participants was 73 years. There was low quality evidence that people taking PPI on a 'demand' basis may have a lower risk of symptom control than those taking continuous use, and a lower pill use per week. However, there was a reduction in 'drug burden' per week with deprescribing. In people with mild GERD, on a demand PPI may lead to an increase in GI symptoms and probably a decrease in pill burden. There were insufficient data to make a conclusion on the long-term benefits or harms of stopping PPI use. None of the included studies reported cost/resource use or positive effects on drug withdrawal effects.
We included 13 randomised trials with a total of 995 participants. These evaluated social skills programmes versus standard care, or discussion group. We found evidence that social skills training may improve the social skills of people with schizophrenia and reduce relapse rates, but at present, the evidence is very limited with data rated as very low quality. We also found that rates of relapse and rehospitalisation were lower for social skills compared to standard care. People’s mental state results were better in the group receiving social skill programmes. Global state was measured in one trial by numbers not experiencing a clinical improvement, results favoured social skills. Quality of life was also improved in people receiving a social skills programme compared to the control group. However, we found no significant differences in the participants social functioning, relapse rates or mental state or quality of life, again the quality of evidence for these outcomes was very low. When social skills was compared to discussion there was no difference on patients outcomes. Cultural differences might limit the applicability of the current results, as most reported studies were conducted in China. Whether social skills programs can improve social functioning in different settings remains unclear and should be investigated in a large multi-centre randomised controlled trial.
We found only one study, at low risk of bias, that compared pegloticase with placebo (a fake drug) in 225 people with tophi. This was the pooled results from two RCTs (225 people) that compared one of three treatment groups: one group was given either a biweekly (two times a week) or monthly (one twice a week), and the other two groups were given placebo (one every two weeks) or no treatment. The results of this study showed that biweekly and monthly treatment reduced tophi in the subset of people with gout who had tophi, but the number of withdrawals due to side effects was higher in both groups. Biweekly treatment resulted in tophi resolution in 21/52 participants compared with 2/27 in the placebo group. Eleven of 52 participants with monthly treatment had to be treated for one or more tophi compared with two in 27 participants. Most withdrawals were due to adverse events. Pegloticase given biweekly resulted in more people withdrawing from the study due to treatment side effects than placebo (15/85 participants versus 1/43 participants), and monthly infusion was associated with more side effects (16/84 participants with peglosis versus one in 43 participants) than placebo. Most of the side effects were reported in all treatment groups. As 80% of side effects in the treatment groups were probably due to flares of gout, which may be unrelated to the drug treatment per se, this may explain the high rate of adverse events in those who were untreated. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. This means that the true effect may be quite different from what we found.
This review identified five studies on oral immunoglobulin for the prevention of NEC. Three studies met the inclusion criteria for this review. Based on the available trials, the review found that there is no evidence to support the use of oral IgG or IgG/IgA to prevent NEC in newborn infants.
The review of trials found that chemotherapy after hysterectomy and radiotherapy is associated with a small benefit in progression-free survival. It reduces the risk of developing the first recurrence outside the pelvis. It could be used as an alternative treatment to radiotherapy, and has added value when used with radiotherapy.
We included 35 studies, from a wide range of countries on six continents. Nineteen studies were conducted in low- and middle-income settings and sixteen in high-income. Some of the studies explored the views of people who had experienced the interventions, while others asked what people felt they would like from a digital health intervention. The studies covered a range of digital targeted client communication, for example reminders, prenatal health information, support for smoking cessation while pregnant, or general sexual health information. Our findings showed that clients' experiences of these types of programmes varied. Some felt that they felt connected to each other, as they felt that someone was taking time to send them messages. They also described sharing the messages with their friends and family. Some clients had poor access to cell networks and the internet. Others had no phone, had lost or broken their phone, or had changed their phone number. Some women and teenagers had their access to their phones controlled by others. The cost of messages could also be a problem. Language issues, skills in reading and writing, and using mobile phones could be problems. Clients who had HIV, family planning, or abortion care were also concerned about how the messages were sent, and some clients suggested ways to deal with this. Some people wanted messages sent at a time and frequency that they thought was convenient. They had preferences for different delivery channels, e.g. short message service (SMS) or voice response (voice). They also had preferences about message content, including new knowledge, reminders, solutions, and suggestions about health issues. The views of clients about who sent the messages could influence their views of the programme. For an overview of the findings and our confidence in the evidence, please see the 'Summary of qualitative findings' tables. Our matrix shows that many of the trials assessing these type of programmes did not try to address the problems we identified. Although this may have been a reporting issue. Our synthesis identified several factors that can influence the successful implementation of
We searched for studies that compared methadone with any other drug treatment or placebo (dummy treatment) in people who had relapsed from heroin use. We found 2467 participants that met the criteria for this review. The results indicate that the medications used in the included studies are similar in terms of overall effectiveness, although the symptoms experienced by people differed according to the medication used and the program adopted. The studies included in this review also confirm that slow tapering with temporary substitution of long-acting opioids, can reduce withdrawal symptoms. However, the majority of patients relapse to heroin use, and more severe withdrawal was observed in the placebo group.
This review found nine studies involving 1109 participants. Antagonist-induced withdrawal is generally more intense but less prolonged than reduction of methadone dose, and doses of naltrexone sufficient for blockade of opioid effects can be established significantly more quickly with this approach than withdrawal managed with clonidine and symptomatic medications. There is a higher risk of adverse events with heavy, compared to light, sedation. The high cost of anaesthesia-based approaches, both in monetary terms and in use of scarce intensive care resources, suggest that this form of treatment should not be pursued.
We included fourteen studies in the review. The studies lasted from very short (10 days) studies of the intramuscular preparation, to longer (three months) studies lasting over three months. The evidence is current to May 2013. We found that, compared to other typical antipsychotics, there was no evidence of a difference in effectiveness between molindone and placebo. There was also no evidence that it was any more or less likely than typical drugs to cause movement disorders, but it did cause significantly more weight loss. The strength of the evidence relating to this compound is limited, owing to small sample size, poor study design, limited outcomes and incomplete reporting.
We included 20 studies with a total of 2125 participants covering 23 different treatments. Each study involved a different set of treatments. They can be grouped into those including a bleaching agent, hydroquinone, a cream, and combination treatments (e.g. rucinol, vitamin C iontophoresis, and skin-lightening complexes like Thiospot). Triple-combination cream was found to be effective at lightening melasma but not when compared to a cream alone. Azelaic acid cream was more effective than 2% of the recommended dose, but not 4% or more. In two studies where tretinoin was compared to placebo, participants rated their melasma as improved in one study but not the other. In both studies, the severity of the melasma was reduced by the treatment. In one study, the adverse events were mild and transient (such as itching, burning, and stinging). The quality of the studies evaluating melasma treatments was poor and the available treatments inadequate. High-quality randomised trials on well-defined participants with long-term outcomes are needed to determine the length of response.
Twelve trials, which randomised 1319 participants, were included in the review. All studies were a minimum of one year long. A significant reduction in surgical failure in the first year after trabeculectomy was detected in eyes at high-risk of failure and in eyes for the first time receiving regular-dose 5-FU postoperative injections. This translates to a number needed to be treated for an additional beneficial outcome of 4.1 for the high risk of failure group, and 5.0 for the main outcome group. Intraocular pressure was also reduced in the primary trabecalectomy group. No surgical failures have been detected in studies assessing combined surgery. No difference was detected for the low-dose 6-methyl-2-FU injection group in patients undergoing surgery for a first time. No significant change occurred in the combined surgery group receiving low- dose postoperative 5.FU. No evidence was found of an increased risk of eye-threatening complications. The quality of the evidence varied between subgroups and outcomes, most notably, the quality of evidence for combined surgery (118 participants) and the evidence for low-dosage 5-FU injections (76 participants). None of the trials reported on patients' perspective of care. The included trials were of poor methodological quality. The results of the review should be viewed with caution because of the small number of included trials and the small sample size. Further research is likely to have an important impact on the results of this review.
This review of 50 studies with 16,154 participants found that long-term use of inhaled steroids (more than six months) was no better than placebo (dummy treatment) at reducing the rate of exacerbations in COPD patients. There was no difference in the number of deaths between the groups. Long-term ICS use did, however, slow down the decline in lung function. There were no major side effects. In the long term studies, there was a higher rate of pneumonia in the ICS group, but not in the placebo group. However, there were more side effects (e.g. candidiasis and hoarseness) in people taking ICS. Patients and clinicians should balance the benefits of ICS (reduced rate of flare-ups, lower rate of decline in quality of life, and reduced rate of bronchodilator reversibility, bronchial hyper-responsiveness) against the risks (side effects such as oropharyngeal candidiasis (bronchial irritation), hoarse voices and pneumonia).
We included 80 randomised controlled trials (5820 women) in this review. They compared 20 different NSAIDs (18 non-selective and two COX-2-specific) versus placebo, paracetamol, or each other. Most of the studies were commercially funded. NSAIDs appeared to be more effective for pain relief than placebo. However, NSAIDs were associated with more side effects (overall side effects: low quality evidence). NSAIDs also appeared to cause more adverse effects (gastric, bowel, and neurological side effects). The evidence suggests that if 10% of women taking placebo experience a side effect, between 11% and 14% taking NSAIDs will do so. There was no evidence of a difference with regard to side effects, though data were very scanty. The quality of the evidence was low. This means that we cannot be certain that the results are reliable.
We included seven studies that compared high versus low levels of PEEP (2565 participants). In five of the studies (2417 participants), we compared the amount of high-PEEP with the same amount of low-PEP in both groups. In two of the three included studies (148 participants), the level of high PEEP was different from that of the low-level group. The evidence is current to August 2015. We found that high levels of high pressure ventilation did not reduce the risk of death before hospital discharge. Oxygenation was improved in the high-pitched group, although data derived from the studies showed a considerable degree of statistical heterogeneity. The number of ventilator-free days showed no significant difference between the two groups. Available data were insufficient to allow pooling of length of stay in the intensive care unit (ICU). The subgroup of participants with ARDS showed decreased mortality in the ICU, although it must be noted that in two of these three included trials, the authors used a protective ventilatory strategy involving a low tidal volume and high levels PEEP. This review indicates that the included studies were characterized by clinical heterogeneity.
This review included 42 studies involving 11,399 patients. Fifteen studies were excluded from the original review due to concerns about the integrity of data, and six studies lacking individual patient creatinine data for the calculation of RIFLE criteria. The review found that HES products increase the risk of AKI and RRT in all patients. The risk of kidney failure was increased in the HES treated group compared to the non-treated group. There was an increase in the need for kidney transplantation in patients treated with HES therapies. There were differences in sepsis and non-sepsis based outcomes only, which may reflect the differing response of the kidneys to fluid resuscitation in pre-renal and postoperative patients. Overall, the quality of the studies was good.
We identified nine studies that enrolled a total of 682 participants. Seven studies compared Rheum officinale with no treatment, and two studies compared it with captopril, a drug used to lower blood pressure. We found no evidence that the drug was better than no treatment in terms of blood pressure and BUN. However, it did not appear to be associated with serious side effects. No data were available on death from any cause, costs, or costs of treatment. We rated the quality of the evidence as low or very low. This means that further research is likely to have an impact on the confidence that we have in the results.
We found 13 papers, representing data from 2745 individuals (n = 1413) with dementia. The IQCODE can be used to identify older adults in the general hospital setting, who are at risk of dementia and require specialist assessment. It is useful specifically for identifying those without evidence of cognitive decline. We found no significant differences between the short (16-item) and the long (26-item version) of the test. The language of administration did not affect test accuracy. The quality of the included studies was not high. There was significant variation in the types of people in the studies, including a highly varied number of people with dementia (10.5% to 87.4%). There was also evidence of suboptimal reporting of some aspects of the way the studies were carried out, particularly around disease severity, and the way they dealt with indeterminate results.
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 91 participants. All three studies investigated various types and intensities of therapy following BoNT for upper limb spasticity. Rehabilitation programmes included: modified constraint-induced movement therapy (mCIMT) (a form of movement therapy in which the affected limb is taught to move in a non-specific way), task practice therapy with cyclic electrical stimulation (FES), and dynamic elbow extension splinting. There was 'low quality' evidence for mCIMt improving upper limb motor function in adults with chronic stroke, up to six months after the stroke, and there was'very low quality' quality of the evidence for elbow splintsing and occupational therapy (e.g. splints applied to the elbow). There was no evidence for the effect of MD rehabilitation on 'passive function' (such as caring for the affected arm), caregiver burden, or individual's priority goals for treatment. The optimal types (types of therapy, therapy approaches, settings) and types of therapy for improving activity (both active and passive) in adults and children with post-stroke spasticities, in the short and longer term, are unclear. More research is needed.
We identified four randomised clinical trials, recruiting 136 participants. Two trials compared the use of lamivudine alone versus HBIg alone. A third trial compared combination treatment with lispro and hibigabutine plus an antiviral drug (lispro) with lamivusine alone, and a fourth trial compared the combination of lamvudine and HBIG with a combined antiviral drugs (dipiviril) after at least 12-month treatment. All trials were open-labelled, and none of the trials were large enough to show a difference in HBV recurrence. No meta-analyses of these trials were performed since the trials assessed different comparisons. We could not derive clear evidence from these trials for the treatment of patients with chronic HBV for preventing recurrence of HBV after liver transplantation. We recommend that large, randomised trials comparing long-term combination treatment to each of the monotherapy alone are needed.
The review of trials found that sugar pill (sulphonylurea) was no better than insulin in terms of blood sugar control at three months, 12 months and at 12 months of follow-up. In addition, there was some evidence that sugary drink (SU) gave poorer metabolic control than insulin alone. There was no evidence that SU caused earlier insulin dependence. One study showed that vitamin D with insulin (20 μg) may protect pancreatic beta cells in LADA. In one study, GAD65 (glutamic acid decarboxylase formulated with zinc hydroxide) was shown to maintain fasting C-peptide levels. However, there is no significant evidence for or against other ways of treatment of LADA, and there is limited evidence to support the use of other treatments.
We included 70 studies (44,958 participants) in the review, and 63 studies (42,784 participants) included in the meta-analyses. Overall, the risk of bias assessment showed that these studies provided moderate or low quality studies. Outcomes at four or more months post-intervention were of particular interest to assess when effects were sustained, beyond the short term. The results of this review indicate that there is no substantive meaningful benefit of social norms interventions for prevention of alcohol misuse among college/university students. We have found that the effects of these interventions are too small to be of relevance for policy-making. Moreover, the significant effects are not consistent for all misuse measures. The quality of the evidence was moderate for binge drinking, but low for other outcomes.
We included three trials with a total of 492 participants who had received 530 THA. The evidence presented was of very low quality. One study (81 participants) compared outcomes for participants randomised to the provision of hip precautions with or without the addition of equipment and restrictions to their functional activities. The study did not measure pain score, global assessment of treatment success or total adverse events. There were no incidences of hip dislocation or adverse events in either group in the initial 12 postoperative months. We are uncertain if hip precautions improve function or health-related quality of life (HRQOL) at 12 month follow-up, or the rate of recovery, when compared to not providing this. Due to the quality of the evidence, we are also uncertain if the incidence of hip dislocations was different between people who were provided with hip precautions and those who were not. One trial (265 participants; 303 THAs) assessed the effect of providing hip precautions to people who had had a THA who did not have the equipment or restrictions on their ability to carry out their normal activities. There was no difference between the groups in terms of pain, function, HRQOL, re-operations or total side effects. This study was of low quality, so we are uncertain about its results. One small study (146 participants) looked at the effects of an enhanced postoperative education and rehabilitation service to promote functional ADL in those who had undergone a thalidomide THA compared to a conventional rehabilitation programme in the community. We were uncertain about the results of this small study. There is not enough evidence to be sure that providing hip safety precautions with and restrictions after THA is effective in preventing dislocation, or improving function. The quality of evidence was very low. We need more high-quality trials to assess the impact of different interventions on pain and restriction on personal ADL, EADL, and instrumental ADL for those who undergo THA, and
This review found three randomised controlled trials that compared LNG-IUD use with expectant management. The evidence is current to September 2013. There is limited but consistent evidence showing that postoperative use of an intrauterine device (IUD) reduces the recurrence of painful periods in women with endometriosis. Further well-designed RCTs are needed to confirm these findings.
We included 24 studies, with the majority (20/24) giving concerns about risk of bias. All studies were conducted in high-income countries, mainly in the USA. All of the studies investigated food products; none investigated alcohol, tobacco, or tobacco products. Six studies investigated changing the number of foods available, and four changed the proportion of less-healthy (to healthier) options. Most studies (4/6) changed the distance at which a snack food or drink was placed from the participants. Four studies (14/18) changed how foods were consumed, and one study (41 participants) changed where foods were placed. The evidence is current to September 2015. The majority of studies were carried out in laboratory settings (14 of24), with adult participants (17/24), and used between-participants designs (19/24). All studies had high risk of systematic error (ie, there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way the study was carried out). The evidence was of low or very low certainty. This means that the true effect may be substantially different from the results of this review. More research is needed to enable more certain and generalisable conclusions about these potentially important effects. This research needs to be conducted in real-world settings, with a wider range of foods - as well as alcohol and tobacco products - and over sustained time periods.
We found no randomized controlled trials that evaluated the effect of PEP on HIV seroconversion. However, we found one case-control study that compared a four-week PEP regimen with a placebo (a dummy pill) or no treatment. This study showed that PEP is not 100% effective in preventing HIV serconversion. There was no difference in the rates at which PEP was offered to people who had been exposed to HIV, but there was a lower rate of taking zidovudine after exposure. The number of people who stopped taking PEP due to adverse events was higher with a three-drug regimen, especially with indinavir (an antiretroviral drug). However, the number of patients that stopped taking the drug was not different. The use of occupational PEP should be started as soon as possible after exposure to HIV. Healthcare workers should be counseled about expected adverse events, and the strategies for managing these. They should be advised that the current practice is partly based on results from individual studies. We recommend a formal systematic review of all relevant animal studies.
This review found that CBT is a useful approach to the management of chronic pain. CBT has small to moderate effects on pain, disability, mood, and catastrophising, but not on pain or mood, when compared with control groups. Behaviour therapy has no effects on mood, but showed a small effect on mood immediately following treatment. There is no evidence to support the use of CBT for the treatment of people with chronic pain, but there is some evidence that it has some benefits. There are too few trials to be sure of the effects of the different CBT treatments.
We included 15 national initiatives, including more than 260,000 people, in the review. None of the initiatives were provided in lower-middle-income countries. All of the studies used an uncontrolled pre-post study design. We found that 10 of the 15 studies provided sufficient data for us to be able to assess the impact of the interventions. Five of the 10 studies showed a decrease in salt intake per person from the start of the study to the end of the intervention. Two of these studies showed that people in the group receiving the intervention were more likely to have increased salt intake. The remaining studies did not show a change in the average salt intake of people taking part. We could not assess the effect of these interventions on adverse effects. We graded the quality of the evidence as low due to the risk of bias of the included studies, as well as variation in the direction and size of effect across the studies. The number of studies was too small to allow us to draw any conclusions about the effects of interventions on the main outcome of salt intake, and we could only perform a statistical analysis for impact. We identified no adverse effects of these types of interventions. The quality of evidence for our main outcome was low. This means that we cannot be certain of the results. Many studies had methodological strengths. However, all were of low quality, meaning that we are less confident in the results of the research.
We included seven studies in the review. All studies had a small number of participants (ranging from seven to 16 people per study) and had a cross-over design. Three studies were of low risk of bias, while four were of uncertain risk. Amitriptyline (three studies), bromocriptine (one study), clonidine (1 study), propranolol (one), levodopa (1) and tryptophan (one) were compared with placebo. The results for each of the drugs were imprecise and we could not tell whether they had any effect or harm. One study found that amitriptyne reduced rapid eye movement (REM) sleep stage and increased the level of sleep. However, the results for other sleep-related outcomes (such as pain intensity) were uncertain. Adverse effects were frequent in people who were treated with levodopride (5/10 had drowsiness, problems awakening in the morning, insomnia and xerostomies (a condition in which the brain’s nerve is damaged). In addition, people who took levodapride were more likely to have shortness of breath in the middle of the morning. Clonidine was associated with low blood pressure in three of 16 people. The use of preventive medication avoided any side effects in people with bruxism. This systematic review points to the need for more studies with larger sample sizes. Ideally, parallel RCTs should be used in future studies to avoid the bias associated with study design.
We included 10 randomized controlled trials with 1015 participants. All studies compared an enteral formula or additional supplements of omega-3 fatty acids (e.g. eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoside (DHA)), gamma-linolenic acids (GLA), and antioxidants) with a control group that did not receive the intervention. Studies were diverse in nature and varied in several ways. We assessed some studies as being at high risk of bias due to methodological shortcomings. We found no differences in all-cause mortality between groups. For the primary outcome, we found no difference in death from any cause (longest period reported) with the use of an immunonutrition (a formula containing fatty acids and/or antioxidants) versus a control. For other outcomes, we are uncertain of the effects of immunonutraction on length of stay in the intensive care unit (ICU) and ventilator days. We are also uncertain of whether immunonutration with omega 3 fatty acids or antioxidants improves oxygenation (the amount of oxygen in the blood) at day 4, or whether they increase side effects such as heart events, gastrointestinal events, or total side effects. The quality of the evidence was very low. The evidence is up to date as of August 2018.
We included 33 studies in this review, which compared different methods of elicitation. We found that more specific questioning led to more AEs being detected compared to a more general enquiry. However, we could not be sure whether this was due to the way in which the questions were asked. We also found that there was a risk of under-detection of AEs in studies where more specific questions were used. This could compromise the ability to pool AE data. There was also a risk that more severe AEs were only detected by an interview, and that this was the case in two studies. The quality of the studies was low. We concluded that methods to elicit participant-reported AEs may influence the detection of these data. We suggest that future studies should use clear methods to better understand how these methods should be used. Any chosen method needs to be feasible for use by both staff and participants. Future studies would be better if they used clear definitions and terminology for AEs, frequency and time period over which they were ascertained, how they were graded, assessed for a relation to the study drug, coded, and tabulated. While the many potential AE endpoints in a trial may preclude the development of patient-reported outcome measurement tools, much could also be learnt from how these employ both quantitative and qualitative methods to understand how questions are asked. This plain language summary has been adapted by the review authors from an earlier version of a summary originally written by Ben Gray, Senior Peer Researcher, McPin Foundation (http://mcpin.org/).
We found 15 studies that assessed interventions to prevent SUDEP in people with epilepsy. We found very low-quality evidence of a protective effect for the presence of nocturnal supervision against SUDEP. This effect was found for 154 cases of SUDEP and 616 controls. This study of 154 cases found no protective effect when a supervising person and a control were in the same bedroom, or when special precautions, for example a listening device, were used. The study did not report the number of non-SUDEP deaths; changes to anxiety, depression, and quality of life; and number of hospital attendances. We rated the quality of the evidence as very low. Further research is needed to identify the effectiveness of other current interventions, such as seizure detection devices, safety pillows, SSRIs, early surgical evaluation, educational programmes, and opiate and adenosine antagonists.
This review included seven studies with a total of 208 people with cystic fibrosis. The age of participants ranged between seven and 63 years with a wide range of disease severity reported. One study was of parallel design and the remaining six were cross-over in design. The studies lasted between four days and two years. Six studies enrolled participants who were clinically stable, whilst one study had a participant who had been hospitalised with an exacerbation. All seven studies compared autogenic drainage to one (or more) of the other recognised techniques of airway clearance. The quality of the studies was generally low or very low. The main reasons for this were the frequent use of cross over design, outcome reporting bias, and the inability to blind participants. The review's main outcome, forced expiratory flow in one second, was the most common outcome measured and was reported by all seven studies. Only three studies reported quality of life, which was also a primary outcome of the review. Six of the seven included studies measured the amount of air in the lungs and measured this in terms of lung function, and three studies measured how much sputum was left in the lung at the end of the study. None of these studies reported on adverse events. Exercise is commonly used as an alternative treatment by people with CF; however, there were no studies identified comparing exercise with autogenic ventilation. The overall quality of evidence was low to very low, mainly due to the small number of studies and participants and the complex study designs. There were no statistically significant differences found between any of the techniques used with respect to the outcomes measured except for one study where autogenic was described as being the preferred technique of the participants in one study over postural drainage and percussion.
This review found that CBT is effective in reducing anxiety, worry and depression symptoms in people with GAD. However, the body of evidence for CBT compared with other psychological therapies is small and diverse, which means that it is difficult to draw any firm conclusions. Further studies examining non-CBT models are needed to inform health care policy on the most appropriate form of psychological therapy.
The review of trials found that giving progestogen to women with recurrent miscarriages may reduce the rate of miscarriage in subsequent pregnancies. However, there was no clear difference in the number of miscarriages. There was probably a slight benefit in live birth rate for women given progestogens. There may be little or no difference between groups for the other outcomes of low birthweight and trials did not report on teratogenic effects or admission to a special care unit. None of the trials reported on any other important maternal outcomes, such as the severity of morning sickness, blood clots, depression, admission to special care units, or subsequent fertility. The quality of the evidence was moderate for live birth and very low for miscarriage. The trials were at low risk of bias for most domains.
We included 14 studies with a total of 1298 participants. Nine studies (704 participants) compared CM vs. control, and five studies (594 participants) examined MIB interventions versus control. We did not find any studies that assessed other types of psychosocial interventions. The evidence is current to September 2016. The included studies were of moderate to low quality. For the most part, it was unclear if included studies adequately controlled for biases within their studies as such information was not often reported. We assessed risk of bias in the included studies relating to participant selection, allocation concealment, personnel and outcome assessor blinding, and attrition. For studies that did measure such outcomes, no difference was observed in pre-term birth rates (three studies, 264 participants), maternal toxicity at delivery (two studies, 217 participants), or low birth weight (one study, 160 participants). However, the results did show that neonates remained in hospital for fewer days after delivery in CM intervention groups (two trials, 103 participants). There were no differences observed at the end of studies in retention or abstinence (as assessed by positive drug test) in any group compared to control (low quality evidence). These results held for both CM and MIB combined. Overall, the quality of the evidence was low to moderate. The present evidence suggests that there is no difference in treatment outcomes to address drug use in pregnant women with use of psychological interventions, when taken in the presence of other comprehensive care options. However, few studies evaluated obstetrical or neonatal outcomes and rarely did so in a systematic way, making it difficult to assess the effect of these interventions on these clinically important outcomes. It is important to develop a better evidence base to evaluate psychological modalities of treatment in this important population.
We identified 31 studies (44 reports) including 27,071 participants and two ongoing studies. The risk of bias in the studies was low or unclear for several domains. Compared with the transfemoral approach, the transradial approach may reduce short-term clinical events (i.e. adverse clinical events) and cardiac death. However, the risk of heart attack in the short term was similar between both groups. The transradary approach may be associated with a lower risk of all-cause mortality (e.g. death, bleeding, and access site complications), but there is no evidence on long-term outcomes. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high.
We found two studies of palliative care interventions for people with advanced dementia. Both studies were at high risk of bias, in part because people were aware of which group they were in. This and small sample sizes meant that we could not combine their results. One study (99 participants) evaluated the effect of a team of carers for people who had an acute illness. While this study reported that a pallbearer care plan was more likely to be developed for people in the carers' group, the plan was only adopted for two people, both in the intervention group, while in hospital. We found no evidence that the intervention affected the number of people who died in hospital, the decision to forgo resuscitation, or the quality of the care provided during hospital admission. The other study (256 participants) looked at a decision aid on end-of-life feeding options for nursing home residents. In this study, carers were more likely than carers in the control group to discuss the choice of feeding with a clinician. This study also reported that carers receiving the decision aid were less likely to have a conflict with the clinician, but the results were imprecise. We conclude that there is not enough evidence to be sure about the effects of these interventions. There are six ongoing studies that we hope to include in future versions of this review.
Three randomised controlled trials were included in this review. There were no significant differences between the two methods of sequencing adjuvant therapy for local recurrence or survival in women with breast cancer. There was one trial (244 women) that compared RT before CT with CT before RT and found that RT before RT increased the risk of neutropenis (blood poisoning), but other measures of side effects did not differ. The results of this review, from three well-conducted randomised trials, suggest that there is no evidence to suggest that one method of sequencing is better than the other for the treatment of breast cancer if it is done within seven months after surgery.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving a total of 622 participants. The RCTs were conducted in the community setting, with interventions mainly delivered by health professionals, and had a short-term follow-up (up to 24 weeks) of up to 12 weeks. Three trials compared CrP plus resistance or weight training with placebo (a substance that looks and tastes the same as CrP but has no active ingredient), and the other four trials compared crP alone versus placebo. We focused this review on investigating which dose of CrP would prove most effective versus placebo and therefore assessed the results according to CrP dose. However, in order to find out if CrP works in general, we also analysed the effect of all pooled CrP doses versus placebo on body weight only. We found no firm evidence and no dose gradient could be established for various weight loss measures (body weight, body mass index, percentage body fat composition, change in waist circumference). Only three studies provided information on adverse events. Two participants receiving placebo discontinued due to adverse events; one event was reported as serious. No study reported on all-cause mortality, morbidity, health-related quality of life or socioeconomic effects. The overall quality of the evidence was low. There were two serious adverse events and study dropouts in participants taking 1000 µg CrP, and one serious adverse event in an individual taking 400 micrograms CrP. No firm evidence was found for any of the outcomes of interest. We concluded that there is no current, reliable evidence to inform firm decisions about the efficacy and safety of crP supplements in overweight or obese adults.
This review aimed to assess the effectiveness of antiseptic treatments for wound healing in people with SWHSI. Eleven studies were included in the review. These evaluated a range of treatments for wounds healing by other surgical procedures. One study compared a zinc oxide mesh dressings with a plain mesh dressing. There was no clear evidence of a difference in the time to wound healing between groups. Two studies compared different iodine preparations with no treatment. The results of these studies were too limited to be able to draw any firm conclusions about the relative effectiveness of these treatments. One small study found that sucralfate cream was more likely to heal open wounds after haemorrhoidectomy compared to a petrolatum cream. This evidence was of moderate quality. The study also found that more wound pain scores were lower in those treated with the zinc oxide cream. There were also more Dermacym®-treated post-operative foot wounds in people who had diabetes when treated with a honey-soaked gauze compared to iodine. The mean length of hospital stay was shorter in the honey group. We found no robust evidence that any of the treatments were better or worse than the others. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to low. This means that further research will have an important impact on our confidence in the results of this review, and may change this estimate.
This review identified five randomised studies with a total of 1049 women evaluating five different technique modifications during CVS or amniocentesis. Three studies evaluated the use of progesterone, hexoprenaline and terbutaline tocolysis. Two studies evaluated use of a continuous vacuum aspiration. There was no conclusive evidence of benefit for any of them. In the absence of clear evidence, the operators should continue to use methods and technique modifications with which they are most familiar. Any randomised trials that are performed to high standard with adequate safety outcomes and power to detect important clinical differences would be clearly welcome.
We included 10 studies: four provided data for quantitative analyses (437 participants). Five studies were randomised controlled trials (1182 participants). Three studies were non-RCTs (1181 participants, 8037 live births). Two studies were interrupted time series (ITS) studies (1 study population of 2,242,438). One study was unreported. Six studies were conducted in upper-middle-income countries (China, Mexico, South Africa), and one study was conducted in a lower-middle country (Bangladesh). Three of the studies were from Canada. Seven studies examined wheat flour fortified with folic acid alone or with other micronutrients. Three of these studies included maize flour fortified with foli acid alone. The duration of interventions ranged from two weeks to 36 months. The evidence is current to January 2015. The certainty of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. The studies had unclear risk of bias for randomisation, blinding, and reporting, and low/unclear risk for attrition and contamination. In one non-randomised trial, wheat flour fortified in maize porridge was associated with significantly lower occurrence of total neural tube defects, spina bifida, and encephalocoele (head and neck abnormalities), but not anencephaly (head, neck and neck problems). In two non-rCTs, serum folicate concentrations were significantly higher among women who consumed flour fortified (folic acid) and other (micronutrient) foods compared to women consuming unfortified flour. Haemoglobin or anaemia was not significantly different between women consuming fortified wheat flour flatbread and no intervention. Women of reproductive age consuming maize flour fortification did not have higher erythrocyte folate or plasma folate concentrations, or higher haemoglobin concentrations, compared to no intervention, and did not experience anaemia. In a cluster of studies among children, there were no significant effects of fortified
We identified six trials. Two trials involving 1,124,483 neonates (210 with CF) with a maximum follow up of 17 years were eligible for inclusion. The two trials compared screening with no screening. One trial compared screening versus traditional diagnosis. The other trial compared screened versus control participants. In the screened group, 88% of screened infants and 75% of controls had lung function within normal limits. Severe malnutrition was less common. At age seven, the odds ratio of weight below the tenth percentile was 4.12 for screened infants, and for height of 4.62 for control infants. At diagnosis chest X-rays were better among screened participants. However, over time, chest radiograph scores were worse. In screened participants, colonisation of the lungs occurred earlier. Screening seems to be less expensive than traditional diagnosis, but more research is needed. Nutritional benefits are apparent.
We found five randomized controlled trials, recruiting 7314 participants and with a mean follow-up of 4.5 years. Only one trial (ACCORD) compared outcomes associated with 'lower' (< 120 mmHg) or'standard' (< 140 mmHG) systolic blood pressure targets in 4734 participants. Despite achieving a lower blood pressure target and using more blood pressure lowering drugs, there was no significant reduction in the risk of stroke. There was a trend towards fewer deaths in the group assigned to the lower target, mainly due to a reduction in non-cardiovascular deaths. Trying to achieve the lower BP target resulted in an increase in the number of other serious adverse events. There was no difference in stroke, myocardial infarction, or congestive heart failure. End-stage renal failure was not reported in any trial. The quality of the evidence was low.
Fourteen trials (709 participants) met the inclusion criteria for the review. One study compared two different types of non-removable casts, one of which did not show a difference between the groups. Seven studies (366 participants) compared non- removable casts with a removable device. In five of those studies, the use of the removable device led to an increase in the number of foot ulcers healed. Two studies (98 participants) found that more ulcers were healed with the cast than with dressings alone. Achilles tendon lengthening (where the tendon is lengthened through the cast) was found to be more effective than the non-reovable cast in one study. Two years after the end of the study, more of the ulcers remained healed in this group. Other comparisons included surgical debridement, felt fitted to the foot, felted foam dressings and none of these showed a significant treatment effect in favour of any of the interventions.
We found five studies that met the inclusion criteria for the review. These studies included a total of 235 participants. Each study focused on breast cancer survivors. Two trials of computer-assisted cognitive training interventions (n = 100) and two trials of compensatory strategy training (95) were identified. One study of meditation (47 participants) and one of physical activity intervention (19 participants) was identified. All five studies were of low quality. We could not combine the results of these studies for our primary outcome, cognitive function. Cognitive training showed beneficial effects on cognitive function and mental well-being, subjectively reported cognitive function, and self-reported cognitive function in patients who received cognitive training. The evidence for the effects of cognitive training was of low to moderate quality. The results of two trials (95 participants) did not show a beneficial effect from the use of cognitive-based strategy training on physical well being, or on mental health, immediately or two months after the end of treatment. However, lower mental-health outcomes were observed immediately post-intervention. We assessed the assembled studies using GRADE for mental health outcomes and this evidence was rated to be low quality and, therefore, findings should be interpreted with caution. Overall, the, albeit low-quality evidence, may be interpreted to suggest that non-drug interventions may have the potential to reduce the risk of, or ameliorate, cognitive impairment following cancer treatment. There is a need for more research in this area. Larger, multi-site studies including a control group, as well as consideration of functional outcomes (e.g. activities of daily living) are needed in order to be able to come to firmer conclusions about the benefits or otherwise of this intervention approach.
We found five trials, all from the 1970s, randomising 343 participants. We excluded one trial. The results of this review show chlorpromazine and piperacetazine may have similar clinical efficacy, but data are based on small numbers of participants and the evidence is of very low quality. We can not make firm conclusions based on such data. In terms of global state improvement, when rated by a psychiatrist, there was no clear difference in global state between the drugs. In both treatment groups, around 60% of participants experienced some sort of adverse effect, with approximately 40% of these people experiencing parkinsonism-type movement disorder. No clear difference was seen in the numbers of people leaving the study early. No trial reported data for change in negative symptoms, negative effects, or economic costs. More high quality research is needed.
This review found five randomised trials with a total of 207 participants. The trials compared the use of colorectal stents with the emergency surgery. The use of stents was successful in 86.02% of the trials. There was no difference in the 30-day mortality between the two groups. The 30 day mortality rate was similar, 2.3% in both groups. There were no significant differences in the complication rate. The average time of relief of obstruction was 0.66 day in the colonic stent group, and was 3.55 days in the emergency surgical group. The stent insertion was successful. The complication rate was 39.22% with stent placement and 45.71% with emergency surgery in the trial. The mean hospital stay was 11.53 days with the colo-stent group and was 17.15 days with that of the emergency surgeon. The procedure/operating time was 113.93 minutes in the colic group and 143.85 minutes for the emergency surgeons. The median blood loss was 50 ml with the stent and 350 ml without stent. The trial design was not well described. The quality of the evidence was low due to the small number of participants in the included trials. Further trials with bigger sample size and well defined trial design are needed to achieve the robust evidence.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) (1867 women) comparing human albumin (seven RCTs), human heparin, HES and mannitol (one RCT) versus no treatment, placebo or no treatment for OHSS. The evidence was of very low to moderate quality for all comparisons. The main limitations were imprecision, poor reporting of the study methods, and lack of blinding. There was evidence of a beneficial effect on OHSS, though there were differences between the studies. This suggests that if the rate of OHSS is 12%, it will be about 9% with the use of albumin. If OHSS with no treatment is 16%, it would be about 5% (2% to 10%). There was no evidence that HES had any influence on the pregnancy rate. If the rate is 40% without treatment, there will be 32% (27% to 38%) with albumin, and if the OHSS rate is 52%, there would be an effect of 29% (19%, to 41%). There were no data on live birth rates. Adverse events appear to be uncommon, but were too poorly reported to reach any firm conclusions. However, there was evidence that there were no reports of adverse events. The quality of the evidence was very low for all of the comparisons.
This review found 10 studies involving 484 patients. There was no evidence suggesting superior efficacy of any one sclerosant over another, but there was some evidence that sclerotherapy was superior to placebo. The evidence did not suggest that any single sclerosing agent was better than any other, but the studies showed that the agents studied were better than a normal saline placebo. However, there was evidence that patients were less satisfied with placebo. More research is needed to determine the best type of sclero(s) to use and the best dosing to achieve the best results. The quality of the evidence was poor, as was the reporting of the studies. Future research efforts should include more demographic data and symptom measures to allow for comparison with findings from observational studies, which would help assess how various risk groups respond to treatment. This plain language summary has been written by a consumer Ben Gray, Service User and Service User Expert, Rethink Mental Illness. Email: [email protected]
We included seven studies (241 participants) in this review. Meta-analysis of these seven included studies was not possible due to heterogeneity of the treatments and many of the studies did not provide sufficient information with their results. No study evaluated the effect of pharmacological treatments for preventing clinically relevant outcomes such as death and cardiac arrhythmias. However, there is evidence that several commonly used therapies effectively reduce potassium in the blood. Of the studied agents, salbutamol via any route and IV insulin-dextrose appear to be most effective at reducing serum potassium. Intravenous (IV) and nebulised (nebulised) salbut amol produced comparable effects (2 studies). When compared to other treatments, the effects of intravenous insulin dextrose, bicarbonate and aminophylline were not studied in any study-controlled studies. None of the included studies evaluated the effects on adverse events. There is limited evidence to support the use of other interventions, such as IV sodium bran or potassium-binding resins. The effectiveness of IV calcium or potassium binding resins and IV calcium salts has not been tested in RCTs and requires further study before firm conclusions can be made. Evidence for the acute treatment of hyperkalaemia is limited, with no clinical studies demonstrating a reduction in adverse patient outcomes.
We included 39 studies involving 4216 participants in this review. Thirty-nine studies, involving 3392 participants, were included in the review. Antibiotic lock solutions (antibiotics and non-antibiotic) were compared to a standard sealing solution (heparin) of the CVC. Antimicrobial lock solutions probably reduce CRI per 1000 catheter-days (27 studies: low certainty evidence), but the effect on thrombosis (blood clots) is uncertain (14 studies: very low certainty). Antibiotics probably reduce the risk of CRI (13 studies: 47% certainty evidence). The combination of the antibiotic and the combination of both lock solutions made little or no difference to CRI days (4 studies: 0.26, 95% confidence evidence). We found that the use of antibiotic lock solutions decreased CRI for tunnelled CVCs (9 studies: 95% certainty of evidence). However, the combined use of both types of lock solution (5 studies: 5% of evidence) did not make a difference to the CRI rate. The effect on the number of people with blood clots (1 study: 0%) was uncertain (3 studies: 1% of the evidence). Our confidence in the evidence is low and very low; therefore, better-designed studies are needed to confirm the efficacy and safety of antimicrobial lock solution. The overall quality of evidence was low or unclear for most of the included studies.
We identified 15 randomised controlled trials (1098 participants) that compared pre-emptive therapy with placebo or standard care. Of these, six looked at pre-estrogen treatment versus placebo (a pretend treatment), eight looked at treatment with antiviral drugs (drugs that reduce the spread of CMV), and one reported on pre-start treatment with oral or intravenous drugs. We found 15 studies (in 1098 participants). We found that pre-starting treatment before CMV-infected solid organ transplant recipients are more likely to avoid CMV disease (6 studies, 288 participants: RR 0.29, 95% CI 0.11 to 0.80) but not acute rejection, death from any cause, graft loss, acute rejection or all-cause mortality. There were no differences in the risks of all cause mortality, graft losses, graft rejection and infections other than CMV. The risk of leucopenia (blood in the urine) was less common with pre-initiation compared with prophylaxis. Other adverse effects did not differ significantly or were not reported. The quality of the studies was moderate to high. All studies were considered to be of high quality. The main limitations of this review were the small number of studies, small sample sizes and differences between studies.
We identified three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that investigated the effects of sweet potato preparations on glycaemic control in people with type 2 diabetes. All three studies were performed by the same trialist. Overall, the risk of bias of these trials was unclear or high. All RCTs compared the effect of sweet Potato preparations with placebo (pretend treatment). The trials were conducted in a total of 140 participants. The trials lasted from six weeks to five months. There was no significant difference in glycaemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) with 4 g/day sweet potato preparation (2 trials) compared to placebo. No serious side effects were reported. Diabetic complications and morbidity, death from any cause, health-related quality of life, well-being, functional outcomes and costs were not studied. There is not enough evidence to recommend the use of sweet potatoes for diabetes mellitus. In addition, issues of standardization and quality control of preparations - including other varieties of the sweet potato - need to be addressed.
We included 19 studies with a total of 440 people with cystic fibrosis. The age of the participants ranged from six to 63 years (mean age 22.33 years). The studies compared the active cycle of breathing technique with autogenic drainage, airway oscillating devices (where air is pumped out through the nose), high-frequency chest compressors (where the airway is pumped through the chest), and conventional chest physiotherapy. In 13 studies, follow up lasted a single day. However, there were two long-term studies with follow up of one to three years. Most of the studies did not report on key quality items, and therefore, have an unclear risk of bias. Due to the nature of the intervention, no one in the studies could be blinded to the type of treatment or the personnel applying the treatment. The studies did, however, report on all planned outcomes, and most had adequate follow up. Five studies, with data from eight different comparators, found that the active cycles were comparable with other therapies in outcomes such as participant preference, quality of life, exercise tolerance, lung function, sputum weight, and the number of lung exacerbations. There was no significant difference between the active and other therapies for lung function. No difference was seen in quality of breathing, lung exercise tolerance or lung function between the two groups of people. There were no significant differences between the three groups of participants in terms of preference. The number of pulmonary exacerbations was not clearly different. All other outcomes were either not measured or had insufficient data. There is not enough evidence to support or reject the use of the activecycle of breathing techniques over any of the other airway clearance therapies.
This review has provided evidence that brief co-incubation of sperm and oocytes may improve the ongoing pregnancy rate for infertile women with IVF. The evidence is up-to-date as of September 2014. Eight randomised controlled trials with 733 women in total were included in this review. The low quality evidence showed an increased ongoing pregnancy and clinical pregnancy rate compared to the standard insemination protocol. Live birth was not reported in any of the included studies. For ongoing pregnancy, there were 127 ongoing pregnancies in two trials including 426 women. Measuring clinical pregnancy, the evidence showed that there were 93 clinical pregnancies in three trials including 372 women. For the miscarriage rate, six miscarriages were reported in one trial including 167 women. This evidence suggested that there was no significant difference in the odds of miscarriage between the two methods. The overall quality of the evidence was low.
This review of five studies found that infants with poorly compliant lungs should be ventilated with a short IT. Long ITs were associated with an increase in air leaks and deaths before hospital discharge. Caution should be exercised in applying these results to modern intensive care, because these studies were conducted prior to the introduction of steroids, post natal surfactant, and the use of synchronised modes of ventilatory support.
We included 33 studies involving 5110 patients. There is a large variety in the ways the TFU was performed (the health professionals who undertook the TFu, the type of TFU, frequency, structure, duration, etc.). Many different outcomes have been measured, but only a few were measured across more than one study. Effects are not constant across studies, nor within patient groups. The studies were of low methodological quality. Of the eight meta-analyses in this review, five showed considerable statistical heterogeneity. Overall, there was inconclusive evidence that TFU is an effective intervention. No adverse effects of the intervention were reported.
We identified 38 relevant trials. These trials were conducted across a spectrum of disease areas, countries, healthcare and community settings. The trials evaluated six broad types of strategies to improve retention. These were incentives, communication strategies, new questionnaire format, participant case management, behavioural and methodological interventions. For 34 of the trials, retention was the response to postal and electronic questionnaires, with or without medical test kits. For four trials, it was the number of participants remaining. Most of the retention trials that we identified evaluated questionnaire response. There was no good evidence that the addition of a non-monetary incentive, an offer of a 'enhanced' letter, letters delivered by priority post, reminders, or questionnaire question order either increased or decreased the response/retention of people in the trial. As our analyses are based on single trials, the effect on questionnaire response of offers of charity donations, sent reminders to trial sites and when a questionnaire is sent, may need further evaluation.
We included eight studies that involved a total of 829 participants. The studies compared the use of the Classic laryngeal mask with either the ProSeal (pLMA) or the PLMA. We found no important differences between the devices in terms of failure to insert the airway, use of an alternate device, sore throat, bronchospasm, gastric insufflation (gastric blockage), regurgitation, coughing, and excessive leak. The quality of evidence for all outcomes, as assessed by GRADE score, was low mainly owing to issues with blinding and imprecision. We are uncertain about the effects of either of the devices on failure of airway or ventilation because we only found very few events. We also found no differences for several complications. The ProS Seal may be faster to insert, but this is unlikely to make a difference to the patient's quality of life. Data were not enough to allow us to draw any conclusions about the effect of the device on other complications. None of the studies reported nausea and vomiting as an outcome.
We found 19 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with 1453 participants. Fifteen of these studies were not in the previous review. The studies were conducted in children with RAP. The mean age at recruitment ranged from 6.3 years to 13.1 years. Fourteen trials recruited children with a range of RAP or functional gastrointestinal disorders; five trials specifically recruited only children with irritable bowel syndrome. The children were aged between four and 18 years. Most of the children were recruited largely from gastroenterology clinics. Most studies included girls. We found that children treated with probiotics were more likely to have less pain at zero to three months postintervention than those given placebo. There was also a decrease in pain intensity in the intervention group. However, we judged the evidence for these outcomes to be of low quality. We also found that probiotics may have an effect on pain at three to six months after the end of the intervention. The estimated number needed to treat for one child to experience improvement in pain was eight. We were unable to combine data from the studies for the outcomes of school performance, social functioning, and quality of daily life, as not enough studies included these. We judged the quality of the evidence to be moderate for pain relief, and to be low for other outcomes. We did not find any evidence for any of the following outcomes: low fibre diets, low FODMAP (low fibre, disaccharides, mono- and polyols) diets, and fructose-restricted diets. None of the included studies reported on adverse events. The evidence was of moderate to low quality due to the small number of children included in the studies.
We included 22 studies involving 4490 participants. All were randomised trials (3 were cluster RCTs), and 19 of the 22 studies had analysable outcome data. Seventeen of the studies had student populations. Findings from the five trials with bias outcomes (n = 1196) were mixed, with effects showing a reduction, increase or consistent with no evidence of effect. The median standardised mean difference (SMD) for the three trials (394) with continuous outcomes was 0.25 (95% CI -1.39 to -0.31) and the median SMD for the two trials (802) with dichotomous discrimination outcomes was 1.30 (95 CI 0.53 to 3.19). The 19 trials with prejudice outcomes had median SMDs of 3176 (0.38 (immediate), 0.49 (1 week to 2 months) and 0.94 (1.94) (2.40) (6 to 9 months). The average SMD across all studies was 2.94. This means that a small to medium effect in decreasing prejudice may be equivalent to a reduction in the level of prejudice from the schizophrenia to the major depression. The studies were very diverse, statistically, in their populations, interventions and outcomes. Only two meta-analyses of two subgroups were warranted. Data on other outcomes were sparse. Cost data were given on request for three studies, but they did not address cost-effectiveness. Two studies (455 and 455) contained statements of adverse effects and neither reported any. The findings of this review are limited by the quality of the evidence. The evidence was of low to very low quality, which means that we cannot be certain about the results. There were few studies in middle- and low-income countries, or with employers or health professionals as the target group, and none targeted at children and adolescents. More research is needed to establish the effects of mass media interventions on prejudice, to better
We included 85 studies in our synthesis. Forty-six studies explored the views and experiences of healthy pregnant women, 17 studies explored their views, and 22 studies combined the views of both women and healthcare providers. The studies took place in 41 countries, including eight high-income, 18 middle-income and 15 low-income countries. We found 52 findings in total, and grouped them into three thematic domains. These were: socio-cultural context (11 findings), service design and provision (17 findings) and what matters to women (17 results). The third domain was sub-divided into two areas; personalised supportive care, and safety. For women, initial or continued use of ANC depends on a belief that doing so will be a good experience. Women’s perceptions of the value of ANC depend on their general beliefs about pregnancy as a healthy or a risky state, and on their reaction to being pregnant. Whether they continue to use ANC or not depends on their experience when they access it for the first time. For healthcare providers, to deliver the kind of high-quality, relationship-based, locally accessible ANC that will help women and their babies, depends on the provision of sufficient resources and staff as well as the time to provide flexible, private appointments that are not overloaded. Such provision also depends on organisational norms and values, that overtly value kind, caring staff who make effective, culturally-appropriate links with local communities, and who respect women’'s belief that pregnancy is just a normal life event, but who can recognise and respond to complications when they arise. Healthcare providers also require to have sufficient training and education to do their job well. They do not need to demand extra informal funds from women or their families, to add to their income, or to fund essential supplies. This review has identified key barriers to the uptake (or not) of ANC services by pregnant women. It complements existing reviews of the models of ANC provision. It provides essential insights into
The review of trials found that oral nimodipine reduced the risk of poor outcome and the occurrence of secondary ischaemia after SAH. The results for 'poor outcome' depend largely on a single large trial of oral calcium antagonists; the results for other calcium antagonists were inconclusive. The review found that magnesium sulphate reduced the incidence of second ischaemic events and the number of patients needed to be treated. However, the results of the present review should be interpreted with caution as the results were based on three small trials. Intravenous (into the vein) administration of calcium antagonists cannot be recommended for routine practice. Magnesium sulphate has been shown to be a promising agent in the treatment of aneurysmal sepsis but more evidence is needed before definite conclusions can be drawn.
We identified three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) including 739 children. They all used an age of one year as the cut-off point for pre-treatment risk stratification. The first search identified a manuscript for one of these RCTs. The second update identified an erratum of this study. We found that myeloablative therapy seems to work in terms of event-free survival. However, we found no evidence of effect on overall survival. No information on quality of life was reported. All studies had some methodological limitations. In one study (379 patients) there was a higher incidence of renal effects, interstitial lung disease, veno-occlusive disease and sepsis in the group of patients treated with myeloablation compared to the control group. No conclusions can be made regarding the best treatment strategy for this group of children. It should be kept in mind that the age cut-point for high risk disease was changed from one year to 18 months. As a result of this change, it is possible that patients with what is now classified as intermediate-risk disease have been included in the high-risk groups. Consequently, the relevance of the results of these studies to the current practice can be questioned.
We found eight randomised clinical trials (632 participants) that met our inclusion criteria. The mean age ranged from 16 years to 78 years. The proportion of men ranged from 60% to 75% and the proportion of people with advanced liver cancer ranged from 22% to 85%. The average follow-up duration was 12 months. All eight trials were at high risk of bias, and we rated the evidence as low to very low quality. TACE followed by 3-DCRT compared with TACE alone may reduce the risk of death from any cause at three years after treatment. However, we are uncertain of the results of the reported non-serious adverse events. We are also very uncertain about the effect of TACE on health-related quality of life. None of the trials reported serious side effects. We found no evidence that TACE was associated with an increased risk of adverse events such as leukopenia (low white blood cell counts), serum transaminases (which are markers of tumour growth), or serum alpha-fetoprotein (AFP), but these data were from one trial only. We judged the certainty of the evidence to be low or very low, because of the small number of trials and participants, and because the quality of the included trials was poor.
No randomised controlled trials were identified. However, two excluded trials provided some insights into the topic. One study showed that infants with CLD/BPD who were fed formula enriched with protein and minerals had improved growth parameters up until three months of corrected age. The other study showed a different energy density of formula but identical feed volume for both groups. It showed that both groups were not able to achieve the pre-designated feed volumes and that there were no differences in growth, lung function, oedema and diuretic requirements. To date, no trials have been identified that examine the effects of increased versus standard energy intake for preterm infants with (or developing) chronic lung disease.
We included 13 studies enrolling 2341 participants (and involving 2360 procedures) in this review. The quality of evidence was very low (subclavian vein N = 3) or low (femoral vein S = 1) for most outcomes. Most of the trials had unclear risk of bias across the six domains, and there was significant variation among the studies. For the subclavion vein (nine trials, 2030 participants, 2049 procedures), we found that two-dimensional ultrasound may have reduced the risk of accidental puncture (three trials, 498 participants, risk ratio (RR) 0.21, 95% CI 0.06 to 0.82) and haematoma (blood clot formation) and the time taken to insert the catheter (US). No evidence was found of a difference in total or other complications. However, success on the first attempt was found to be more likely with ultrasound, and a small increase in the success rate was noted. No data on deaths or participant-reported outcomes were provided. For femoral vein, we found fewer data for analysis, and we found no evidence of any difference between the two techniques. The results for Doppler ultrasound techniques versus anatomical landmark techniques are uncertain.
Fifteen studies were included. Four studies, 29 people, used an intravenous infusion; seven studies, 131 people used a conventional oral form; four, 1456 people used an oral form of the drug; and one study, 181 people use a verum skin patch. The evidence of effectiveness of physostigmine for the treatment of people with Alzheimer's disease is limited. The best dose (mean 33 mg/day) showed no benefit compared with placebo. There were more people withdrawing from the trial due to side effects, and more people suffering at least one event of nausea, vomiting, diarrhoea, dizziness, stomach pain, flatulence, or sweating. The results from two of the four studies of the controlled-release form apply only to a group of people who were identified as responders in a pre-randomization period. When no attempt was made to identify people who responded to treatment and all relevant patients were included in the trial, fixed dose (average 33 mg per day) was associated with a higher rate of withdrawal. The fixed dose of the oral form (mean 5.7mg/day), delivered at 24 weeks, showed no difference between the higher dose (higher and lower dose) and placebo for the numbers of people showing improvement in cognition. The single dose (delivering mean dose 12 mg/daily) caused more people to withdraw from the study for side effects. The two studies of a controlled release form showed no evidence of benefit.
We included 13 trials involving a total of 16,112 participants. Eleven trials recruited participants with a history of coronary heart disease, two trials recruited people with previous stroke, and one trial included people with a mix of people with CVD. We judged overall risk of bias to be moderate. We found that fibrates can be effective in the prevention of stroke, heart attack, and death from vascular causes. However, this beneficial effect is based on the use of clofibrate, a drug that was discontinued in 2002 due to safety concerns. There was no increase in adverse events, and there was no difference between fibrate and placebo groups in terms of adverse events. The evidence is up to date as of August 2018.
The review of trials found that giving TA (in addition to uterotonic drugs) decreases blood loss and prevents PPH in women at low risk of PPH following elective CS and spontaneous birth. The effect of TA on blood loss greater than 500 mL or 400 mL was more pronounced in the group of women having CS, but not in women who had CS. Mean blood loss (from delivery until two hours postpartum) was lower in the women who received TA versus placebo or no intervention. This effect was similar following vaginal birth and CS. There is not enough evidence to draw any conclusions about the effects of TA for serious side effects. Mild side effects (e.g. nausea, vomiting, dizziness) were more common with the use of TA. There was an increase in the incidence of minor side effects, such as nausea and vomiting, with the addition of TA in addition to the usual prophylactic uterotonics (drugs used to prevent excessive bleeding). There is insufficient evidence to make any conclusions on the effects on the risk of thromboembolic events and death.
We found 12 studies (2494 participants: 1586 children and 908 elderly) comparing amantadine with placebo (dummy treatment) or paracetamol, zanamivir (two trials: 545 elderly) to treat influenza A. The studies were of low quality. The results of the studies do not indicate that amantdine or rimantadines are useful in preventing, treating and shortening duration of flu A in children and the elderly. The quality of the evidence was very low. There was no evidence of adverse effects.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in this review. These trials included a total of 1512 women. Eight trials compared endometrial injury with no intervention or a sham procedure. One trial compared higher degree versus lower degree of endometrium injury. In seven studies the women were undergoing IUI, and in two studies they were trying to conceive from sexual intercourse. The evidence is current to May 2015. We are uncertain about the effect on live birth/ongoing pregnancy as the quality of the evidence has been assessed as very low. When we restricted the analysis to only studies at low risk of bias the effect was imprecise and the evidence remained of very low quality. The quality of evidence was downgraded because the included studies were at a high risk of systematic error and had an overall low level of precision. The included studies did not report the primary outcome of pain during the procedure. In all three comparisons there was no evidence of an effect on miscarriage, ectopic pregnancy or multiple pregnancy. No studies reported bleeding secondary to the procedure, but only one study reported this outcome. The pooled results should be interpreted with caution. The main reasons for downgrading the evidence were most included studies had a high number of participants and were of low precision. Further well-conducted RCTs that recruit large numbers of women and minimise internal bias are required to confirm or refute these findings.
We included four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 3905 participants. The studies all evaluated one comparison: professional oral care versus no oral care. We did not pool the results from one study (N = 834 participants) due to lack of a clear difference between groups. We found no high-quality evidence to show which oral care method is the most effective for reducing nursing home-acquired pneumonia. The evidence was of low-quality. We were not able to determine whether professional care resulted in a lower rate of pneumonia-associated mortality compared with usual oral care in nursing homes. There was also no clear evidence of a difference in the number of first episodes of first pneumonia. We are uncertain whether or not professional care may reduce the risk of death from any cause compared to usual care. Only one study measured adverse effects. The study found no serious events and 64 non-serious events. The most common adverse effects were tooth decay and tooth staining. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. We judged the overall quality of evidence to be low for all outcomes. The main limitations were the small numbers of studies and participants, and the small number of participants in each study.
We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 149 participants. These studies assessed bismuth subsalicylate versus placebo (a pretend drug), budesonide versus placebo, mesalazine plus cholestyramine and beclometasone dipropionate (an antifungal drug) versus mesalamide. Budesonide (9 mg/day for 6 to 8 weeks) was found to be more effective than placebo for induction of clinical and histological response. There was no difference in clinical response or histological responses in patients treated with this drug compared with placebo. There were also no differences in clinical (P=0.10) or histology (P = 0.71) responses in the study studying bismUTH subsalcylate (nine 262 mg tablets a day for 8 weeks). Forty-six patients were enrolled in the trial studying beclometriclytic drugs (5 mg a day or 10 mg/d daily) versus placebo. Forty-one patients were included in a study comparing the effects of mesalamine (2.4 g/day) (2 mg per day) with the effect of a placebo (4 g per day). There were no differences between the groups in terms of clinical response at 8 weeks, 12 months or at 12 months. Side effects of these drugs include nausea, vomiting, headache, neck pain, abdominal pain, skin rash and headache. Nausea and skin rash were reported as side effects in the mesalanazine study. Adverse events in the beclometry trial include nausea and sleepiness. No side effects were reported in the bismuther subsalcyylate study. The quality of the evidence was low due to the small number of patients in the studies and the low number of data. Further studies are needed to confirm the effectiveness of these treatments for lymphocytic colitis.
We included 12 randomised controlled trials with a total of 3259 participants. The intervention duration ranged from 6 months (26 weeks) to 12 months (52 weeks). Nine trials compared self-monitoring of blood glucose with usual care without monitoring, one trial compared SMBG with SMUG, one study was a three-armed trial with SMBG and SMUG versus usual care, and one trial had two arms: one arm had less intensive SMBG, and the other arm had more intensive self- monitorings. We found that SMBG may have a small effect on glycaemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes, but the effect is small up to six months of follow-up and subsides after 12 months. There were few data on the effects on well-being and quality of life. There was no evidence of effects of SMBG on patient satisfaction, general well being or general health-related quality. None of the studies reported on morbidity. We conclude that, when diabetes duration is over one year, there is little or no effect of self-watchful self-management on blood glucose control. More research is needed to explore the psychological impact of the intervention, as well as its impact on diabetes-specific quality of lives and well-well-being. We also need to know more about the impact of SMBG on hypoglycaemia and diabetic complications. This plain language summary has been written by a consumer Ben Gray, Service User and Service User Expert, Rethink Diabetes. Email: [email protected]
Eleven studies involving 471 participants with AsPD were included in this review. Data were available from only five of these studies. Only two studies focused solely on an AsPD sample. Eleven different psychological interventions were examined. Three interventions (contingency management with standard maintenance; Cognitive Behavioural Therapy (CBT) plus standard maintenance, CBT plus treatment as usual, and the 'Driving Whilst Intoxicated' program) appeared to be superior to the control group in terms of improvement in at least one outcome. However, there was not enough evidence to justify the use of any of these interventions for adults with AsPD. More research is urgently needed for this prevalent and costly condition.
This updated review included 11 studies with a total of 1047 participants. Six studies contributed to one or more analyses related to the common cold. Five studies contributed data on purulent rhinitis. There was no evidence of benefit from antibiotics for the commoncold or for persisting acute purulent nosebleeds in children or in adults. There is evidence that antibiotics cause significant adverse effects (side effects) in adults and children, and in all ages, when given for common cold symptoms. There were more adverse effects in the studies of antibiotics for purulent nasal bleeds. Routine use of antibiotics is not recommended.
We included five randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with 162 participants. Three of the trials took place in a hospital dermatology department. One trial was funded by a drug company. The participants' ages ranged from 12 to 77 years, and only two were younger than 15 years. We did not perform a meta-analysis (combining the results of all trials) due to differences in participants' characteristics and interventions. We found only five trials (N = 162), which assessed the effects of penicillin, erythromycin, rifampicin, and rifamethasone. The trials did not measure our primary outcome, time-to-resolution, or the secondary outcome, risk of having at least one relapse. We rated the quality of the results as very low, due to high risk of bias (absence of blinding of participants and their caregivers) and imprecision (single study data with a low number of events). Hence, we are very uncertain about the results. There was very low-quality evidence for the outcomes that were measured. We are uncertain of both the efficacy and safety of antibiotic treatment for GUTT. One three-armed trial (43 participants) looked at the effect of antibiotics for guttate (i.e. oral antibiotics) versus no treatment. The studies did not show a difference between the two groups in the proportion of participants achieving PASI 75. One study (20 participants) compared long-term azithromycin (500 mg daily dose) versus vitamin C. Adverse events were reported by 10 out of 30 participants, but not in the vitamin C group. There were no adverse events in either group, and there was no difference in clear or almost clear skin between the groups. In one trial (29 participants) the participants had tonsillectomy (surgery to remove the tonsils) and no treatment,
We identified 12 randomised controlled trials enrolling 933 people with MS. Eleven studies tested vitamin D₃, and one study tested a different vitamin D called vitamin D. Vitamin D appears to have no effect on the risk of relapse, worsening of disability, and MRI lesions. Effects of vitamin D on health-related quality of life and fatigue are unclear. The evidence is up-to-date as of September 2018. Vitamin A and vitamin D are safe, although available data are limited. Seven ongoing studies will likely provide further evidence that can be included in a future update of this review. Vitamin C and D are also safe, but the evidence is of very low quality. The quality of the evidence was downgraded to very low because of the small number of studies and participants, and because the results were imprecise.
We included 62 studies in this review, with 4241 participants. Thirty-six studies used a cross-over design, which means that participants were divided into two groups, one group (11) for seven days for each arm of the trial. Fifteen studies compared oral morphine with morphine immediate release (MIR). Fourteen studies used Mm/r in different strengths; six of these used 24-hour modified release products. Fourteen of these studies used morphine in different ways. Six studies compared morphine with other opioids. Three studies compared MIR with MIR by a different route of administration. One study was found that compared each of the following: Mm-r tablet with a non-opioid (non-drug) drug; Mm orr with non-drug drugs; and oral morphine (25 mg to 2000 mg per day) with epidural morphine. We found that morphine is an effective pain medicine for people with cancer pain. In the previous update, we found that 'no worse than mild pain' was achieved by 96% of participants (362/377), and by 63% (400/638) in 17 studies. Eighteen studies reached this level of pain relief on average, and there was no evidence that good levels of pain were not achieved. Pain relief did not differ when morphine was given by mouth or by injection. Oral morphine was effective for 12- or 24- or 12-hour dosing depending on the formulation. A small number of participants did not achieve adequate pain relief with morphine. Only a few studies reported how many people had good pain relief, but where it was reported, over 90% had no worse pain relief within a reasonably short time period. The quality of the evidence is generally poor. Studies are old, often small, and were largely carried out for registration purposes and therefore were only designed to show equivalence between different formulations. The review also shows the wide range of study designs, and inconsistency in cross-
We included 14 trials with a total of 1260 participants. The age of participants ranged from 16 to 88 years; and the majority were women (approximately 70%). The average duration of symptoms ranged from three to 15 months. The follow-up after the procedure ranged from eight weeks to 23 months. We are uncertain whether open surgery improves resolution of trigger finger symptoms in the long term. The evidence is up-to-date as of September 2014. We found that open surgery is the oldest and the most widely used treatment method and considered as standard surgery, whereas steroid injection is the least invasive control treatment method as reported in the studies in this review and is often used as first-line treatment in clinical practice. Compared with steroid injection, open surgery provides benefits with respect to less triggering recurrence, although it has the disadvantage of being more painful. Based on two trials (270 participants) from six up to 12 months, 50/130 (or 385 per 1000) individuals had recurrence of symptoms with open surgery, compared with 8/140 (or 65 per 1000; range 35 to 127) in the open surgery group, for an absolute risk difference that 29% fewer people had a recurrence. At one week, 49% more people had pain on the palm of the hand in the steroid injection group compared with 38/56 (or 678 per 1000, ranging from 366 to 1000; ranging from 678 to 366) participants. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low or very low because of study design flaws, inconsistency and imprecision. The quality of evidence was downgraded because of differences between the included studies.
This review of three randomised trials, with a total of 931 participants, found that early PCV, either before or after RT, appears to improve survival in people with AO or AOA. However, PCV was associated with side effects such as nausea, vomiting, and hair loss. Furthermore, the use of biomarkers, such as codeletion of complete chromosome arms 1p and 19q and IDH-1 or -2 mutation, may help to identify a subset of people who are more sensitive to combined PCV and RT. Future studies are needed to assess the role of these biomarkers.
We included five trials with a total of 240 children aged one to 18 years with OSA. All trials were performed in specialised sleep medicine clinics at tertiary care centres. Follow-up time ranged from six weeks to four months. Three RCTs (n = 137) compared intranasal corticosteroids against placebo (dummy treatment), and two trials (N = 103) compared oral montelukast against placebo. We excluded one trial from the meta-analysis since the patients were not included in the trial. We also had concerns about selective reporting in one trial. The certainty of the evidence was low or moderate for all outcomes. We are uncertain about the difference in AHI (low-certainty evidence). We are also uncertain whether the other outcomes are different between the two treatment groups. In addition, we are uncertain whether there is a difference in desaturation index (a measure of the amount of oxygen in the blood) and nadir of oxygen saturation (the lowest level of oxygen) between the treatment group and the placebo group. The evidence is up to date as of January 2018. The quality of the included studies was moderate for AHI, but low for other outcomes. The overall certainty of evidence was moderate or high for the following outcomes: desaturation, respiratory arousal index, and respiratory arousals during sleep. There is insufficient evidence for the efficacy of intranauretic drugs for the treatment of OSA in children; they may have short-term beneficial effects on the desaturation and oxygen saturation in children with mild to moderate OSA, but the certainty of this evidence is low due to imprecision of the estimates and heterogeneity between studies. There are no studies on the use of other kinds of anti-inflammatory medications. Long-term efficacy and safety data are still not available. In conclusion, patient-centred outcomes like concentration ability, vigilance, or school performance have not been investigated yet.
We found six randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) and three controlled trials with a total of 1291 children. Of the six included RCTs/CCTs, five looked at the prevention of VTE (low molecular weight heparin (LMWH), antithrombin (AT) supplementation n = 37, low-dose warfarin n = 31, cryoprecipitate and/or fresh frozen plasma (FFP) supplements n = 240, AT supplementation and LMWH n = 41). All studies had problems with their methods. We found no significant effects of systemic treatments in preventing (a)symptomatic VTE, and we found no differences in adverse events (such as major, minor, or post-thrombotic syndrome). None of the studies reported thrombocytopenia, HIT, or PTS among participants. In one CCT, we found that adding LMWH to AT supplementation resulted in a significant reduction in symptomatic (blood clots in veins) VTE without bleeding complications. However, this could be a result of the low number of included children, which could be due to the fact that the number of children in the studies was low. In the control group, 1/68 children (1.5%) were diagnosed with VTE asymptomatic, as were 4/114 children (3%). In the experimental group, 22/68 (32.4%) children (30.7%) had VTE. We did not find any significant differences in the occurrence of VT in children with CVC-related VTE between groups. The evidence is up to date as of January 2018. We are not able to give recommendations for clinical practice. Additional well-designed international RCTS are needed to further explore the effects of the systemic treatments for preventing VTE in children and adolescents with CVDs. Future studies should aim for
This review identified three trials with a total of 287 participants. The first trial of 98 participants found that CSFD reduced the risk of neurological deficits in the lower extremities in 14 (30%) of CSFD group and 17 (33%) controls. The second trial of 33 participants used CSFD and intrathecal papaverine. The third trial of 145 participants found CSFD resulted in TAAA repair on 145 participants. CSFD was performed during the operation. Paraplegia was observed in 9 of 74 participants (12.2%) in the control group and in 2 of 82 (2.7%) receiving CSFD. Overall, CSFD led to an 80% reduction in the relative risk of postoperative deficits. There was no difference between CSFD-only trials and CSFD alone. There is limited data supporting the role of CSFS in thoracic and thoracoabdominal aneurysm surgery for prevention of brain injury. Further clinical and experimental studies are indicated.
We included 13 randomised controlled trials, with a total of 662 participants. These trials compared NB-UVB with either oral PUVA, topical PUVA or no treatment. The evidence is current to August 2015. We found that the clearance rate between oral PUV and NB- UVB is inconsistent among the included studies. In one trial of NB-UVA compared with oralPUVA, the difference in PASI 75 was not statistically significant. In three other trials of CPP, the clearance rates were inconsistent because in one trial, there was no difference between the groups, and in the other two, there were significant differences between the two groups. In two trials of NBUVB compared with bath PUVA in terms of clearance rate, the evidence was also inconsistent: Pooled data from two left-right body comparison RCTs found no significant difference between left- and right-hand body groups. One RCT in people with CPP found there were no significant differences in the number of people who achieved PASIs of 75 (which meant equal to or more than 75% reduction in the Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) score) and withdrawals due to side-effects. In participants with PPP, one RCT found no differences between people who received NB-VUBB treated sides and those who received PUVA treated sides. In other trials, there seemed to be similar clearance rates between people treated with NBUVBs and those treated with PUVA. Two trials found that NBUBA plus retinoid and PUVA plus retenoid had similar effects for treating people with either CPP or GP in terms. In practice, NB-uvB may be more convenient to use since exogenous photosensitiser is not required before phototherapy. No studies reported our primary outcomes of interest for the comparison of NBUAB with conventional BB-UVBs. The quality of the evidence ranged from low to very low
This review found that biofeedback and electrical stimulation may enhance the outcome of treatment. There was not enough evidence as to show whether there was a difference in outcome between any method of treatment or exercises. There are suggestions that rectal volume discrimination training improves continence more than sham training. Exercises may be less effective. There is a suggestion that sphincter exercises may have a therapeutic effect. However, this is not certain. Further research is needed to enable safe conclusions.
This review aimed to compare the benefits and harms of different catheter policies. Thirty nine randomised trials were included in the review. They were generally small and of poor or moderate quality, reporting data on only few outcomes. In six trials, more people needed to be recathected if a urethral catheter was used. In five trials, there was a higher risk of needing to be re-catheterised if a catheters were not used after surgery. In 11 trials, the seven trials with data suggested that there may be fewer urinary tract infections when a catheter is used earlier (for example 1 versus 3 days) with no pattern in respect to the catheter use. In one small trial, the use of a clamp-and-release policy before catheter removal was found to increase the risk of infection. In a single small trial there was an increase in the number of people who had a urinary tract infection and delay in return to normal voiding. Despite reviewing 39 trials, few firm conclusions could be reached due to the multiple comparisons considered, the small size of individual trials, and their low quality. Whether or not to use a particular policy is a trade-off between the risks of morbidity and infection, and risks of recatheterisation.
The evidence is current to September 2014. We included 10 studies (3340 participants) in the review. Seven studies compared aripiprazole monotherapy versus placebo (2239 participants); two of these included a third comparison arm—one study used lithium (485 participants) and the other used haloperidol (480 participants). Two studies (754 participants) compared arippiprazoles with valproate or lithium versus placebo as an adjunctive treatment, and one study (347 participants) looked at arioprazole compared with haloperidine (a drug used to treat mania). The overall risk of bias of the studies was unclear. A high dropout rate from most trials (> 20% for each intervention in eight of the trials) may have affected the estimates of relative efficacy. Evidence shows that people taking ariroprazole were more likely than people taking placebo to have manic symptoms at three and four weeks but not at six weeks (moderate quality evidence) - a modest difference. Arippinerazole was more effective than placebo in reducing manic symptoms in adults and children/adolescents at three weeks but caused more movement disorders (high quality evidence), with more people requiring treatment with anticholinergic medication (high-quality evidence), and caused more gastrointestinal disturbances (nausea, constipation, and movement disorders) and more people to have a prolactin level that fell below the lower limit of normal. Significant heterogeneity was present in the meta-analysis of movement disorders associated with ariperazole and other treatments and was most likely due to the different side effect profiles of lithium and haloperideol. At the three-week time point, meta-analyses were not possible because of lack of data; however, at 12 weeks, haloperacid resulted in significantly more movement problems than aripperazole, as measured on the Simpson Angus Scale (SAS), the Barnes Akathisia Scale (
We found three studies that evaluated the use of antibiotic or other lock treatments in children with cancer. Two studies evaluated urokinase lock treatment with concomitant systemic antibiotics (n = 56) versus systemic antibiotics alone. One study evaluated ethanol lock treatment in addition to systemic antibiotics compared to systemic antibiotic alone. No RCTs were found on antibiotic lock treatment alone. We found no evidence of significant difference in the number of children cured, number of recurrent CVC-related infections, the time to the first negative blood culture, the need for CVCs to be prematurely removed, ICU admission and sepsis. No adverse events occurred in the five studies of cohort studies (one cohort was included in two publications). Some cohort studies reported CVC malfunctioning. The cohort studies found no adverse events; however, this could be due to low power or a too-short follow-up. More well-designed studies are needed.
This review identified 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of interventions for the treatment of acute whiplash. Three TPE themes emerged. Advice focusing on activation: There is moderate quality evidence (one trial, 348 participants) that a video of advice focusing on intervention was more beneficial for acute pain reduction than no treatment, but not long-term follow-up. There is no evidence of benefit or difference in pain reduction for advice on stress-coping skills, workplace ergonomics, self-care strategies, or pain-relieving strategies. Advice on pain & stress coping skills (three trials, 243 participants) showed either no effect or no difference for pain reduction. Advice to activate: One trial, 102 participants, found low quality evidence that a booklet on advice to activate was no better or worse than generic information given out in emergency care (control) for the acute treatment of pain in people with whiplASH. There was no difference between groups for pain relief at short-term, intermediate-term or long term follow-ups. Self-care Strategies: One study, with 192 participants, showed that specific exercise training for chronic neck pain did not relieve pain. Self care strategies (one study, 58 participants) did not reduce neck pain. With the exception of one trial, this review has not shown effectiveness for the use of TPE for educational interventions, such as advice on how to use the hands to move, how to cope with stress, advice on pain and stress, and advice on workplace ergonomic skills. Future research should be founded on sound adult learning theory and learning skills.
This review aimed to assess the effects of interventions to notify people at CJD or vCJD risk, and to support them subsequently, or to find the best way to communicate with them. No studies were found that met the inclusion criteria for this Cochrane review. In total, 49 studies and pieces of literature were included. The results of this review are presented in appendices to this review. The thematic synthesis suggests that ideally communication may be considered as a multi-faceted programme, ensuring that notification and support are coordinated; that communication is tailored to the person's needs; and that activities to support individual risk communication are in place. It also indicates, however, that poor communication practices may have negative impacts or cause harm, such as discrimination in accessing health care. There is not enough evidence to determine the best approach to communication in these situations.
We included one randomised clinical trial (N = 304 randomised; 204 completed; 276 analysed) that compared opioids with a placebo. After 12 weeks of treatment, RLS symptoms were better in the drug group than in the placebo group. There was no difference between the groups for daytime somnolence, trouble staying awake during the day, or naps. Quality of sleep was improved more in the group of patients who received opioids. The quality of life score also improved more with opioids than with the placebo. The major side effects of the drugs were gastrointestinal problems, fatigue, and headache. The evidence is up-to-date as of September 2014.
Fifteen trials involving 1022 adults with distal radial fractures were included in this review. All trials compared external fixation with the use of plaster cast immobilisation. Most of the trials were of poor quality. There was insufficient evidence to confirm a better functional or clinical result for the external fixation group. There is some evidence to support the use external fixation for dorsally displaced fractures of the distal radius. Though there is not enough evidence to be sure of a better outcome, external fixation reduces redisplacement of the fracture and improves anatomical results. There were a high number of complications, such as pin-track infection, but these were minor. Probably, some complications could be avoided by using a different surgical technique.
We found five randomised controlled trials (1127 participants) comparing early removal of ureteric stents with late stent removal. The evidence is current to September 2014. The review found that early removal may reduce the incidence of UTI, but it is uncertain if there is a higher risk of MUC. This may be due to the fact that there were only a small number of studies and the results were imprecise. It is also uncertain whether there is an increase in the risk of developing MUC if the stent is removed early. The quality of the included studies was generally low or unclear; they addressed the research question and utilised a prospective randomised design. Data on health economics and quality of life outcomes were lacking.
We included five studies that evaluated three comparisons. Four studies compared crowns with fillings; two of them compared conventional PMCs with open sandwich restorations, and two compared PMCs fitted with the Hall Technique with fillures. One of these studies included a third arm, which allowed us to compare PMCs (fitted by the Hall technique) with non-restorative caries treatment. In the two studies, all teeth had had pulpotomy prior to the crown being placed. One study compared two different types of crowns. The evidence is current to September 2014. We found that crowns placed on primary molar teeth with carious lesions, or following pulp treatment, are likely to reduce the risk of major failure or pain in the long term compared to fillings. There was moderate quality evidence that there was a lower risk of pain and discomfort associated with the procedure. It is uncertain whether there is a clinically important difference in gingival bleeding when using crowns rather than fillings, either in the short term (less than 12 months) or long term (12 months or more). Some of our outcomes of interest were not measured in the studies: time to restoration failure or retreatment, patient satisfaction and costs. We considered outcomes reported at the dental appointment or within 24 hours of it, and in both short term and long term. The amount and quality of evidence for crowns compared to other types of treatment, and for metal compared with aesthetic crowns, is very low. There are no RCTs comparing crowns fitted conventionally versus using the Hall Techniques. One split-mouth study (11 participants) compared PMCs (stainless steel with white veneers) versus aesthetic (white) crowns (stained stainless steel crowns). It provided very low quality evidence so no conclusions could be drawn. We are uncertain about the results of this study. The quality of the evidence was very low for all comparisons.
This review included 28 studies involving a total of 788 people with cystic fibrosis. Most of the studies were of variable quality. In 22 of the 28 studies the PEP technique was performed using a mask, while in three studies a mouthpiece was used. In three of these studies it was unclear whether a mask was used or not. These studies compared PEP to ACBT (across the nose), autogenic drainage (AD), oral oscillating PEP devices, chest wall oscillation (HFCWO) and BiPaP (BiPaP) and exercise. The evidence is current to May 2015. The results of this review suggest that PEP may be more effective than other methods of airway clearance. However, there was no difference in effect between PEP and other methods for lung function and there were no data on the number of lung exacerbations. There was limited evidence on side effects, but these were measured in five studies, two of which found no events. In a study where infants performing either PEP or PDPV experienced some gastro-oesophageal reflux, this was more severe in the PDEV group (26 infants). In one study where PEP was compared to HFCWU, side effects were only reported in the flutter group (five participants complained of dizziness, which improved after further instructions on device use was provided) (high-quality evidence). In the one long-term high-quality study (107 participants) there was little or no difference between PP and HFCwO in terms of number of side effects; however, those in the HFCWs had fewer side effects related to the lower airways when compared to the upper airways. The quality of the evidence provided by this review is variable, but suggests that all techniques and devices described may have a place in the clinical treatment of people with CF. It is important to note that airway clearing techniques should be individualised
This review included four studies involving 1485 participants with Crohn's disease. All participants were adults over 18 years of age. One study was identified as high risk of bias due to the use of a placebo (a fake drug) and the other studies were judged to be at low risk. CZP (100 mg to 400 mg every 2 to 4 weeks) was shown to be superior to placebo (fake drug) for achieving remission at week 8. The quality of the evidence was rated as moderate, meaning that the true effect may be quite different from what this review shows. It is uncertain whether the risk of serious adverse events differs between the treatment group and the placebo group. Serious adverse events were observed in 8.7% of participants (73/835) and 6.2% (40/650) in the placebo groups, respectively. In raw numbers, the quality of evidence was downgraded to moderate due to small sample sizes.
We searched scientific databases for clinical trials of drugs to treat heart failure in people with CKD. We found 112 studies, of which 26 studies (19,612 participants) reported data for our review. Of the 31 studies (23,762 participants) with data on CKD, follow-up ranged from three months to five years, and study size ranged from 16 to 2916 people. In total, 26 studies reported at least one outcome of interest for the review. In acute heart failure, we found no evidence that drug treatments reduced death, hospitalisations, or worsening of heart failure or kidney function. We also found that drug treatment with beta-blockers may reduce the risk of hospitalisation for heart failure. We could not estimate whether treatment with sinus node inhibitors (a drug that blocks blood flow to the heart) increases risk of hyperkalaemia, as there were few studies and we were unable to combine the results. We did not find evidence that drugs with anti-arrhythmic agents, drugs that block the heart's ability to pump blood to the brain, or drugs that slow down the heart, such as aldosterone antagonists, angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACEi), angiotenins (ARB), or vasopressins (VRAs), had any effect on death (any cause), hospitalisation, or quality of life. We were not able to assess the effects of drugs that can block blood supply to the lungs. The certainty of the evidence was low for all outcomes. This means that we are uncertain about the results of the studies.
This review included three studies involving a total of 1945 women. No serious complications were reported in the trials and no babies died. Overall, risk of bias across the three trials was mixed. This review found no differences between the two types of monitoring (internal or external) for any of the outcomes for the mother or baby. The pooled risk for instrumental delivery (including caesarean section, ventouse and forceps extract) was not significantly different between groups. The neonatal outcome was not statistically different. The risk of hyperstimulation (stimulation) was reported in two studies (n = 489), but there was no difference between the groups. This evidence is up to date as of April 2014. Given that this review is based on three studies (N = 1945 women) of moderate quality, there is insufficient evidence to recommend the use of one form of tocodynamometry over another for women where intravenous oxytocin was administered for induction or augmentation of labour.
We included two trials involving 54 participants with chronic venous disease. One study reported no difference between the exercise and control groups; the second reported a reduction in symptoms in the exercise group. The intensity of disease signs and symptoms was measured in both studies using different scales; we could not pool the data. In one study, there were increases in the change in ejection fraction (a measure of lung function), half venous filling time and total venous refilling time (time taken to empty the vein) in people with CVI. In the second study, changes in change in lung function and change in the time taken to fill the venous with fluid were seen in people who did and did not do exercise. There was no difference in quality of life or ankle range of motion. Although muscle strength at slow speed did not differ between the two groups in this study, peak torque at fast speed was lower in people in the control group. We were not able to assess the incidence of venous leg ulcers, incidence of surgical intervention to treat symptoms related to CVI and exercise capacity. We rated both included studies as at high risk of bias. Due to the small number of studies and small sample size, we were able to not be able to verify the quality of the evidence. Therefore, the overall quality of evidence was very low.
This systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of viscosupplements for OA of the knee found that they are an effective treatment in terms of pain, function, and global assessment. However, there are few trials that have compared different types, doses, and time points of the HA class of products. In general, HA products were comparable in efficacy to systemic forms of active treatment (e.g. non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), exercise, arthroscopy, and conventional treatment), but HA products had more long-term effects than NSAIDs. There were few adverse events in the hyaluronan/hylan group of products, and no major side effects were reported in the group of HA products. Overall, the analyses suggest that HA products may be more effective than IA corticosteroids, but there are too few trials to be certain about the relative value of different products.
This review included 10 randomised clinical trials with a total of 4052 participants. Four trials compared misoprostol with a dummy pill (placebo), and two trials compared oxytocin with placebo (fake pill). The review of trials found that women who had received uterotonics and/or haemostatics were no better or worse off than those who had not received these drugs. The review also found that the use of the drug, in addition to uterotonic drugs, did not improve outcomes for women with primary PPH. Women who had been given uterotic drugs were more likely to have blood loss of at least 1000 mL, and they had more vomiting and shivering. Two of the trials compared the effects of estrogen and tranexamic acid. One trial compared lower segment compression but was too small to assess impact on primary outcomes. We did not find any trials that compared surgical techniques or radiological interventions to treat women who were not responding to uterotonic drugs or/or bleeding.
This review identified six trials that evaluated the effects of short-term cysteine-containing PN in preterm infants. Five small trials evaluated the use of cysteines in the supplementation of PN. One large trial evaluated the addition of N-acetylcysteine to the PN and found no evidence of benefit for growth, growth, or retention of nutrients. Nitrogen retention was increased by cysteins but did not affect the risks of death by 36 postmenstrual weeks, lung disease, death or BPD (bronchopulmonary dysplasia), eye problems, necrotizing enterocolitis (narrowing of the eye), periventricular leukomalacia (damage to the brain), bleeding in the brain, or severe brain injury.
We found 77 randomised clinical trials including 6287 participants. Forty-one trials provided information for one or more outcomes. Thirty-five trials (3829 participants) included only participants with NAFLD. Five trials included only people with diabetes; 14 trials included people without diabetes. The follow-up in these trials ranged from one month to 24 months. The source of funding was not provided in 39 of the 77 trials. We found that all the evidence was of very low quality. Only one trial was at low risk of bias in all domains. All other trials were at high risk of systematic error (bias). The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2018. We are very uncertain about the effectiveness of pharmacological treatments for people with non-alcohol related steatohepatitis (NASH) (based on biopsy confirmation). None of the trials reported health-related quality of life. There was no evidence of difference in the number of serious adverse events between antioxidants and no intervention (2 trials; 254 participants). There was also no difference between bile acids and no treatment (3 trials; 404 participants) in the proportion of people with serious side effects, or in the total number of people who developed serious complications. None of these trials reported the quality of the participants' life. Thiazolidinediones versus no intervention There were no deaths in either group (1 trial; 74 participants) and none of the people developed serious side events in the two trials (194 participants) which reported the percentage of people developing serious complications in the one trial which reported this outcome. There is no evidence that there is a difference between the two groups in the other outcomes. The quality of evidence was very low due to the small numbers of participants and the small number of participants in the trials. Further well-designed randomised trials with sufficiently large sample sizes are necessary to determine whether a treatment should be used. Source of funding Twenty-six trials were partially- or
In total, 1282 participants with MCI were identified in the 15 included studies of which 1172 had analysed data; 430 participants were converted to Alzheimer’s disease dementia, and 130 to other forms of dementia. The CSF t-tau test, which is used in seven studies (291 cases and 418 non-cases) was evaluated in seven of these studies. The accuracy of the CSF test ranged from 51% to 90% while the specificity values ranged from 48% to 88. At the median specificity of 72% (95% CI 67 to 85), the estimated sensitivity (75% CI 75% to 91) was 75% (96% CI 64 to 91), and the negative likelihood ratio (0.32) was 0.32. Six studies (164 cases and 328 non- cases) were evaluated in six studies. These tests, which are based on CSF proteins, were assessed in five studies (140 cases and 293 non cases). The sensitivity values ranged between 80% and 96%. The specificities were between 33% and 95%. We could not combine the results of the studies because they were so few and small. We did not find any studies that looked at CSF biomarkers for 'other dementias'. We were not able to assess the effect of these CSF tests on the risk of misdiagnosis due to the small number of studies available to be included. We found that CSF testing may be better than other biomarker tests for the diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease. However, we cannot be certain about the value of these tests until further studies are carried out. The quality of the included studies was poor. The main reasons for this were unclear risk of bias for the reference standard, for the target disorders, sources of recruitment, participant sampling, index test methodology, and aspects of the study quality.
We included three studies involving 170 participants. All included participants were male and were undergoing a radical radical prostatectomy. The men were between 50 and 75 years of age and met criteria for American Society of Anesthesiologists physical classification scores (ASA) I, ll and III. We found one ongoing trial. The three studies were small, single-centre, two-arm studies. The evidence is up to date as of February 2016. We did not find any studies that addressed the secondary outcomes of adverse effects, all-cause mortality, respiratory or circulatory complications, cognitive dysfunction, length of stay or costs. We identified three studies that compared TIVA and inhalational anaesthesia for transabdominal robotic assisted surgery in urology, gynaecology and gastroenterology. The quality of the evidence was low to very low, as all studies had small numbers of participants and provided unclear descriptions of methods. It is unclear which anaesthetic technique is superior - TIVAs or inhalational - for the use of robotic assisted laparoscopic radical prostate surgery. This is because the evidence is of low quality and has been generated from exclusively male patients undergoing robotic radical prostateectomy. An ongoing trial, which includes participants of both genders with a focus on quality of recovery, might have an impact on future evidence related to this topic. Overall, we found low-quality evidence suggesting that propofol reduces postoperative nausea and vomiting (PONV) over the short term (one to six hours after surgery) after RALRP. However, it is unclear whether this translates directly to clinical avoidance of ocular complications during surgery.
We included 14 studies in this review, with 1,601,515 study participants. Most studies found no causal associations between the use of topical corticosteroids of any potency, and pregnancy outcomes. These outcomes included: mode of delivery, low birth weight, preterm delivery, congenital abnormality, and low Apgar score. We found no evidence that use of potent to very potent topical steroids had an effect on adverse pregnancy outcomes (e.g. preterm birth weight). We found that women who received mild to moderate potency corticostoids were less likely to have a foetal death. However, we did not find any evidence that this effect was present when given to women who were given potent or very potent steroids. The results from three of the individual studies in the meta-analysis indicated that there may be an increased risk of high birth weight in women who are given potent to moderate-potency topics. We rated the quality of the evidence as low to very low. This means that we have limited confidence in the results, and that further research is likely to change the results. The evidence is up to date as of February 2016.
We found four randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that met the inclusion criteria of this review. The total number of participants was 611 (612 eyes). The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, India, and South Africa. One trial was included in the previous version of the review, and we found three additional trials through the updated searches. These trials had follow-up periods ranging from two months to one year. One of the three smaller trials was the pilot study of the largest study: the Steroids for Corneal Ulcers Trial (SCUT). All four trials compared the treatment of bacterial keratitis with corticosteroids and without topical steroids. All trials reported data on visual acuity, and none of them found any clear difference between the treatment groups. The trial of the SCUT reported that time to re-epithelialization was 53% slower in the steroid group compared with the control group. However, the trial did not find a clear difference in the amount of time it took for the cornea to heal. None of the trials reported adverse events. The investigators of one trial reported that more patients in the group treated with steroids developed eye pressure (intraocular pressure). One trial reported quality of life, and concluded that there was no difference between two groups. We could not find any reports on economic outcomes. There is not enough evidence to support the use of topical steroids for the treatment and no evidence as to suggest that they are effective or safe. Further, three of the four trials were too small and were too short to detect treatment effect differences between groups, and inconsistency in outcome measurements precluded meta-analyses for most of the outcomes relevant to the review. We found no reports regarding adverse events or costs. Although the trials were generally of good methodological design, all trials had considerable losses to follow up (10% or more) in the final analyses. Further
We included four trials with 450 participants in this review. Three trials compared intravenous thrombolytic treatment with percutaneous interventions. We found no evidence from these four trials to suggest that the use of percutaneously injected blood vessels is superior to intravenous treatment for ischaemic stroke. At the end of follow-up, there was a non-significant increase in the proportion of participants who died. There was no difference in the number of participants with bleeding in the brain between the intervention and control groups. Data on vascular status (recanalisation rate) were only available from one trial. We considered this inadequate for statistical analyses. The quality of the evidence was low for all outcomes. The evidence is up-to-date as of February 2015.
We included one study, which involved 120 families and 143 children. The study was conducted in high-income countries. The evidence is current to September 2014. The trial did not provide any evidence that centre-based day care, rather than no treatment (care at home), improved or worsened children's cognitive ability (Griffiths Mental Development Scale, very low-quality evidence) or psychosocial development (parental report of abnormal development, risk ratio (RR) 1.21, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.25 to 5.78, 1 study). No other measures of child intellectual or psychological development were reported in the included study. Moreover, there was no evidence that day care improved employment of parents, as measured by the number of mothers in full-time or part-time employment and maternal hours per week in paid employment or household income above £200 per week. This study did not report on long-term outcomes for children (high-school completion or income). This review includes one study that provides inconclusive evidence as regards the effects of day care for children younger than five years of age and their families. The quality of the evidence was very low, mainly because of the small number of children included in the study and the fact that many of the trials included co-interventions that are unlikely to be found in normal day care centres. We need more research on this topic. Comparisons might include home visits or alternative day care arrangements that provide special attention to children from low-income families while exploring possible mechanisms of effect.
In total, 126 reports describing 30 scoring indices were identified through the screening process. All of these scoring indices have undergone some form of validation. The Nancy Index and the Robarts Histopathology Index were the most well-validated. However, none of the currently available histologic scorecards have been fully validated. In order to determine the best scorecard for histologic healing in UC, more research is needed.
We included three randomised trials that compared nailing versus plating in 213 participants. The evidence is current to September 2014. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK and Australia. The studies were conducted between 1991 and 2013 and involved 173 participants. There were no trials comparing surgery with non-surgical treatment. The average age of participants in individual studies ranged from 41 to 44 years. The available evidence, which is of very low quality, found no clinically important differences in function or pain, and did not confirm a difference in the need for re-operation or risk of complications between nailing and plating. Based on an illustrative risk of 100 re-operations for adverse outcomes within one year of plate fixation in 1000 people with these fractures, 63 fewer (95% CI 88 fewer to 12 more) people per 1000 would have to have reoperations after nailing. Similarly pooled data (173 participants, 3 trials) for the symptomatic nonunion or malunion, wound complications and fracture union favoured nailing but the 95% confidence intervals crossed the line of no effect and thus included the possibility of a better outcome after plate fixation. Evidence from one trial (85 participants) showed no difference in pain between the two groups. Overall, there is either no or insufficient evidence to draw definitive conclusions on the use of surgery or the best surgical intervention for distal tibial metaphyseal fractures in adults. The quality of available evidence was rated as very low for all outcomes, meaning that we are very unsure about the estimates for all outcome measures. The three included trials were at high risk of bias, with one trial also being at high-risk of selection, detection and attrition bias. The results of individual trials indicated that this was very unlikely to be a clinically important difference. Further trials are warranted on other issues, but should be preceded by research to identify priority questions.
We included 11 studies involving 38,742 participants. Eight studies compared BPLD versus placebo or no treatment (35,110 participants), and three studies compared different systolic blood pressure targets (3632 participants). The risk of bias in these studies varied greatly. The pooled risk ratio (RR) for recurrent stroke was 0.81 (95% CI 0.70 to 0.93; 8 RCTs; 35,110 people). The pooled RR of intensive blood pressure-lowering for the risk of major vascular event (recurrence of a blood clot in the brain) and for dementia 0.88 (high-CI 0.73 to 1.06; 2 RCTS; 6671 participants). We found that people with stroke or TIA treated with BPLDs were less likely to have a recurrent stroke. We mainly observed a reduction in risk of recurrence in the subgroup of people using an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor or a diuretic. No definite conclusions can be drawn from the current evidence regarding the best blood pressure target for people with TIA or stroke. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high.
This review of four randomized controlled trials (lasting 4 to 26 weeks) found that B-sitosterols improve urinary symptoms and flow measures. Three trials used non-glucosidic B- sitosterols, and one study used 100% B- Sitosterol. B-Sitosterols did not significantly reduce prostate size. Withdrawal rates for men assigned to B-salt and placebo were 7.8% and 8.0%, respectively. Their long term effects, safety and ability to prevent BPH complications are not known.
The review includes 26 trials comparing salmeterol to placebo, eight trials comparing with salbutamol, and 62,815 participants. In six trials (2,766 people), no serious side effects were reported. We found no evidence of an increase in the risk of death from any cause with the use of the inhaled steroids. In comparison with placebo, we have found an increased risk of non-fatal asthma-related deaths in people taking salmetamol. In patients who were not taking an inhaled steroid, there was an increase of death due to asthma. There is not enough evidence to be sure whether the risk in children is higher or lower. The risk of serious side effect in children remains unclear due to the small number of studies.
The review authors identified two studies that enrolled preterm infants with respiratory distress. One study (1988) compared L-thyroxine with placebo (no treatment) and the other (1989) compared two doses of L-triiodothyronine with no treatment. Both studies were of poor quality. The review authors found no evidence that postnatal thyroid hormone treatment reduces the severity of breathing problems, neonatal morbidity or death. There were no differences in the use of mechanical ventilation, duration of ventilation, air leak, CLD at 28 days in survivors and haemorrhage in the brain. There was no evidence to suggest that there was any difference in the number of infants who died or had an adverse event. The authors concluded that there is no evidence from controlled clinical trials to support the routine use of thyroid hormones in preterm babies with breathing problems.
We included 38 randomised controlled trials with a total of 1828 participants. Eight trials had low risk of bias in the assessment of mortality. All trials had a high risk of biased outcomes. The analyses found that non-absorbable disaccharides may be associated with a beneficial effect on mortality when including all RCTs with data that could be extracted, and in the eight trials that did not report on mortality. The meta-analyses showed that the risk of death from any cause was lower when including RCTS with a low-risk-of-bias design. We also found evidence that the use of these drugs may help to reduce serious adverse events associated with the underlying liver disease, including liver failure, liver damage, and bleeding. We found no evidence that lactulose and lactitol were different in the prevention or treatment of hepatic encephalopathy. The review found no differences between lactulosides and lactosides for the other outcomes. We were unable to include the data in an overall meta-analysis due to the small number of trials. The quality of the evidence was moderate for mortality and adverse events, and very low for quality of life. We rated the quality of evidence for adverse events as very low. The evidence is up-to-date as of August 2018.
We included 65 studies involving 3598 participants in this review. Forty-three studies evaluated bone density, with more recent studies evaluating proteinuria and high blood pressure. Bisphosphonate therapy may reduce fracture and bone pain in kidney transplant recipients, but the certainty of the evidence was low or very low. It was uncertain whether any other drug class decreased fracture (low certainty evidence). We were uncertain whether treatments for bone disease reduce death, heart attack or stroke, or graft loss (very low certainty evidence), or whether any of the other treatments had any effect on graft rejection (low and very low certainty, respectively). It is uncertain whether vitamin D compounds have an effect on bone disease or graft rejection. We were very uncertain whether the use of bone treatment for children and young adolescents after kidney transplantation prevents spinal deformity or bone necrosis. The evidence for the effects and harms of all other treatments was of low certainty.
We found four trials involving 317 people. Three trials studied oral magnesium, with doses ranging from 12.5 mmol/day to 20 mmol a day. One trial studied parenteral magnesium. Each trial demonstrated a high risk of bias in at least one domain. There was significant clinical and methodological variation between the trials. We found no study that measured all of the identified outcomes and met the objectives of this review. Only one trial measured clinical symptoms of seizure (e.g. delirium tremens) or components of the Clinical Institute Withdrawal Assessment for Alcohol (CIWA) score. A single outcome (handgrip strength) in three trials (113 people), was amenable to meta-analysis. The results showed that there was no significant increase in strength of handgrip. No significant changes in adverse events were reported. There is not enough evidence to be sure whether magnesium is beneficial or harmful in terms of treatment or prevention of alcohol withdrawal syndrome.
We included 15 trials involving 3057 participants. Of the 15 included trials, 10 appeared in our 2012 review, and five are legacy trials from merging two reviews. No new studies were included from searches for this update. Overall, risk of bias was low. Antibiotics can shorten time to cure, but only 5 to 11 more people per 100 will be cured faster if they are given antibiotics instead of placebo (dummy) or no treatment. The number needed to treat for an additional outcome (NNTB) was 19, and the number of people cured by radiography was 64%. Cure rates with antibiotics were higher when a fluid level or total opacification of sinus was found. Purulent secretion resolved faster with antibiotics. However, 13 more people experienced side effects (side effects are unwanted effects) with antibiotics compared to no treatment (NNTH) of 8, which was high-quality evidence). A disease-related complication (brain abscess) occurred in one person (of 3057) one week after receiving open antibiotic therapy. The quality of the evidence was high for the outcomes of clinical diagnosis and imaging, but it was low for other outcomes. We conclude that there is no place for antibiotics in the treatment of people with acute rhinosinusitis. We could not draw conclusions about children, people with suppressed immune systems, and those with severe sinusitis, because these populations were not included in the available trials.
The review of trials found that D2 lymphadenectomy can improve DSS in patients with cancer of the stomach, although the increased risk of postoperative deaths reduces its therapeutic benefit.
This review aimed to evaluate the efficacy of oral naltrexone in the treatment of opioid dependence. Thirteen studies, involving a total of 1158 participants, were included in the review. The findings of this review suggest that oral use of the drug did not improve the number of people who were re-arrested during the study period. In addition, the results of the single study that compared the drug with psychosocial interventions (e.g. psychotherapy) did not show any difference between the two groups of people. However, the percentage of people retained in treatment in these studies was low (28%). This review has not been able to assess the effectiveness of the treatment because of the small number of studies that have been conducted in this area.
We included two studies in this review. Both were part of the same large multicentre trial and included people with dementia. The first study, a cross-over trial, looked at the immediate effects on aspiration of two viscosities of fluids (nectar thick and honey thick) compared to regular fluids in 351 participants with dementia and Parkinson's disease. The second study looked at thickening fluids with a chin down head posture. Both studies were funded by the manufacturer of the device used for videofluoroscopy. There were no trials on modification of food. We are uncertain about the effects of changing the consistency of fluids for swallowing difficulties in dementia as too few studies have been done. There may be differences in outcomes depending on the grade of thickness of fluids and the type of intervention trialled. There was a higher risk of pneumonia in people receiving honey thick fluids than in those taking nectar thick liquids or regular liquids with a head down posture. No deaths were reported. Neither trial addressed quality of life. The overall quality of evidence for all outcomes was low. Risk of bias for both studies is high.
We found six randomised controlled trials with a total of 788 women. The largest trial included 396 women eligible for this review. No evidence of a statistically significant difference was found between the two treatment groups in live birth rates. The evidence was of moderate quality. There was no evidence that natural cycle IVF was better than standard IVF in rates of live birth, OHSS, clinical pregnancy, ongoing pregnancy, multiple pregnancy, gestational abnormalities, or cycle cancellations. One trial reported that the oocyte retrieval rate was lower in women receiving IVF. Findings on treatment costs were inconsistent and more data are awaited. The quality of the evidence was very low for all outcomes. Further research is needed.
We included a total of 984 participants from 12 studies (23 references) in this review. We included only those involved in Tai Chi and the control group (i.e. 811 participants) in the final analysis. Study sample size ranged from 10 to 206, and mean age ranged from 61 to 74 years. Programmes lasted for six weeks to one year. All included studies were RCTs; three studies used allocation concealment, six reported blinded outcome assessors and three studies adopted an intention-to-treat approach. No adverse events were reported. Tai Chi demonstrated a longer six-minute walk distance (mean difference (MD) 29.64 metres, 95% CI 10.52 to 48.77 metres) and better lung function (MD 0.11 L) in post-programme data. However, the effects of Tai Chi on dyspnoea and quality of life were inconclusive. When Tai Chi was compared with other interventions, such as breathing exercise or exercise alone, Tai Chi did not show any additional effects on symptoms nor on physical and psychosocial function improvement. No side effects were reported in these studies. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to moderate.
We included 72 randomised controlled trials that involved 2470 participants. This review includes 35 new studies in addition to the studies that we had included in the previous version of this review. Most of the studies were of low quality. The studies varied in terms of both the goals of treatment and the virtual reality devices used. We found evidence that the use of virtual reality and interactive video gaming was not more beneficial than conventional therapy approaches in improving arm function. However, when virtual reality was used as an adjunct to usual care (providing a higher dose of therapy for those in the intervention group) there was a difference between groups. There was a trend suggesting that higher dose (more than 15 hours of total intervention) was preferable. There were few adverse events and those reported were relatively mild. We were unable to combine the results for cognitive function, participation restriction, or quality of life. We rated the quality of the evidence using the GRADE system.
We identified five randomised controlled trials (1330 participants) that met the inclusion criteria. None of the trials examined regimens of less than six months duration. A single trial (174 participants) added levofloxacin to the standard first-line drug treatment regimen. No trials reported on treatment failure. There is not enough evidence to be clear whether adding fluoroquinolones to standard drug treatment for drug-sensitive TB reduces death or relapse. For relapse, we are uncertain if there is an effect. For death and sputum conversion, and adverse events we are also uncertain. Three trials (723 participants) compared the addition of ethambutol with moxifloxain, isoniazid, and ofloxcin. We do not know if there was an effect for all three of these outcomes. For the other outcomes we are not sure if there were any effects. No trial reported on the treatment failure of people who were not treated. For all three outcomes we were uncertain of the effect of adding or replacing the drug to standard treatment. One trial (433 people) compared fluorquinolone replacement with isoniaZid. We are uncertain whether there was any effect. Treatment failure and relapse were not reported. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2018. Fluoroquinoleines in four month regimens Six trials are currently in progress testing shorter regimens with fluorocinolones. Ofloxacins, levofluoxacine, moxifycin, and gatifycine have been tested in RCTs of standard drug regimens based on rifampicin and pyrazinamide for treating drug-ensitive TB.
