This review of 38 studies involving 7843 children found that asthma education aimed at children and their carers can reduce the number of children who go to the emergency department for an asthma attack. However, there is not enough evidence to know if this is an effective intervention. There is also uncertainty as to the long-term effect of education on other markers of asthma illness (e.g. symptoms and lung function). More research is needed to find out which type, duration and intensity of asthma education is the most effective.
We included 130 studies with 8341 participants in this review. Most studies had fewer than 50 participants per treatment arm, which means that the results may not be reliable. We did not stratify the main analysis by type of surgery or other factors, such as the type of ketamine given, the dose, or the timing of the treatment. We found that intravenous ketamine can reduce pain after surgery by 8 mg morphine equivalent over 24 hours, and by 13 mg morphine equivalents over 48 hours. Pain at rest at 24 hours and at 48 hours was reduced by 5/100 mm on a visual analogue scale (high-quality evidence). Overall, 5% of participants had a side effect, and 4% had nausea and/or vomiting. The number of participants with nausea and vomiting was reduced from 27% with ketamine to 23% with placebo. Pain was reduced during movement by 14% and by 16% respectively. The time for the first postoperative pain-relieving request was improved by 54 minutes, compared to 39 minutes with placebo, and the area of postoperative hypoxaemia (hyperalgesia) was reduced to 7 cm², compared with 8 cm². We downgraded the quality of the evidence once if numbers of participants were large but small-study results were present, or twice if the numbers were small and effects were likely but not possible.
The review of trials found five trials of MSP/RESA vaccine with 217 participants. All five reported on safety, and two on efficacy. No severe or systemic adverse effects were reported at doses of 13 to 15 µg of each vaccine antigen (39 to 45 µg total). In one small efficacy trial with 17 non-immune participants with blood-stage parasites, there was no reduction or delay in parasite growth. In the second efficacy trial, with 120 children aged five to nine years, the number of children with clinical malaria was not reduced, but there was a reduction in the total number of cases. In this trial, children who had not been pretreated with antimalarial drugs (sulfadoxine and pyrite) were less likely to be infected with malaria. Infections with the 3D7 parasite type (MSP2) were reduced in the MSP2 variant (719 participants). However, the effect of the vaccine is MSP 2 variant-specific. The results of this review are based on five small trials, with relatively small sample sizes.
This review identified four randomised controlled trials, with a total of 125 participants. Three trials compared pulsed and capacitive coupled electric fields, and one trial compared two forms of electromagnetic field stimulation. The results of the trials were inconclusive. There was no reduction in pain found in two studies. One trial reported two minor complications due to treatment. More research is needed.
We included 12 randomised clinical trials with a total of 1831 participants. Nine trials included patients undergoing elective laparoscopic cholecystectomies, and one trial did not provide this information. The average age of patients ranged between 48 years and 63 years. The proportion of females ranged between 55.0% and 79.0%. There were no differences in short-term deaths between the drain group (1/840) and the 'no drain' group (2/841). There was no significant difference in the number of deaths in the ten trials with 1681 participants. There was also no difference between drain and no drain groups in the proportion of patients who died in the short term. The number of people who developed serious side effects was similar in both groups. The length of hospital stay was shorter in the 'drain' group than in the no drain group. The operating time was longer in the drain groups (seven trials; 775 people) and there was no difference in quality of life (one trial; 93 people). The percentage of people discharged as day-procedure laparoscopy had to be done as part of a day-time procedure (five trials; 449 people). One trial involving 100 people did not report any difference between the two groups in terms of the length of time patients spent in hospital. One trial reported that the patients who had drain surgery had a higher rate of return to normal activity than those who had no drain surgery. This trial was of low risk of bias. This review found no evidence to support the use of drain for the routine use of the gallbladder after the operation. There is no evidence that drain is safe or effective.
Forty-nine randomised trials involving 3639 participants were included. All trials were conducted and published in China. Thirty-eight different herbal medicines were tested in these trials. These herbs included four single herbs (extracts from a single herb), eight Chinese patent medicines, and 26 self concocted Chinese herbal compound prescriptions. The trials reported on global symptoms and changes in nerve conduction. There was inadequate reporting on adverse events. Eighteen trials found no adverse events, and two trials reported side effects. It was not clear in which group the side effects occurred. 29 trials did not mention whether they monitored side effects or not. Most of the trials were of very low quality, which means that the results may not be reliable. Based on this systematic review, there is no evidence to support the use of Chinese herbal medicines for the treatment of peripheral neuropathy. No well-designed, randomised, placebo controlled trial has been conducted.
This review included five randomized controlled trials involving 1382 patients. All the included studies involved advanced (T3 or T4) prostate cancer, and were of short duration. Few events were reported, and did not assess cancer-specific survival. Only one study (N = 77) evaluated biochemical outcomes. A subgroup analysis found no significant differences in biochemical progression (defined by the authors as PSA ≥ 10 ng/mL) between IAS and CAS for Gleason scores 4 - 6, 7, and 8 - 10. For patients with a Gleason score > 6, the IAS group had a lower PSA score. However, IAS was also as effective as CAS for potency, but was better during the interval of cycles (96%). Data from RCTs were limited by small sample size and short duration, which means that we cannot be certain that the results are reliable. One trial (43 patients) found no difference in side effects (gastrointestinal, abdominal, gynecomastia, and asthenia) between the two groups. Limited information suggests that IAS may have slightly reduced side effects. There are no data for the relative effectiveness of IAS versus CAS in terms of overall survival, progression-free survival, or disease progression.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials involving 7,119 women. Five trials randomised to either immediate or delayed insertion of IUD. One trial randomised women to the levonorgestrel IUD or the Nova T, and one trial to the Copper 7. One of them showed that women who had an IUD inserted immediately had a higher risk of expulsion than those who had a delayed insertion. The quality of the evidence was moderate. In other trials, the use and expulsion of the IUD was more likely for women with IUDs inserted immediately. However, at six months postabortion, IUD use was found to be higher for women who received IUD insertions immediately compared to those who received them delayed. In one trial, women who were given the Lippes Loop were less likely to have a baby. The evidence is up to date as of April 2015. The overall quality of evidence was rated as moderate.
We found only one small trial published as an abstract article. Ninety-one participants enrolled in the study, but only 42 remained in the trial throughout the six-month follow-up period. There was no information given about the average age and sex of the study population. We found a high risk for bias due to missing data. We judged the overall risk of bias as high. The evidence is up-to-date as of September 2014. The included study investigated the effects of meditation practice on patients newly hospitalised with acute leukaemia. The meditation practice might be beneficial for the quality of life of haematological malignancies, with higher scores for participants in the mediation arms compared to the usual care control group. Levels of depression decreased for those practising meditation in both the spiritually-framed meditation group and the secularly-focused meditation group, whose levels of depression remained constant (low quality of evidence). We found no information on overall survival, fatigue, anxiety, quality of sleep and adverse events, as these outcomes were not evaluated in the included trial. More high quality randomised controlled trials are needed. The overall quality of the evidence was very low, due to the extent of missing data on the participants, and the small sample size. As the abstract publication did not provide numbers and results except P values, we are not able to give more details.
We found three trials involving 110 healthy children who were siblings of household contacts. The trials varied in study quality, vaccine used, length of follow-up and the outcomes measured. Overall, 13 out of 56 vaccine recipients (23%) had varicella and 42 out of 54 placebo (or no vaccine) recipients (78%). The majority had mild disease (with fewer than 50 skin lesions). In the three trials, most children received PEP within three days of exposure; too few were vaccinated four to five days after exposure for us to be able to draw any conclusions. No included trial reported on side effects following immunisation. We found no RCTs for children younger than 16 years of age or adults. We identified high or unclear risk of bias in two of the three included studies. We assessed the quality of the evidence from the included trials to be low or unclear.
We included 12 randomised controlled trials, with 4704 participants, in this review. Eleven trials performed a total of 16 different head-to-head comparisons of the different antibiotic regimens. The trials were at high risk of bias. There were no trials that compared one antibiotic regimen with another. The overall all-cause deaths in four trials that reported deaths were 14/1401 people (1.0%) and there were no significant differences in the number of people who died from any cause between the intervention and control groups. In four trials, 561 people were randomised to one of the seven different antibiotics regimens in total. None of the trials reported on quality of life, the length of hospital stay or the use of healthcare resources. In two trials, 19/478 people developed MRSA infections (4.5%) in the group that received antibiotic prophylaxis (co-amoxiclav, cefotaxime, or cefoxime if allergic to penicillin) compared with a placebo. In the single trial that compared a single antibiotic with placebo, the proportion of people with MRSA infection was significantly lower in the antibiotic group. There was no difference between the two groups in terms of death, serious adverse events, infections at any site or the need for further treatment. Overall, 221/4032 (5% of the total) people developed SSIs due to all organisms, and 46/4704 (1%) people developed them due to MRSA. There is currently no other evidence to suggest that using a combination of multiple antibiotics or giving antibiotics for an increased duration is of benefit to people undergoing surgery, in particular, reducing MRSA-related infections. Well designed RCTs assessing the clinical effectiveness of different antibiotics are necessary on this topic.
We included two trials (116 women) comparing planned home care versus hospital care for PPROM. Overall, the number of women included in each trial was too small to allow a fair assessment of pre-specified outcomes. In both studies, relatively few of the women were eligible for this review. In one trial, there was no evidence of differences between groups for serious neonatal illness, chorioamnionitis, gestational age at delivery, birthweight at birth, or admission to intensive care. There was no information on serious maternal illness or death. The review found that women who planned to care at home were more likely to be delivered by caesarean section. Mothers who were given home care were more satisfied with their care and spent 10 fewer days in hospital. They also spent less time in hospital, and had lower costs. The results of this review should be interpreted with caution as there is some evidence that home care may be better than hospital care, but more research is needed to confirm this. Future large and well-designed trials are needed to assess differences between the two groups of women. Special attention should be given to the assessment of mothers' satisfaction with care and cost analysis. These will have social and economic implications for both developed and developing countries.
The two methods of skin closure for caesarean are non-absorbable staples (staple-type staples) and absorbable sutures (sutures-type clips) that are used to close the skin. These two types of staples have been studied in a number of trials. The review found that staples do not result in more skin separation and reclosure. However, staples are associated with more wound infections, pain and cosmesis. If staples are removed on day three, the risk of skin separation increases. There is not enough evidence about how the skin should be closed.
We identified 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 821 participants. Seven trials examined a green tea intervention and four examined a black tea intervention. Green tea was found to reduce blood cholesterol by 0.43 mmol/L and blood pressure by 1.85 mmHg over six months. Black tea was also found to produce a reduction of 0.64 mmol/l in low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, blood pressure, total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, and blood lipid levels. Diastolic blood pressure (a measure of blood pressure) was reduced by 2.18 mm Hg over the same time period, but only a small number of trials contributed to each analysis and studies were at risk of bias. The results should be treated with some caution and further high quality trials with longer-term follow-up are needed to confirm this. Adverse events were measured in five trials and included a diagnosis of prostate cancer, hospitalisation for influenza, appendicitis and retinal detachment but these are unlikely to be directly attributable to the intervention. There are very few long-term studies to date examining green or black tea for the primary prevention of CVD.
This review identified two small trials that recruited a total of 23 participants. Both trials were of poor quality and involved small numbers of participants. Due to concerns over the small sample sizes and poor study methods, the findings of the studies do not apply to the issue of steroid tapering. No data on oral steroid consumption were reported. No differences were observed in the studies for FEV1, FVC, PaO2 and symptoms. One study reported a significant difference in SGaw. However, the clinical importance of this finding is uncertain. There is a clear lack of evidence to support the use of AZA in the treatment of chronic asthma. Large, long, long-term studies with pre-defined steroid reducing protocols are required before any firm conclusions can be made.
This review identified 56 studies involving a total of 4068 participants. The majority of these studies were carried out in people with breast cancer. A meta-analysis of all fatigue data, including 38 comparisons, provided data for 1461 participants. At the end of the intervention period exercise was seen to be more effective than the control intervention. The findings of this review have enabled a more precise conclusion to be made in that exercise can be regarded as beneficial for people with cancer-related fatigue, but more research is needed.
We included five trials with 3427 people in the review. These trials included only adults (16 to 65 years of age). The trials were conducted in Germany, Italy and Belgium. The overall risk of bias in the trials was low for overall survival (OS), but was high for other outcomes, as patients were not blinded to the treatment they were receiving. We found that patients with advanced HL who had been treated with high-dose chemotherapy after first-line chemotherapy were more likely to be alive five years after the end of treatment. This means that only 90 (70 to 117) patients will die in the treatment arm compared to 120 (120 to 120) in the control arm. We also found that after five years of treatment, 144 (121 to 168) people will experience a relapse, relapse or death in the BEACOPP group compared to 250 in the BABVD arm. There was no evidence for a difference in the number of people who died from treatment-related causes. We are uncertain how many women will be infertile due to chemotherapy and which arm might be favoured. Five trials reported adverse events and the results from the EORTC 20012 trial showed that the escalated BEACOP regimens probably cause more adverse events, such as blood clots, infections, and low blood counts. However, this is a new finding of this updated review, due to the inclusion of the results of the EO-20012 trial in this review. No analysis of male fertility was provided. This review provides moderate- to high-quality evidence that adult patients between 16 and 60 years old with early unfavourable and advanced stage HL benefit regarding OS and progression-free survival (PFS) from treatment with advanced-stage chemotherapy including escalated-stage BACP. The survival advantage is also reflected in an increased PFS (time to death). However, the observation time of these studies was too short to be expected to demonstrate differences with respect to second solid
We searched scientific databases for clinical trials that compared the effects of different interventions on RTW in people with cancer. We found 15 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) including 1835 cancer patients. All included studies were conducted in high income countries and most studies were aimed at breast cancer patients (seven trials) or prostate cancer patients or both (two trials). Two studies involved psycho-educational interventions including patient education and teaching self-care behaviours. Results indicated low quality evidence of similar RTW rates for psycho-education interventions compared to care as usual. We did not find any studies on vocational interventions. One study suggested that physical training was not more effective than care as a usual in improving RTW or quality of life. In all studies a less radical or functioning conserving medical intervention was compared with a more radical treatment. Results showed that patients with cancer who received less radical interventions had similar rates of RTW as those who received more radical treatments. Five studies involved multidisciplinary interventions in which vocational counselling, patient education, patient counselling, biofeedback-assisted behavioral training and/or physical exercises were combined. Moderate quality evidence showed that interventions involving physical, psychoeducational, vocational and/ or vocational components led to higher RTW levels than those who were treated as usual (low quality evidence). We found no differences in the effect of interventions that were delivered by different types of doctors or nurses compared to those delivered by the same doctor or nurse. We judged six studies to have a high risk of bias (risk of overestimation of benefits and underestimation of harms). We judged nine studies to be of low quality.
We included four trials involving more than 13,000 women in this review. The trials were conducted in the UK and Ireland and included women in labour. Three trials were funded by the hospitals where the trials took place. One trial was sponsored by the Scottish government. No declarations of interest were made in two trials; the other two trials did not mention declarations. Overall, the studies were assessed as low risk of bias. We found no new trials in this update. Results from the 2012 review remain the same. The findings of this review support recommendations that the CTG should not be used for women who are low risk on admission to the hospital. Women should be aware that admission CTG is likely to increase the caesarean section rate by 20% without evidence of benefit. There was no clear difference between groups in the incidence of perinatal deaths. Women allocated to CTG had, on average, higher rates of continuous (continuous) fetal monitoring, fetal blood sampling and fetal blood tests. There were no clear differences between groups for other outcomes including incidence and severity of hypoxic ischaemic (brain damage) and seizures in the newborn period. None of the trials reported severe brain damage at greater than, or equal to 12 months of age. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. The main limitations of this evidence were imprecision, inconsistency and lack of blinding for women and staff.
We included 32 studies in this review. Seventeen studies randomised 3666 women, three randomised cycles (total 1018) and twelve randomised oocytes (15,230) in total. It was not possible to combine any of the data from these studies, because each study compared different culture media. Six studies reported the number of live births, but only seven studies reported on ongoing pregnancy. Four of these studies found no clear evidence of a difference between the media used. The fifth study did not seem reliable. One of these found that for cle-stage embryo transfer, the culture medium Quinn's Advantage was associated with a higher pregnancy rate than G5. However, this study was published as an abstract and the quality of the evidence was low. With regards to adverse effects, three studies reported multiple pregnancies, but none of them found any clear evidence that one culture medium was better than the other. None of them reported on the health of the offspring. Most studies (22/32) failed to report their source of funding. None described their methodology in adequate detail. We conclude that there is not enough evidence to support or refute the use of one specific culture medium over another.
The review authors searched for randomised controlled trials of methods of communication to inform women with breast cancer about their diagnosis of breast cancer. A total of 30 articles were found which met the inclusion criteria. However, there were three duplicates which left 27 articles for further review. Of these, none were found to be of high quality. Data extraction and assessment of the quality of the trials was therefore not possible. The review authors concluded that there were no randomised trials of ways of communicating the diagnosis to women. As some of the papers reviewed by the authors related to the first consultation visit, where treatment options are discussed, perhaps a review could provide more reliable evidence to inform future research. The authors have considered the possible reasons for the lack of research studies in this area. The design of such research needs to be explored to help inform future practice. This plain language summary has been written by a consumer, Ben Gray, Service User and Service User Expert, Rethink Cancer. Email: [email protected]
We included 17 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 1006 participants. The evidence is current to September 2013. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, New South Wales, New Jersey, New York, New Hampshire, New England, New Mexico, New Scotland, Newcastle, Newy England, and the United Kingdom. The trials were of short duration (three months or less) and included a total of 113 participants. There was a significant reduction in reports of chest pain in the first three months following the intervention. This was maintained from three to nine months afterwards. The number of days without chest pain was also significantly increased up to three months after the intervention, but there was no evidence of effect of treatment on chest pain frequency. The quality of the evidence for other brief interventions was less clear. This Cochrane review suggests a modest to moderate benefit for psychological interventions, particularly those using a cognitive-behavioural framework, which was largely restricted to the first period of the study. However, these conclusions are limited by high heterogeneity in many of the results and low numbers of participants in individual studies. Further RCTs of psychological interventions for NSCP with follow-up periods of at least 12 months are needed. Hypnotherapy is also a possible alternative. In general, there was a low risk of bias in the other domains. In addition, three studies were thought to have a high risk of outcome bias. The wide variability in secondary outcome measures made it difficult to interpret findings from studies.
We identified 30 trials with a total of 4344 participants randomised, with 17 different antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers. There was some evidence to support the use of these drugs in the short-term to reduce the symptoms of allergic conjunctivitis. However, there was no long-term data on their efficacy. We found no evidence that any of the drugs were effective in reducing the symptoms and signs of seasonal allergy. There were no reported serious side effects. Overall, these drugs appear to be safe and well tolerated. The quality of the studies and reporting was variable, but overall the risk of bias was low. Further research is needed to confirm these findings.
This review aimed to assess the effectiveness of interventions aimed at preventing tobacco use amongst Indigenous youth. Two studies were included in the review and a third is still ongoing. The two included studies were based in Native American populations and were designed to address specific aspects of the youth's culture. One study found that there was no difference in weekly smoking at 42 months follow-up in the one study. The second study found positive changes for tobacco use at post test in the skills-only group, but this was not maintained at six month follow up. Both studies were rated as high or unclear risk of bias. Based on the available evidence, we conclude that a conclusion cannot be drawn as to the efficacy of tobacco prevention programs tailored for young Indigenous youth in this area. This review highlights the need for more research in this field. Smoking prevalence in Indigenous youth is twice that of that of the non-Indigenous population. As such, a significant health disparity exists.
We found one randomised controlled trial involving 72 women with sickle cell anaemia. The trial was at unclear risk of bias. Overall, there were few events for most of the outcomes and the results were imprecise. This trial reported no maternal deaths occurring in women who were given either prophylactic or selective blood transfusion. There were no clear differences in the number of deaths of the mother or her baby, perinatal deaths, or markers of severe maternal illness (pulmonary embolism (no events), heart failure (poor blood flow to the lungs), acute chest syndrome (severe chest infection) and haemolytic crises (blood clotting) of the baby). Low-quality evidence from one small trial of very low quality suggests that giving blood transfusions to women with HbSS does not reduce the risk of pain crisis, acute splenic sequestration (blockage of the blood vessels), or delayed red blood cell transfusion reaction (reduced red blood cells in the blood). Other relevant maternal outcomes, which were pre-specified for this review, were not reported by the trial. There is no evidence from randomised or quasi-randomised trials to provide reliable advice on the best way to give blood for women with other forms of HbSC. The data and quality of evidence on this subject are insufficient to advocate for a change in clinical practice and policy.
We found 67 randomised clinical trials involving 6197 participants. A total of 5771 participants from 64 trials provided data for one or more outcomes. All the trials were at high risk of bias. We summarise only the evidence that was available in more than one trial below. There was no evidence of difference in most of the comparisons, and where there was, these differences were in single trials, mostly of small sample size. Of the main outcomes, the only one that we found was the number of adverse events (complications), which was higher in the fibrin sealant group than in the clamp-crush group. We found that the proportion of people requiring a blood transfusion (proportion) was higher with the low venous pressure group than with the control group. Blood transfusion quantity (red blood cells) was lower with the use of fibrine sealant; blood transfusions of fresh frozen plasma (fresh frozen plasma) were higher with fibrina sealant than with control; and blood loss, total length of hospital stay, and operating time were lower with low central venous blood pressure than with controls. None of the trials reported health-related quality of life or the time needed to return to work. There is no evidence to suggest that using special equipment for liver resection reduces the risk of death, complications, or the need for transfusions. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. This means that we cannot be certain of the results.
Twenty-three trials involving 724 people were included. There is evidence supporting the use of systemic retinoids (improvement rate difference 44%, 95 CI 28 to 59%), oral PUVA (44%, 95CI 26 to 62%) and PUVA as the best treatment for PPP. However, PUVA is better than the other treatments. The use of topical steroid under hydrocolloid (skin) occlusion is also beneficial. It would appear that low dose ciclosporin, tetracycline antibiotics, and Grenz Ray Therapy may be useful. Colchicine has a lot of side effects. It is unclear if it is an effective treatment. There was no evidence that short-term use of hydroxycarbamide (hydroxyurea) is effective.
We found nine trials that evaluated the blood pressure-lowering effect of five drugs within the loop diuretic class. The trials included 460 people with a mean blood pressure of 162/103 mmHg for a mean of 8.8 weeks. We found no new trials in 2012 and 2014. The best estimate of systolic/diastolic blood pressure lowering effect was -7.9 (-10.4 to -5.4) mm Hg/ -4.4 (-5.9 to -2.8) mmHG, which is likely an overestimate. Withdrawals due to adverse effects and changes in blood pressure did not show a significant difference. We graded the quality of the evidence as "low" due to the high risk of bias of some of the studies and the high likelihood that they were biased.
We included 58 trials, of which 48 trials with 2849 participants randomised to intraperitoneal local anaesthetic instillation (1558 participants) versus control (1291 participants) contributed data to one or more of the outcomes for all outcomes. All the trials were at high risk of bias. There was no mortality in either group in the eight trials that reported deaths. One participant in the control group experienced the outcome of serious illness. None of the trials reported on the effects of the use of local anaesthetics on quality of life, return to normal activity, or return to work. The length of time spent in hospital was 0.04 days. The pain scores as measured by the visual analogue scale (VAS) were lower in the group receiving local anaesthesia (32 trials; 2020 participants) at four to eight hours, and at nine to 24 hours. The difference in length of hospital stay was between the two groups. The quality of the evidence was very low. This means that the true effect of the treatment is likely to be small. Serious adverse events were rare. There were no serious adverse events in any of the 715 people who received local anaesthesiologists who treated them. There is very low quality evidence that it reduces pain in people who are at risk of low anaesthetic risk. However, the importance of this reduction in pain is unknown and is likely small. Further trials are needed. Such trials should be of low risk of systematic errors (ie, there is a chance that the results will be biased in favour of one treatment or the other) and random errors (e.g. play of chance).
We identified 74 randomised controlled studies (RDTs) that assessed the sensitivity of RDTs for diagnosing P. falciparum malaria. We grouped studies according to the antigens they detected. Types 1 to 3 include HRP-2 (fromP. florengitis) either by itself or in combination with other antibodies. Types 4 and 5 included pLDH (from P. flurengitis). We found 71 evaluations of Type 1 tests, eight evaluations of type 2 tests, and five evaluations of types 3 and 4 tests. In comparisons with microscopy, we found that the sensitivity and specificity of all three types of tests were such that they can replace or extend the access of diagnostic services for uncomplicated patients. If the point estimates for Type 1 and Type 4 tests are applied to a hypothetical cohort of 1000 patients, where 30% of those presenting with symptoms have P. flare up, the number of people wrongly diagnosed with malaria would be 34 with type 1 tests and nine with type 4 tests, respectively. For both categories of test, there was substantial heterogeneity in study results. Quality of the microscopy reference standard could only be assessed in 40% of studies due to inadequate reporting, but results did not seem to be influenced by the reporting quality. Overall, the meta-analysis of the studies showed that HRP antibody-based tests tended to be more sensitive and were significantly less specific than pLDh-based diagnostic tests (such as the Type 4 and the Type 5 tests), but the differences are small. The HRP 2 antigen is not useful for detecting treatment failures.
We found five studies that compared short-term changes in the length of consultation time with each patient. All were conducted in the UK, and all were conducted with small numbers of participants. We did not find sufficient evidence to support or refute a policy of changing the length or the number of primary care physicians' consultations. Most of the studies had a high risk of bias, which means that their results may be biased. We are uncertain whether changing the appointment length of a primary care doctor's visit to each patient improves primary care practice. We found no evidence that any of the changes were harmful. None of the included studies reported on the costs of the interventions. The quality of the evidence for each outcome was very low. This means that we cannot be certain of the results. It is possible that these findings may change if high-quality trials are reported in the future. Further trials are needed that focus on health outcomes, costs, and cost-effectiveness. This plain language summary was written by a consumer, Benjamin Gray, Service User and Service User Expert, Rethink Mental Illness. Email: [email protected]
This review identified only three small trials that evaluated the effects of stavudine in people with HIV/AIDS. All three trials were conducted in developed countries. A total of 157 participants were recruited to the trials. Sample sizes ranged from 24 to 92 and more than 79% of participants were male. The trials were at a high risk of bias due to the way they were conducted. There was no clear difference in virologic suppression between the two groups. However, the studies did not show a clear advantage for low dose versus high dose of the drug. The studies did show that high dose versus low dose of stvudine may have some side effects. Symptomatic high blood lactation was seen in the high dose arm of the Milinkovic 2007 study. In the McComsey 2008 trial and not in the other two trials. The high dose and low dose groups showed a reduction in bone mineral density (BMD) and reduction in limb fat. There were no reports of side effects in either group. The results of individual trials were imprecise and so we cannot draw any conclusions. Furthermore, enrolled participants were ART experienced and all had sustained viral suppression at the start of the trial. It was not possible to perform a systematic review on these trials.
We included 10 trials with a total of 1658 participants in this review. Six of the trials included recruitment manoeuvres as part of an open lung ventilation strategy, which was different from control ventilation (such as mode of ventilation, higher positive end-expiratory pressure (PEEP) titration and lower tidal volume or plateau pressure). Six studies reported deaths. We found five trials to be at low risk of bias. Five trials (1370 participants) showed a reduction in the risk of death in the ICU. Pooled data from five trials (1450 patients) showed no difference in 28-day or hospital deaths. Data from four studies (1313 patients) did not show a difference in the number of deaths at 28 days or in hospital. Data revealed no differences in risk of barotrauma. We downgraded the quality of the evidence to low, as most of the included trials provided co-interventions (co-treatment with other interventions such as higher PEEP, different modes of ventilation and higher plateau pressure), which might have influenced results of the outcome.
We found 15 studies, involving 687 participants, that assessed the effects of relaxation therapy on asthma. Three studies measured our primary outcome but individually did not report any difference between treatment and control. The use of 'as needed' medications was reduced in two studies, (47 patients), by relaxation therapy. There was no difference in FEV1 (a measure of lung function) in four studies (150 patients). Quality of life, measured using the AsthmaQoL questionnaire, showed a positive effect following CBT (48 patients). Peak Expiratory Flow (PFEV) outcome data, (51 patients) indicated a significant difference for bio-feedback therapy (43 L/min) but there was no significant difference with relaxation therapy (WMD 43 L/minute) in terms of depression. The findings of this review were conflicting. This may have been due to the different types of interventions used and the poor study design. This review was not able to draw firm conclusions for the role of psychological treatments in the treatment of asthma due to an absence of evidence. Larger, well-conducted and reported randomised trials are required in this area.
This review aimed to assess the effects of antidepressants and benzodiazepines in people with panic disorder. Thirty-five studies, including 6785 participants, were included in this review. We found that there was no difference between the two drugs in terms of response rate. We also found some evidence that serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) may be better tolerated than TCAs, but we did not find a difference between them. We did, however, find that there may be a small benefit for the latter drug, but it is not clear if this is due to the fact that it is used as a stop-smoking medicine. There was very little information on side effects. The quality of the evidence was very low. The majority of studies did not report details on how they were carried out. The studies were too small to be able to fully answer our review questions. In general, based on the results of the current review, we suggest that the possible role of antidepressants should be assessed by the clinician on a case-by-case basis. The choice of which drug to use should not be made on the basis of this review only, and should be based on evidence of the efficacy and side effects of both drugs, including data from placebo-controlled studies. Data from this review will be included in a network meta-analysis, which will hopefully help to provide more useful information on this issue. The present review highlights the need for more high-quality studies, which should be conducted with high-methodological standards, and using pragmatic outcome measures to provide clinicians with useful and practical data. Data on long-term side effects should also be carefully considered.
Twenty-nine trials, that enrolled over 1,700 participants, were included. Three eligible studies compared plastic stents to surgery. There was a trend towards lower risk of 30-day deaths with plastic stent. Endoscopic stenting with surgical stents reduced the risk of complications, but there was a higher risk of recurrence of the obstruction prior to death. The addition of a valve improved the patency of the Teflon stents. Nine studies compared metal to plastic stenting. Metal stents were found to be less likely to block the bile. There were no significant differences in risk of technical failure, therapeutic failure, complications or 30- day mortality by meta-analysis. In patients with short predicted survival, their patency benefits may not be realised. Further RCTs are needed to determine the optimal stent type for these patients.
We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared ultrasound guidance with palpation or Doppler audible assistance. These studies included 444 arterial cannulations in paediatric participants. We found that ultrasound guidance improves first- and second-time success rates and decreases the rate of complications. We also found that the success rate at the first attempt may be more pronounced in infants and small children, in whom arterial line cannulation is more challenging. We did not find any evidence to support the use of ultrasound guidance for the first time in older children. We rated the quality of evidence for all outcomes as moderate. This was due to imprecision due to wide confidence intervals (i.e. wide range of confidence in the results) and small numbers of events. It was not possible to blind practitioners in all of the RCTs; this adds a bias that is inherent to the type of treatment studied in our review. No studies reported data about ischaemic damage. Risk of bias varied across studies, with some studies lacking details of how they were conducted.
We included one small randomised controlled trial (RCT) (80 male student participants from the Netherlands) and three studies (three ITS) (general population studies in the 1970s and 80s). The RCT found that young men who were exposed to low-alcohol content movies drank less than men exposed to high-alcohol-based movies. The results from the three ITS studies were not consistent. Two of the ITS studies evaluated the introduction of a ban on alcohol advertising and one studied the lifting of such a ban. Each of these studies evaluated a different type of ban (partial or full) and different degrees of restrictions or no restrictions. No adverse effects were reported in the studies. None of the studies were funded by the alcohol or advertising industries. There is a lack of robust evidence for or against recommending the use of alcohol advertising restrictions. There should be a high-quality, well-maintained research programme to evaluate the effects of such restrictions.
The review of trials found no evidence of difference in short-term growth, gastrointestinal intolerance, or necrotizing enterocolitis between MCT and LCT. However, there was some evidence that high MCT formula may have less adverse effects than low MCT. There was no evidence that LCT formula had less long-term adverse effects. There were conflicting data (two studies) as to how well LCT babies tolerate formula. There is no evidence to support the use of MCT as a first-line treatment for infant growth and development. Further studies are necessary because the results from the included eight studies are imprecise due to small numbers of infants and do not address important outcomes. Additional research should aim to clarify effects on formula tolerance and on long term growth and neurodevelopmental outcomes, and include larger study populations to better evaluate effect on NEC incidence.
We included one small trial (with data from 34 women) that compared transcervical amnioinfusion (10 mL per minute for 60 minutes) with no treatment. The trial did not report on perinatal death or severe morbidity. All women received intrauterine pressure catheters, acetaminophen (a drug used to lower blood pressure), antibiotics, and a group of drugs (ampicillin or, if receiving Group B beta streptococcal drugs, penicillin, gentamycin). We found no trials that used transabdominal amniotic fluid. The evidence is current to September 2016. We found one small study that reported on a limited number of outcomes of interest in this review. The number of women included in this study was too small for meaningful assessment of substantive outcomes, where reported. The study did not show any clear effect on the incidence of postpartum endometritis, neonatal infection, or caesarean section. There was no clear difference in the duration of maternal antibiotic treatment between the group of women who received amniosuppression and the control group, nor was there a clear effect in the number of babies who had a low Apgar score at five minutes after birth. The reduction in temperature at delivery, though not a pre-specified outcome of this review, may be of relevance in terms of benefits to the fetus of reduced exposure to heat. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. The included study was considered to be at a high risk of bias overall, due to small numbers, inconsistency in the reporting and lack of information on blinding.
This review aimed to assess the accuracy of the Mini-Cog as a cognitive test in community settings. Three studies were included in the review. The studies included a total of 1620 participants. All three studies were of low methodological quality. There were problems with the way the studies were carried out and this made it difficult to draw any firm conclusions about the diagnostic test accuracy. The quality of the studies was very low. There is a need for more research in this area.
We included 19 studies that investigated three types of amphetamines: dexamphetamine (10.2 mg/d to 21.8 mg) and lisdexamfetamine (30 mg/dL to 70 mg/D), and MAS (12.5 mg/DA to 80 mg). These studies enrolled 2521 participants. Most were middle-aged (35.3 years) and Caucasian males (57.2%) with ADHD. Eighteen studies were conducted in the USA, and one was conducted in both Canada and the USA. Ten were multi-site studies. All studies were placebo-controlled, and three also included a drug that could be used as an active comparator (e.g. guanfacine or modafinil). Amphetamines were efficacious in reducing the severity of ADHD symptoms as rated by patients. In contrast, we found no evidence to suggest that dexamphetamine reduced the severity. In addition, we did not find evidence that any amphetamine was better than other drugs for reducing ADHD symptoms. We found low- to very low-quality evidence that people who took dexamphetamine were less likely to drop out of treatment. We also found that people taking MAS were more likely to have side effects. The quality of the evidence was low for all of the outcomes. This was mainly because we could not rule out the possibility of a carry-over effect in the studies that used cross-over design.
We included 10 studies with 811 participants in this review update. The studies were diverse with regard to study quality, the chronic painful conditions that were studied, the dose of vitamin D given, the co-interventions, and the outcome measures reported. Only two of the 10 studies reported pain scores for people with chronic pain. The other studies reported treatment group average outcomes. The evidence was of low quality. There was no consistent pattern that vitamin D treatment was associated with greater benefit than placebo (dummy treatment). Adverse events were few and relatively infrequent, with no clear difference between vitamin D and placebo. Based on this evidence, a large beneficial effect of vitamins D for chronic pain is unlikely. Whether vitamin D can be used to treat specific chronic pain conditions needs further investigation. Overall, the quality of the evidence was low to moderate. This review update includes more than twice as many studies (517 participants) than the original version of this review.
Forty-one studies were included involving more than 200 practices and 48,000 patients. In all studies the intervention strategy was multifaceted. In 12 studies the interventions were targeted at the health professionals, in nine they were targeted to the organisation of care, and in 20 studies they targeted both. In 15 of the studies patient education was added to the professional interventions. The studies varied in terms of interventions, participants and settings. The quality of these studies was often poor. A combination of the interventions improved the performance of health professionals. The effect on patient outcomes was less clear. Arrangements for the follow-up of patients also showed a favourable effect on process outcomes. Multiple interventions in which the role of the nurse was enhanced, such as patient education, also showed positive effects on patients' health. Nurses can play an important role in patient-oriented interventions, through patient education or helping patients to take their medication.
We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing hormonal and intrauterine birth control methods in a total of 1503 women. The trials compared the following methods: the combined oral contraceptive (COC), a patch, a vaginal contraceptive ring, the LNG-IUS, 20 µg/day, 12 µg or 16 µg, and the copper IUD. The studies included a mean of 301 women. In two of the trials, the study groups did not differ much in terms of effectiveness or continuation. The only difference was that a COC group had a higher proportion of women who discontinued for other reasons, which may have little relevance to clinic use. In the other trial, the two groups used the same method of birth control. In one trial, women who used a LNG -IUS 12 or 16 showed similar efficacy and continued use of the method up to one and three years. In three trials, women used different doses of the same birth control method. In another study, the number of women that continued using the birth control pill was at least as high as for the COC. We considered the overall quality of the evidence to be moderate. Limitations were due to the design of the studies and limited reporting. The current evidence was not large enough to compare efficacy and continuation rates for hormonal and IUD methods in women aged 25 years and younger.
This review found that immunotherapy for house mite allergy reduced the use of asthma medications and improved bronchial hyper-reactivity. There was no difference in lung function. There were no serious side effects of immunotherapy.
This review found six trials involving 1297 patients. Five trials had a low risk of bias. One trial had an unclear risk of systematic error. Mortality at day 28 was significantly reduced by lung-protective ventilation with a relative risk (RR) of 0.74 (95% CI 0.61 to 0.88). Hospital mortality was reduced by 0.80 (95%). Overall mortality was not different if a plateau pressure of less than or equal to 31 cm H2O in the control group was used. There was not enough evidence for long-term outcomes, such as death, morbidity or long-lasting lung injury.
We included 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 1833 participants. The evidence is current to August 2015. We found that the intravenous technique of giving propofol to patients to help them to come out of anaesthesia is comparable with the inhalational technique of using sevoflurane to provide early emergence from anaesthesia. Adverse events with both techniques are also comparable. However, we found evidence of low quality from a limited number of studies. These results should be interpreted with caution. Randomized controlled trials based on uniform and standard methods are needed. Researchers should follow proper methods of randomization and blinding, and trials should be adequately powered.
This review identified four trials including 15,936 hypertensive patients. Average age was 75.4 years. Mean blood pressure at entry across the studies was 171/86 mmHg. There is no convincing evidence that lowering blood pressure in late-life prevents the development of dementia or cognitive impairment. There were significant problems with analysing the data, however, due to the large number of patients lost to follow up and the high number of placebo patients who received active treatment.
We identified 12 randomised controlled trials enrolling 3474 patients. The evidence for the effectiveness of PTCRA in in-stent re-stenosis is unclear. The overall risk of bias of the studies was unclear due to a lack of reported data. However, the authors concluded that this would be unlikely to impact adversely on the results as most of the outcomes were objective (e.g. death vs. no death). In complex lesions, there were no significant differences in re-steenosis rates at six months (RR 1.05; 95% CI 0.83 to 1.33) and at one year in those receiving PTCra/PTCA (PTCRA and PTCA), compared to those receiving a balloon angioplasty. There was no evidence of an increase in the risk of death or heart attack in patients with complex lesions. In patients with non-complex lesions, the results were inconclusive. The results of this review are based on a small number of studies with few participants. There is limited evidence to support the routine use of a balloon PTCR in the routine re-stenting of patients with coronary artery stents. There was no difference in the rate of major side effects (MI, heart attack or death) between the groups. In patients with more complex lesions (i.e. patients unable for cardiac surgery, those with architecturally complex, or those with lesions that fail PTCa), there may be some benefit from a balloon use in the future.
This review identified three studies that compared nebulised rhDNase with a placebo. Two of these studies were multicentre trials, comprising only participants who had a positive test for bronchiolitis. The other study was from Italy. All three studies used 2.5 mL (1 mg/mL) of nebulaise compared with placebo. In these patients, treatment did not shorten the length of stay in hospital or improve clinical outcomes. In one of the studies, four out of 11 patients in the treatment group had an atelectasis, which is a condition in which the airway is forced open. There was no significant difference in adverse events. These included temporary desaturation, shortness of breath, increased coughing, facial rash, hoarseness, coughs and dry mouth.
We found two studies with a total of 181 participants. One study had a small sample size and did not adequately report method of randomisation (randomised controlled trial) or how it was done. The second study was a larger study, with few sources of bias and good methodology. We found no significant difference in death between groups. Only one study reported on aneurysm exclusion. In this study, we found that there was only one failure of exclusion in the surgical group. We also found no difference in major complication rate between the two groups. There was a difference in the length of time it took to perform the operation, and there was no difference between the groups in the number of bleeding complications or haematomas (blood clots). We found that the percutaneous approach was faster than the cut-down access technique. There were no wound infections in either group. The quality of the evidence was moderate for all outcomes. We downgraded the quality of evidence to moderate due to the small number of studies, low event numbers and imprecision (low certainty). The number of included studies was limited. The search identified one ongoing study, which we hope may provide more evidence in the future.
The review of trials found that the sponge was less effective than the diaphragm in preventing pregnancy. The sputum sponge was more likely to cause allergic-type reactions, but the number of women who stopped using the sponge for discomfort differed in the two trials. Discontinuation rates were higher at 12 months as well. Other trials will be needed to resolve the potential role of spermicides in the prevention of sexually transmitted infections or in causing adverse effects.
Sixteen studies were identified for possible inclusion in the review. Six of which were included. Three studies investigated prevention of cognitive deficits, three investigated amelioration, and three studies investigated the use of a non-pharmacological intervention. There is no strong evidence to support any of the interventions (drugs, cognitive/behavioural, or non-drug interventions) in preventing or amelifying cognitive deficits. There was some evidence that memantine (a drug) may help prevent cognitive deficits for people with brain metastases, and that donepezil (an antiepileptic) may have a role in treating cognitive deficits in people who have had brain tumours removed from the brain. However, there were a number of limitations in the way the studies were carried out. Further research that tries to minimise the risk of people withdrawing from the studies, and reduce the requirement for imputation procedures, may offer a higher quality of evidence.
We found two studies that investigated the effects of low-level laser treatment compared to placebo (dummy) laser treatment for patients with sensory deficit as a result of the injury. Both studies were at high risk of bias. The age range of participants was from 17 to 55 years. The evidence is up-to-date as of February 2015. Both trials investigated the effectiveness of low level laser treatment on the severity of sensory deficit in patients with inferior alveolar nerve injury. There was some evidence of an improvement in the subjective assessment of neurosensory deficit in the lip and chin areas, though the results were imprecise. The overall quality of the evidence for this outcome was very low; the outcome data were fully reported in one small study of 13 patients, with differential drop-out in the control group, and patients suffered only partial loss of sensation. No studies reported on the effect of the intervention on pain, difficulty eating or speaking or taste. There is clearly a need for randomised controlled clinical trials to investigate the effectiveness and safety of surgical, medical and psychological interventions for the treatment of iatrogenic nerve injuries. Primary outcomes of this research should include: patient-focused morbidity measures including altered sensation and pain, pain, quantitative sensory testing and delayed treatment. Quality of life or adverse events.
We found two randomised controlled trials (281 pregnancies and 282 fetuses) that met our inclusion criteria. However, the two trials had significant clinical and methodological differences in terms of how they were conducted. One trial (161 pregnancies) was based on women with a history of diabetes. This study showed no difference in the rate of miscarriages between the treatment group and the no treatment group. The second study (based on pregnant women who had undergone IVF) did not report on this review's other main outcomes (perinatal death or preterm birth), nor on the rates of any of our other secondary outcomes. In terms of our primary outcome, we found that combined oestrogen and progestogen may increase the risk of breast cancer in mothers, but there was no difference between groups. Similarly, there were no differences between the two treatment groups for the other outcomes reported. We found no differences in the birthweight of less than 2500 g in the offspring, low birthweight in the newborn, abnormalities other than the genital tract in the unborn child, or cancer other than that of the reproductive system. There was no evidence that either of these two trials was of high quality. There is an urgent need for more research in this area.
The review of trials found that both TCAs and SSRIs are effective for depression in primary care. Nearly all studies were of short duration, typically 6-8 weeks.
We found nine studies that compared ibuprofen with placebo (a pretend drug) or other active comparators (e.g. rofecoxib 25 mg) for the treatment of acute migraine headaches. The studies included a total of 4373 participants, 5223 attacks, with a mean age of 40 years. The duration of the studies ranged from two weeks to three months. Ibuproen is an effective treatment for acute migraine headache, providing pain relief in about half of sufferers, but complete relief from pain and associated symptoms for only a minority. NNTs for all efficacy outcomes were better with 400 mg than 200 mg in comparisons with placebo, and soluble formulations provided more rapid relief. Adverse events were mostly mild and transient, occurring at the same rate as with placebo. The higher dose was significantly better than the lower dose for 2-hour headache relief. Soluble formulations of 200 mg were better than standard tablets for 1-hour, but not for 2 hours. Similar numbers of participants experienced adverse events (mostly mild and short-lived) with ibupronfen and placebo, with the higher dose causing more side effects than with placebo in comparison with placebo or with other active treatments. The results of this review are up-to-date as of April 2014.
We included 43 randomized controlled trials with 3497 participants with dry eye. The evidence is current to August 2016. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, and the United Kingdom. We found that, in general, there was uncertainty whether different OTC artificial tears provide similar relief of signs and symptoms when compared with each other or placebo. Nevertheless, we found that 0.2% polyacrylic acid-based artificial tears were consistently more effective at treating dry eye symptoms than 1.4% polyvinyl alcohol-based synthetic tears in two trials assessing this comparison (175 participants). All other included artificial tears produced contradictory between-group results or found no difference in effectiveness between the two groups. Our review also found that OTC synthetic tears may be generally safe, but not without adverse events. Overall, we assessed the quality of evidence as low due to high risks of bias among included trials and poor reporting of outcome measures which were insufficient for quantitative analysis. Furthermore, we identified an additional 18 potentially eligible trials that were reported only in clinical trial registers with no associated results or publications. These trials reportedly enrolled 2079 total participants for whom no data are available. Such lack of reporting of trial results represents a high risk of publication bias.
We found one randomised controlled trial in 136 patients that compared second-line regimens with either boosted PIs or no PIs. There was no difference in the proportion of patients with HIV who had their viral loads reduced after six months or the time to HIV-1 RNA suppression. Two other small observational studies also did not show a difference in viral suppression between the groups. There were no trials that compared boosted protease inhibitors (PIs) or nucleoside backbone combinations with first-line treatment. There are no studies that compare PIs with boosted drugs in patients starting ART. There is a need for more research in this area.
We included 133 studies involving 844,206 participants. We evaluated a total of seven different prespecified index tests in the 133 studies, as well as 69 non-prespecified, and 32 combinations of tests. We found six studies for the Mallampati test, 105 for the modified Mallampatis test, 52 for the Wilson risk score, 18 for sternomental distance, 34 for the mouth opening test, and 30 for the upper lip bite test. All studies were conducted in adults with no apparent anatomical airway abnormalities. We assessed the quality of the evidence from these studies as low to moderate. For difficult face mask ventilation, we found seven studies that used the reference standard in seven studies, difficult laryngoscopy in 92 studies, and difficult tracheal intubation in 50 studies. We judged the risk of bias to be variable for each of the different domains; we mostly observed low-risk of bias for patient selection, flow and timing, and unclear risk-bias for reference standard and index test. Applicability concerns were generally low for all domains. The tests were generally of high sensitivity. For the tests we examined, the tests showed the most favourable diagnostic test accuracy properties. We could only estimate summary sensitivity (0.17, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.06 to 0.39) and specificity (1.87 (CI 0.82 to 0). For difficult tracation, we could only calculate summary sensitivity and specificity of 0.24 (95% CI 0.12 to 0) for the thyromental distance and 0.51 (CI 1.51 to 0.51) of the modified mallampatis for the other tests. However, for difficult face masks, we were unable to calculate summary and specificity for the different tests. The upper lip bites test provided the highest sensitivity for diagnosing difficult larynxoscopy compared to the other three tests, and the modified test had the highest specificity
This review found that probiotics reduce the duration of diarrhoea and the frequency of stool stool in children and young children. Probiotics appear to be safe and can be used in combination with rehydration therapy. However, more research is needed to guide the use of probiotics in specific patient groups.
We found only one study that compared nidotherapy-enhanced standard care with standard care alone. This study included 52 participants. The duration of the included study was 18 months in total. The single study examined the short-term (up to six months) and the medium-term effects (six months and 12 months) effects of the new form of care. The results of this single study showed that people receiving the new standard care were more likely to leave the study early, and to engage with non-inpatient services. However, the results of the study did not show a difference between the intervention group and the control group for social functioning in both the short term (both short term and medium term) and in the medium term (six to 12 months). The results for the adverse effects/events of death (measured by one year) favoured the intervention but with no statistical significance. Skewed results were available for mental state, service use, and economic outcomes, and present a mixed picture of the benefits of this newly-formulated therapy. Further research is needed into the possible benefits or harms of the newly-formed therapy. Until such research is available, patients, clinicians, managers and policymakers should consider it an experimental approach.
We included eight studies with a total of 3283 participants. Five studies compared pregabalin (150, 300, 450, or 600 mg daily) with placebo, with assessment after 8 to 13 weeks of stable treatment. Two studies compared twice-daily (daily) or once-weekly (twice-daily) treatment to placebo, and one study compared a short down-titration to placebo for 13 or 26 weeks. No studies included active comparators. Pregabalin 300 to 600 mg produces a major reduction in pain intensity over 12 to 26 weeks with tolerable side effects for a small proportion of people (about 10% more than placebo) with moderate or severe pain due to fibromyalgia. The degree of pain relief is known to be accompanied by improvements in other symptoms, quality of life, and function. The majority (70% to 90%) of participants in all treatment groups experienced side effects. Specific side effects included dizziness, somnolence, weight gain, and peripheral oedema. Serious side effects did not differ between active treatment groups and placebo (very low quality evidence). Withdrawals due to side effects were about 10% higher with pregapalin than placebo, but withdrawals due to lack of efficacy were about 6% lower. The quality of the evidence ranged from high to very low.
We included one randomised controlled trial with 135 women with mild pre-eclampsia at term. An additional six studies are awaiting further assessment. The trial did not report the outcomes of this review's main outcomes. There was no significant difference in Apgar score less than seven at five minutes, nor in gestational age at birth. However, there were more maternal side effects (feeling warm and flushed). There were no significant differences in side effects severe enough to stop treatment. There were also no differences seen between groups in the rate of postpartum haemorrhage (blood in the urine) and caesarean section. There is not enough evidence to assess the safety and benefits of magnesium sulphate for the protection of the baby's brain.
This review aimed to evaluate the effectiveness of smoking cessation interventions for Indigenous populations. Four studies met the inclusion criteria for this review. Two studies used a combination of a pharmacotherapy, one used cognitive and behavioural therapy, one through text message support and the other through clinic doctors who were trained in the techniques used to help quit smoking. These studies showed that smoking cessation programmes targeted at Indigenous populations can help people to stop smoking. However, there is a lack of evidence to support or refute these findings. This review highlights the need for more rigorous research in this area. This plain language summary has been written by a consumer Ben Gray, Service User and Service User Expert, Rethink Smoking. Email: [email protected]
We included 13 studies (5686 patients) in this review. All studies reported some type of hospital mortality (28-day, 30-day or 60-day mortality). We considered studies of high-risk surgery patients (eight studies) and patients with general health problems (five studies). The pooled risk ratio (RR) for mortality was 1.02 (95% CI 0.96 to 1.09) for the studies of low-risk patients and 0.98 (95%) for those with high risk surgery. Of the eight studies of patients with high- risk surgery, five evaluated the use of pre-operative optimization, but there was no difference in deaths when these studies were examined separately. We found that PAC did not affect the number of deaths in the ICU or hospital, or the length of stay in ICU. We also found that there were no differences in the time patients spent in the general ICU (four studies) or hospital (nine studies). We did not find a difference in the cost of care for adult patients in intensive care. We rated 75% of the studies as low risk for bias. The quality of evidence was high for deaths and LOS but low for costs. The evidence is up to date as of April 2015. Newer, less-invasive haemodynamic monitoring tools need to be validated against PAC prior to clinical use in critically ill patients. Efficacy studies are needed to determine if there are optimal PAC-guided management protocols, which when applied to specific patient groups in ICUs could result in benefits such as shock reversal, improved organ function and less vasopressor use.
The review of trials found that venepuncture is the method of choice for blood sampling in term newborns. The use of a sweet tasting solution reduces the pain experienced by the babies. Further research is needed.
We found two small studies of poor methodological quality, involving 52 women with a broken down perineal wound at the point of entry. There was no information on how wound healing was measured. Only one small study presented data in relation to wound healing at less than four weeks, (the primary outcome for this review). There was a trend to favour the resuturing group, however, this difference was not statistically significant. Similarly, there was no difference between the two groups at two months and six months. This trial also included data on the numbers of women who resumed sexual intercourse, and found that more women in the second sutured group had resumed sex by two months. However, by six months there was still no significant difference. Neither of the studies reported on pain at any time interval, pain at the site of the wound, the woman's satisfaction with the aesthetic results of the wounds, exclusive breastfeeding, and anxiety or depression. Based on this review, there is not enough evidence to either support or refute the use of second-stage suturing for the management of these wounds.
We included 18 studies involving 2521 participants. The methodological quality of 17 included studies was poor. Included RCTs separately compared medicinal herbs with different antiviral drugs, preventing any pooling of the results. Most of the studies showed that Chinese medicinal herbs may be effective in preventing flu and alleviating flu symptoms. Few were shown to be superior to antiviral drug treatment. There were no obvious side effects. However, current evidence is weak and more high-quality studies are needed to confirm these findings.
We included 8 studies with a total of 558 participants in this review. Most studies had a high risk of bias due to poor study design, broad inclusion criteria, low patient numbers and industry involvement. Based on low certainty evidence, thrombolytic therapy may restore catheter function when compared to placebo but there is no data available to suggest an optimal dose or administration method. The certainty of this evidence is reduced due to the fact that it is based on only a single study with wide confidence limits and imprecision in the estimates of adverse events. There is insufficient evidence to suggest any specific intervention is superior in terms of ensuring either dialysis adequacy or reduced risk of side effects. The current review is limited by the small number of available studies with limited numbers of patients enrolled. Most of the included studies were judged to have a high-risk of bias and were potentially influenced by pharmaceutical industry involvement and there was no evidence to support physical intervention over the use of pharmaceutical agents in the acute setting. Further research is required to adequately address the question of the most efficacious and clinically appropriate technique for HD catheter dysfunction.
We found 17 trials reporting on 22 treatment comparisons (2674 patients randomised). The addition of one or more drugs to the regimen showed an advantage for tumour response, but there was no difference in survival time or time to progression between the regimen and control (the regimen alone). There was also an increase in side effects, such as hair loss, nausea and vomiting, and leucopenia.
The review of trials found that a National Long-term Unit (NLU) is better than ICU care for the chronically ill. However, it is unclear if this is due to the length of stay in ICU. There was some evidence that patients discharged from a NLU are better prepared for discharge but it is not clear if this was due to an increased length of hospital stay. There were no major adverse effects of the NLU. More research is needed.
We included 11 studies including 414 participants in the review. Two studies compared therapeutic ultrasound with placebo, two studies compared one type of ultrasound with another, and six compared ultrasound as part of a multi-component treatment with another non-surgical treatment. The risk of bias was low in some studies, and unclear or high in others. Most studies did not report how participants were assigned to treatment groups, and it was unclear if the way the study was carried out was well concealed. There is only poor quality evidence from very limited data to suggest that therapeutic ultrasound may be more effective than placebo for short- or long-term symptom improvement in people with CTS. More studies are needed before any firm conclusions can be made about the safety of this treatment.
We included eight studies involving approximately 10,000 participants in this review. The active treatments were pravastatin, atorvastatin (a statin drug), simvastatine, clofibrate (a steroid), and conjugated oestrogen (a hormone). We found that statin therapy in patients with a history of ischaemic stroke or stroke or TIA had a marginal benefit in reducing the risk of stroke recurrence. There was no clear evidence that statins had a benefit in preventing stroke in those with a recent haemorrhagic stroke. Three statin trials showed that patients treated with statins were less likely to have a subsequent heart attack or stroke-related death. There is some evidence to support the use of statins to prevent heart attacks and deaths in people with a previous stroke. However, it is not clear whether statins should be started soon after a stroke, or later.
The aim of this review was to assess the effectiveness of these programmes in changing smoking behaviour. Eleven studies were included in the review. Studies differed in design, settings, duration, content of the campaigns, length of follow-up and methods of evaluation. Studies also differed in the types of tobacco control programmes and the ways in which the campaigns were conducted. Overall, there is some evidence that such programmes can be effective in changing people's smoking habits. However, the quality of the studies was variable. Among seven campaigns reporting smoking prevalence, the largest decrease was seen in the state of California. Three large-scale campaigns of the seven that reported results for tobacco consumption found significant decreases. Among the eight studies that reported abstinence or quit rates, four showed some positive effect. In one of them, the effect was measured for quitting and cutting down combined. One of the three that did not show significant decreases, one showed a significant effect on smokers and ex-smokers. Six of nine studies carried out in communities or regions showed at least some positive effects on smoking behaviour, and at least one significant change in smoking prevalence. The intensity and duration of mass media campaigns may influence effectiveness, but the length of time that the campaigns last and concurrent trends and events can make this difficult to quantify. There is no consistent relationship was observed between the effects of such programmes and age, education, ethnicity or gender.
We included 24 studies with a total of 2166 participants, 23 of which provided data for analysis. Seventeen studies compared yoga with no therapy. Yoga improved health-related quality of life (10 studies, 675 participants) and reduced fatigue (11 studies, 883 participants) in the short term. Yoga did not appear to reduce depression (seven studies, 496 participants), anxiety (three studies, 195 participants) or fatigue (six studies, 346 participants). Yoga had no effect on sleep disturbances (two studies, 146 participants). No study reported on safety. Four studies that compared yoga versus psychosocial/educational interventions provided moderate-quality evidence (four studies, 226 participants) that yoga can reduce depression, anxiety, and fatigue (in the short-term) when compared with no treatment. Yoga might be an alternative to other exercise programmes. Three studies (146 participants) compared yoga to exercise. The results of these studies showed that yoga might be as effective as exercise, but the quality of the evidence was very low. No serious side effects were reported. We found no evidence that yoga is safe. The quality of evidence in this review ranged from very low to moderate. This means that the true effect of yoga could be quite different from what we found.
We found one study that compared early post-operative brain imaging (within 48 hours) with no post-operatively-surgery brain imaging. This study included 125 people who had surgery for GBM. Most patients in the study underwent surgery to remove all of the tumours in the brain and had radiotherapy and temozolomide (a drug that is used to treat cancer). The study was at high risk of bias. Evidence from this study suggested little or no difference between the two groups of patients in terms of overall survival (deaths) at one year and two years after diagnosis. The study did not report any other outcomes. We found no evidence on the effectiveness of other imaging schedules. In addition, we did not find any relevant economic evaluations of the different imaging strategies. The evidence is up-to-date as of September 2016.
We included three studies randomising 161 people with schizophrenia. Data were available for only two of our main outcomes. Clinically important improvement in global state was measured in two studies, but no clear difference was found. There was no difference in the number of people with parkinsonism at eight weeks. There were no useable data for the other key outcomes, readmission due to relapse, satisfaction with treatment, aggressive or violent behaviour, or cost of care. Chlorpromazine seems to be the mainstay treatment for schizophrenia for decades. However, the need to determine whether metiapine is better or worse than chlorpromazine is lacking in clinical relevance. Future research on this comparison seems unlikely.
Twenty-three studies were identified for inclusion. The use of nitroimidazole antibiotics appeared to reduce the risk of post-operatively recurrence of Crohn’s disease. However, these agents were linked to a higher risk of serious side effects. Azathioprine/6MP was also associated with a significantly lower risk of clinical recurrence, and more severe endoscopy recurrence. There was no significant difference in risk between mesalamine and azathiopride/6-MP for the other outcome. There were not enough studies of infliximab, budesonide (a drug that suppresses the immune system), tenovil and interleukin 10 to be able to draw any conclusions. The cost, side effects and tolerability of these approaches need careful consideration in order to determine the best way to prevent Crohn's disease recurrence after an operation.
We included seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 885 participants in this review. The psychosocial interventions considered in the studies were: cognitive-behavioural coping skills training (one study), twelve-step programme (one), brief intervention (three studies), motivational interviewing (two studies), and brief motivational interviewing. Two studies were considered in two comparisons. There were no data for the secondary outcome, alcohol-related harm. We found low to very low-quality evidence to suggest that there is no difference in effectiveness between different types of interventions to reduce alcohol consumption among people who use illicit drugs, and that brief interventions are not superior to assessment-only or to treatment as usual. No firm conclusions can be made because of the paucity of the data and the low quality of the retrieved studies. We judged the majority of the trials to have a high or unclear risk of bias.
We found 23 trials with a total of 1586 participants. Fifty-eight per cent of these participants were from five unpublished studies. The trials compared quinine to placebo (20 trials, 1140 participants), vitamin E (four trials, 543 people), a vitamin E combination (three trials, 510 people), and xylocaine (a muscle relaxant) injections (one trial, 24 people). We found no new trials for inclusion when we searched for them in 2014. The risk of bias in the trials varied considerably. All 23 trials claimed to be randomised, but only a minority described how the trials were carried out. Compared to placebo, the use of a single dose of 200 mg to 500 mg per day reduced cramps by 28%, cramp days by 10%, and cramp duration by 20%. There was no difference in the number of cramps over two weeks. A significantly greater number of people suffered minor side effects (mostly stomach symptoms) on quineine than on placebo. There were no major side effects. One participant suffered from thrombocytopenia (a blood clot in the leg) with quinne. The use of theophylline (a drug that blocks the formation of blood clots) in the gastrocnemius muscle (one study, 77 people) improved cramps, but there was no major difference in side effects between the two groups. A quinaine-vitamin E-the-pyridoxine combination, vitamin E, and xylicocaine injections into the stomach muscle were not different from quinline alone in all outcomes. There is low or moderate evidence that a single 200 mg dose (200 mg or 500 mg) can reduce cramps and cramps days, and moderate quality evidence that it reduces cramp intensity by 20% and 28%, respectively. The most commonly used dose was 300 mg/day (range 200 to500 mg). There is no evidence
We found seven randomised controlled trials enrolling a total of 406 individuals. Three trials enrolled women with pregnancy-associated leg cramps, and four trials enrolled idiopathic cramps (n = 322 including cross-over controls). The evidence is current to September 2015. For idiopathy (leg cramps that occur in the night), magnesium was compared to placebo (a pretend treatment) in six trials and to no treatment in one trial. The differences in frequency of cramps were small, not statistically significant, and without heterogeneity (I2 = 0%). This includes the percentage change from baseline (3.93%, 95% confidence interval (CI) -21.12% to 13.26%, moderate quality evidence) and the difference (0.01 cramps/week, 95% CI -0.52 to 0.55, moderate quality of evidence). The percentage of individuals experiencing a 25% or better reduction in cramp rate from baseline was also no different, being 8% lower in the magnesium group. Similarly, no statistically significant difference was found at four weeks in measures of cramp intensity or cramp duration (low quality evidence). We could not determine the number of subjects with minor adverse events, studies of oral magnesium generally described potential side effects as similar in frequency to placebo. It is unlikely that magnesium supplementation provides clinically meaningful cramp prophylaxis to older adults experiencing skeletal muscle cramps. In contrast, for those experiencing pregnant-associated rest cramps the literature is conflicting and further research in this patient population is needed. We found no randomized controlled trials evaluating magnesium for exercise-associated cramps or disease state-associated muscle cramp (for example amyotrophic lateral sclerosis/motor neuron disease). The single trial comparing magnesium to placebo failed to find statistically significant benefit on a three-point ordinal scale of overall treatment efficacy. Withdrawals due to adverse events were not significantly different than placebo.
We included one study that compared a six-month home-based, combined muscle strength and recumbent cycle ergometry training program with usual care. The study included 14 people with SMA. The age range of the people in the study was between 10 years and 48 years. People in the training group were able to walk 9.4 m further than those in the usual care group. The change from baseline to six months' follow-up in walking distance was not different from the change in the control group. Cardiopulmonary exercise capacity (VO2max), a measure of lung function, was similar in the group of people who did and did not perform strength training. The HFMSE score (a test that measures muscle strength) in people who performed strength training increased by 2 points compared to those who did not. The training group showed a slight improvement in muscle strength, expressed as the manual muscle test (MMT), which ranges from 28 (weakest) to 280 (strongest) points. The MMT total score was 6.8 points in the strength training group and 5.14 points for the control. The trial did not assess the effects of training on fatigue or quality of life. There were no serious adverse events or adverse events leading people to withdraw from the study. The certainty of the evidence was low or very low, meaning that we are uncertain about the results. We need more research in this area.
We found two randomised controlled trials (N = 149) comparing surgery with physiotherapy or hard collar immobilization. One trial (81 patients with neck spondylosis) found that surgery was superior to physiotherapy and cervical collar immobilization in the short-term (one year) for pain, weakness or sensory loss. At one year, there were no differences between groups. The other trial (68 patients with mild myelopathy) found no differences between surgery and conservative treatment in three years after treatment. Both trials had problems with their design that could have led to bias. Both small trials were at risk of bias. The evidence is up to date as of May 2014. There is low quality evidence that surgery may provide pain relief faster than physiotherapy and hard collar  immobilization in patients with cervical radiculopathy; but there is little or no difference in the long-term. Further research is very likely to have an impact on the estimate of effect and our confidence in it.
Nine studies met our inclusion criteria. Six studies compared telephone consultation versus normal care, four by a doctor, one by a nurse and three by a clinic clerk. Three of five studies found a decrease in visits to GP's but two found an increase in return consultations. In general at least 50% of calls were handled by telephone advice alone. In seven studies there was no difference between the groups in terms of accident and emergency department visits. One study, of nurse telephone consultation, found an increased in visits. Two studies reported deaths and found no difference in the number of calls made to the emergency department by nurses. Three studies compared different types of health care workers. Two compared nurses with doctors and one compared health assistants with doctors or nurses. Telephone consultation seems to reduce the need for surgery contacts and out-of-hours GP visits. However, questions remain about its effects on service use. Further rigorous evaluation is needed.
We included 84 studies with a total of 22,872 participants in this review. The evidence is current to September 2016. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand and the United Kingdom. Most of the studies were carried out in higher risk individuals or settings. Studies with follow-up periods of at least four months were of more interest in assessing the sustainability of intervention effects and were also less susceptible to short-term reporting or publication bias. The results of this review indicate that there are no substantive, meaningful benefits of MI interventions for preventing alcohol use, misuse or alcohol-related problems. Although we found some statistically significant effects, the effect sizes were too small, given the measurement scales used in the included studies, to be of relevance to policy or practice. Moreover, the quality of evidence is not strong, suggesting that any effects could be inflated by risk of bias. Further analyses showed that there was no clear relationship between the duration of the MI intervention (in minutes) and effect size. Subgroup analyses revealed no clear subgroup effects for longer-term outcomes (four or more months) for assessment only versus alternative intervention controls; for university/college vs other settings; or for higher risk vs all/low risk participants. None of the trials reported harms related to MI.
We included 29 studies with a total of 2210 participants. All participants had asthma, and follow-up ranged from 2 to 26 weeks. Most studies were at low or unclear risk of selection and attrition bias and at high risk of blinding. We considered most of the evidence to be of low quality. We classified studies into three groups: enhanced face-to-face training (e.g. a video or audio training session), multi-media-delivered inhaler training (i.e. DVD, computer app or game) and technique feedback devices. We found that enhanced inhaler technique education, multi- media training and the use of feedback devices led to improvements in technique in most studies. For both adults and children, the type of checklists used to assess whether people were using their inhaler properly and how often seemed to affect whether people's technique improved. However, we could not be sure that this was true in all studies. We also found that the types of interventions and measurement methods used in some studies might have had an impact on the results. Most of the studies did not report important clinical benefits for people with asthma. We did find some evidence that people who were given enhanced face to-face inhaler-training sessions were more likely to be able to control their asthma better than those who were not, but this was based on few studies. Inhaler feedback devices may have led to a small benefit for some people, but we were uncertain about this. We could not tell whether these devices had an important effect on the number of people who used them. We were also uncertain whether they had an effect on people's quality of life. In summary, we found that most studies were of low to moderate quality. This means that we cannot be confident in their results. We rated the quality of evidence using four levels: low, moderate, low, high, low or very low. The evidence in this review is up to date as of February 2016.
We found three small trials, involving 226 participants, that compared mannitol with placebo in people with acute stroke. One trial included patients who had not had a stroke, and the other two trials included people with a stroke that had been confirmed with CT-verified ICH. None of the trials reported on death and dependency. There was no difference in the number of deaths or disability between the two groups in the ICH trial. The change in clinical condition was not reported in two trials. The proportion of those with worsening or not improving condition did not differ significantly between the group of people treated with and the control. Based on these three trials, we could not prove whether or not the effects of manmitol are harmful. There is not enough evidence to support the routine use of this drug in the routine care of people with stroke. More trials are needed.
Six trials were identified, with 425 patients randomized to D-penicillamine and 258 to placebo. A statistically significant benefit was seen for the three dose range and for most outcome measures including: tender joint counts, pain, physician's global assessments and ESR. The difference for ESR was 10.6 mm/hr. The results of the higher dose group were similar. Total withdrawals were higher in the moderate and high dosage groups (OR=1.63 and 2.13 respectively). Adverse reactions were more common in the high dose group (OR = 2.60 and 4.95 respectively). Its efficacy appears to be similar to that of other disease modifying rheumatoid drugs (DMARDs), but with a higher toxicity. Its effects on long-term function and radiological progression are not clear.
We included four relevant trials. All of them were of low quality. All four studies used a decoction containing Huangqi compounds as the intervention with chemotherapy. There was a significant reduction in the proportion of patients with nausea & vomiting when decoctions of the Huangqi compound were given in addition to chemotherapy. We found no evidence of harm arising from the use of Chinese herbs. We need more high quality randomised controlled studies investigating the effects of the Chinese herbs, particularly Astragalus spp.(as in Huangqi), on chemotherapy-related side effects.
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 866 participants. The trials evaluated vitamin A, DHA, and vitamin A plus DHA. One trial evaluated the effect of vitamin A and DHA on visual field loss or visual acuity, one trial evaluated DHA alone, and a third trial compared DHA plus vitamin A with vitamin A alone. None of the RCTs had protocols for reporting the results of the trials, so it was unclear how the trials were conducted. We did not perform a meta-analysis due to differences in the types of people in the trials. The primary outcome, mean change of visual field, at one year, was not reported in any of the studies. No adverse events were reported. Based on these results, we conclude that there is no clear evidence to support the use of vitamins A and/or DHA for people with RP. No trial reported a statistically significant benefit of vitamin supplementation on the progression of loss of vision. Two of the three trials reported changes in the ERG amplitudes, but these results have not been replicated or confirmed by findings in the other trials.
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 414 participants. The majority of participants had IA, most with RA and to a lesser degree AS. The interventions aimed to prevent job loss and improve work function in several ways: firstly, by evaluating work changes or adapting work tasks and then by providing any person-directed interventions (e.g. vocational counselling or advice or education). The duration or dose of the interventions varied from two 1.5-hour sessions to six to eight sessions per week. All participants were recruited through rheumatology clinics, both in or outside hospitals. The RCTs looked at job loss, work absenteeism, work functioning and sick leave. We found very low quality evidence to support the use of job loss prevention interventions to reduce the number of people who lose their jobs. We judged the quality of the evidence using the GRADE approach to be very low. This means that we have very little confidence in the results. Of the two included trials, the larger one (n = 242) showed a large reduction in job loss. The other RCT, n = 140, found similar effects. Both trials were at high risk of bias. The one small trial investigating sick leave found uncertain results. Finally, in the same small trial, we found that work functioning using the Rheumatoid Arthritis-WIS scale (a scale that assesses work stability) was better at six months. We identified no adverse effects. This Cochrane review of three trials found that there was not enough evidence to be sure that the interventions had an effect on job loss or on work functioning. However, the results of this review show that these strategies have potential to be effective.
We identified three eligible studies that included a total of 285 preterm infants (140 of which 140 received arginine) from three countries. We assessed the quality of the evidence as good. We noted a reduction in risk of NEC in preterm babies born before term who were given a single dose of the drug, compared with a placebo (dummy) treatment. The number needed to treat for one preterm baby to develop NEC was 6. The quality of evidence was moderate. We also found that the risk of death due to NEC was reduced by a significant amount. We did not find any evidence that the drug had any side effects. Follow-up of the trials showed no differences in adverse events (cerebral palsy, cognitive delay, blindness or hearing loss) at 36 months. The evidence is up to date as of May 2018.
We found four studies involving 1943 participants with acute sinusitis. The trials were well-designed and double-blind and studied INCS versus placebo or no treatment for 15 or 21 days. The rates of loss to follow-up were 7%, 11%, 41% and 10%. When we combined the results from the three trials included in the meta-analysis, we found that INCS was more likely to be effective in improving symptoms than placebo. In addition, INCS had an effect on improvement of symptoms or complete relief. Higher doses of INCS were more effective than lower doses. No significant side effects were reported and there was no difference in the drop-out and recurrence rates for the two treatment groups. No new trials were found for this update.
The review of trials found that prophylactic vancomycin in low doses reduces the incidence of sepsis in the neonate. There was insufficient evidence to ascertain the risks of development of resistant organisms.
The review of trials found that the choice of dressing or topical agent can affect the healing of wounds healing by secondary intention. However, the trials were small and of poor quality. There was not enough evidence to be able to draw firm conclusions on the effects of the use of dressings or topical agents on wound healing. There were no trials on the effect of foam dressings. There is a need for more research in this area. The review also found that foam is better than gauze in terms of pain, patient satisfaction and nursing time.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials that included 1482 women. Four trials examined oral contraceptives (COCs), and three studied an intrauterine device (IUD). Two trials of progestin-only pills and two of the etonogestrel-releasing implant were included. Most trials did not report differences between the study arms in breastfeeding duration, breast milk composition, or infant growth. For breast milk volume, two older studies showed lower volume for the COC group. The other showed lower means (mL), e.g. at 16 weeks and at 24 weeks. One trial did not quantify results. Two of eight trials indicated a negative effect on lactation. A COC study showed a lower percentage of the LNG-IUS group breastfeeding at 75 days, but no difference at one year. Two other trials showed no significant difference. Of four trials that looked at infant growth, three indicated no difference between groups. One showed greater weight gain in the eonogestre implant group versus no method but less in the depot medroxyprogesterone acetate group. Seven trials studied infant growth; one showed greater growth gain (grams) for the implant group compared to no method for six weeks, but less compared with depot medicine (DMPA) from six to 12 weeks. The others studied POPs, COCs versus POPs or an IUD. Results were not consistent across the 11 trials. The evidence was limited for any particular hormonal method. The quality of evidence was moderate overall and low for three of four placebo-controlled trials of COC or POPs. The sensitivity analysis included six trials with moderate quality evidence and sufficient outcome data.
This review of 10 studies found that red-light cameras are effective in reducing total crashes. However, the evidence is less conclusive on total collisions, specific types of collision and red light violations. Most of the studies did not adjust for RTM or spillover, affecting their accuracy. Larger and better controlled studies are needed.
The review authors identified four trials involving 494 participants. Three studies involving 383 participants provided data on the proportion of participants who had achieved a therapeutic INR of 2.0 to 3.0 on the fifth day of therapy. One study showed that a 10-mg warfarin nomogram was more effective than a 5-mg loading dose for achieving an INR in outpatients. The other three studies, consisting of both inpatients and outpatient patients, did not show a difference in the number of participants with INR. In patients with acute blood clots (DVT or PE) aged 18 years or older, there is uncertainty surrounding the use of a 10 mg or a 5 mg pre-treatment dose of warfarins to achieve a therapeutic InR of 1.5 to 2.5 on the first day of treatment. No difference was observed in minor bleeding at 14 to 90 days or in length of hospital stay. The overall quality of the evidence was moderate for INR by day five and very low for minor bleeding and length of stay in hospital. The quality of evidence was downgraded because of differences in the types of study participants and the length of follow-up of the included studies.
We included seven trials with a total of 555 participants. Three trials compared enhanced care in the inpatient setting with conventional care. Two trials compared an enhanced care model (providing enhanced care at home and in the hospital) versus conventional care led by the orthopaedic team. None of the trials included people with dementia, so all the data included in the review were from subgroups of people who had either dementia or cognitive impairment. The end of follow-up in the trials was from the point of acute hospital discharge to 24 months after discharge. We considered all the trials to be at high risk of bias, which means that we cannot be certain that their results will be reliable. The certainty of the evidence was low or very low for most of the outcomes. We found that some of the models of enhanced rehabilitation and care used in the included trials may reduce the risk of delirium after hip fracture. However, we found that the certainty of these results is low. We also found that, compared to conventional care, geriatrician-led care may lead to shorter length of stay in hospital. There were no data from any study for our main outcome of quality of life. We were not able to draw any conclusions with confidence for this outcome. There was low-certainty that enhanced care and rehabilitation in-hospital may reduce rates of postoperative delirulation, and there was low certainty that it may reduce some other complications. The overall certainty of evidence was very low. The effect estimates for almost all of the comparisons were very imprecise, so we were unable to determine the best way to provide enhanced care for older people with hip fractures. There is a need for more research in this area. Determining the best models of care for this growing population of patients should be a research priority.
We found seven studies with a total of 840 participants. Participants, interventions and outcomes were diverse. No significant differences were reported in health outcomes. Three studies reported a reduction in parental anxiety and improvement in child behaviours. Also, better parental coping and family function was reported. By contrast, in one study each there was no difference in burden of care or functional status of children. Home care costs were reported to be more costly for service providers. However, home-based nursing services appear to be cost-effective for the family. The preliminary results show no adverse impact on physical health outcomes, and a number of papers reported improved satisfaction with care. Further trials are required, measuring health, satisfaction, service utilisation, costs and long-term costs.
The evidence is current to September 2016. We included 40 studies with 7524 participants from 40 randomised controlled trials (RCTs). We found data relevant to two comparisons: ICM compared with standard care, and ICM versus non-ICM. The majority of studies had a high risk of selective reporting. No studies provided data for relapse or important improvement in mental state. We found that ICM is effective in ameliorating many outcomes relevant to people with severe mental illness. ICM may reduce the number of days spent in hospital and increase retention in care. It also improves social functioning, although ICM's effect on mental state and quality of life remains valuable. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for the following outcomes: 1. The effect of ICM on adverse events (death by suicide); 2. The impact of the ICM model on social functioning; and 3. the effect of the model on unemployment. The evidence was of moderate to very low quality for the outcomes adverse events and social functioning. Based on very low- to moderate-quality evidence, ICM probably makes little or no difference in reducing the average number or the average length of stay in hospital per month or in the average admissions to hospital. Similarly, the results showed that the number leaving the intervention early and that the effect on social function was uncertain. The overall quality of evidence was very low.
This review looked at the effects of box model training compared with no training. The review included 16 trials with a total of 464 participants. All but one trial were at high risk of bias (that is, there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way the study was carried out). All the 16 trials used video trainers. There were no trials comparing box models with animal models (e.g. cadaveric models) or with other types of training. Overall, 16 trials (464 participants) provided data for analysis. The results of this review showed that when box models were used, the time taken to complete the task was shorter in the box trainer group (8 trials; 249 participants). There was also a lower error score (3 trials; 69 participants). Three trials (73 participants) reported that the trainee had better error score, better accuracy score, and better composite performance score (a measure of how well a trainee is able to perform the task) when he or she completed the task. Three trials reported movement distance but could not be analysed as they were not in a format for the analysis. One trial (36 participants) found that trainees who had a simple cardboard box trainer had shorter time to complete their task compared with the standard pelvic trainer. There was no significant difference in the length of time it took for trainees to do the task (one trial; 36 participants). None of the other comparisons were adequately reported. None of these trials reported on death or morbidity. The trials did not report on other important outcomes, such as death and illness. The quality of the trials was very low. There appears to be no clear differences in the improvement of the technical skills between the methods of box models. There is a need for more well-designed trials to be conducted to assess the impact of this training. Such trials should assess the long-term effects of the training on both the short and the long term, as well as
This review of trials found no evidence to support the use of peroral glucocorticosteroids for the treatment of cholangitis. The use of steroids in the nasobiliary tube seems to cause severe adverse effects. There is a need for further randomised clinical trials in this area.
This review of 11 trials found that early feeding may be associated with a trend towards better outcomes for survival and disability. This review also found that parenteral feeding (where nutrition is given through a vein) may be more effective than enteral nutrition. However, more trials are needed to confirm these findings.
We included 57 studies which randomised a total of 34,390 participants. Forty one studies (42 comparisons, 19,241 participants) provided data for the primary meta-analysis, which demonstrated that people using a digital intervention drank approximately 23 g alcohol weekly (about 3 UK units) less than people who received no or minimal interventions. In 15 studies (16 comparisons, 10,862 people) people who engaged with the digital intervention had less than one drinking day per month less than those who did not receive the intervention. Fifteen studies (3587 people) showed that people in the intervention group drank one binge drinking session less per month more than those in the control group. There was no difference in the amount of alcohol people drank at end of follow up. Five studies (390 people) compared digital and face-to-face interventions. There were no differences between the two groups in terms of alcohol consumption. The BCTs suggested that there may be little or no effect on alcohol consumption between people who participated in the digital and the control groups. In a multivariable model that included people who drank up to three (UK) standard drinks per week less, people who consumed less alcohol in the interventions were more likely to consume less alcohol. In the unadjusted model, people using the digital interventions were less likely to drink more than three standard drinks a week less than the people who were not using the interventions. No studies reported whether any adverse effects resulted from the interventions, and there was no evidence of an association between reporting of theory use and the effectiveness of interventions. The most frequently mentioned theories or models in the included studies were Motivational Interviewing Theory (7/20), Transtheoretical Model (6/20) and Social Norms Theory (6% of 20). Over half of the interventions (n = 21, 51%) made no mention of theory. Only two studies used theory to select participants or tailor the intervention to the participant's preferences.
We included 24 studies in the review with a total of 4233 participants, of which 2124 were randomised to benzodiazepines and 1475 to placebo. The remaining 634 participants were randomly assigned to other treatments in three-arm trials. We assessed all studies as at unclear risk of bias in at least three domains. In addition, we judged 20 of the 24 studies as having a high-risk of bias (risk of arriving at wrong conclusions because of the way the studies were carried out). We found that people who had panic attacks were less likely to drop out of the studies due to side effects when they were treated with benzoids compared to people who were given placebo. However, the dropout rate was higher in people who took benzoids than in those who took placebo. We also found that more people taking benzoids had at least one side effect when compared to those taking placebo. Due to the limited number of studies, the quality of the evidence was low. The included studies were short-term and did not examine the long-term effects of treatment nor the risks of people becoming dependent or withdrawing from the study. The results of the review provide only limited guidance for clinical practice. Furthermore, the choice of treatment should be guided by the patient's preference.
We found 13 small trials (1520 participants randomised) and three ongoing trials. All studies had at least one domain with unclear risk of bias, and some studies were at high risk of systematic error (i.e. bias). There was also considerable heterogeneity between studies, which meant that it was not possible to combine studies for cardiovascular risk. There was some suggestion that tai chi may reduce blood pressure, but the results were not consistent across all studies. We found that there was no clear evidence of a difference in blood pressure between groups. Quality of life was measured in one trial. None of the included trials reported on adverse events, costs or occurrence of diabetes. There were no deaths from any cause, all-cause deaths or non-fatal events as most of the studies were short term (all studies had one year follow-up). We found no long-term trials examining tai Chi for the prevention of CVD. Due to the limited evidence available, we cannot draw any conclusions as to the effects of tai-chi on CVD risk factors.
We searched for studies that compared family-based programmes to no intervention or usual care, or school-based interventions. Twenty-seven RCTs were included. Two interventions were tested by two studies, one was tested by three studies, and the remaining 20 distinct programmes were tested only by one. We were unable to extract data from all of the studies in a format that could be pooled. The interventions were very varied in their components, the other risk behaviours targeted alongside tobacco, the age of children at the start of the study and the length of follow-up. Most studies had at least one risk of bias. The quality of evidence was downgraded to moderate. There was moderate evidence to suggest that family programmes can have a positive impact on preventing smoking when compared to a control group that received no intervention. Nine studies (4810 participants) could be combined, but eight studies (5000 participants) were not because of insufficient data. The results of these eight studies could not be pooled because there was not enough data. Most of these studies used intensive programmes. We could not combine the results from all studies because we could not include all the data from the same studies. We found that there were more studies of high intensity programmes, in which children and adolescents were offered a range of different types of interventions, than there were for other compairsons. The evidence is strongest for programmes that address family functioning. Based on this moderate quality evidence, we would expect that a family programme might reduce the number of children who start to smoke, but these findings should be interpreted cautiously because we did not have enough data to be certain. We also found that some studies did not find any evidence of an effect of the programmes on smoking. We judged the quality of the evidence to be moderate.
We included three studies with a total of 451 participants in this review. Two studies compared dexamethasone to placebo, and the third study compared a number of additional treatments, including metoclopramide (a drug used to treat nausea), chlorpromazine (an anti-cancer drug), tropisetron (a medicine used for the treatment of nausea), and dexamETHASone (a steroid). The studies lasted from seven to 14 days. We found no studies that assessed the effects of corticosteroids for nausea and vomiting in people with cancer. We included two studies (127 participants) with data at eight days (eight days) in the meta-analysis, but no data were available for the third. Corticosteroid therapy was associated with less nausea (measured on a scale of 0 to 10, with a lower score on the scale indicating less nausea) than placebo, but this result was not significant. The frequency of adverse events was similar between groups. The studies were well-designed, and well-tolerated. We rated the quality of the evidence from these studies as very low. This means that the true effect may be quite different from what we found. The quality of this evidence was downgraded by three levels, from high to very low, due to imprecision (small sample size), likely bias (random errors), and small number of participants in the studies.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of high-risk children with HIV infection, cystic fibrosis, cancer, heart disease and low birth weight neonates. Three studies included children (n = 1345) and four (N = 429) of the above mentioned groups. The studies lasted from seven days to three years. The quality of the evidence was moderate. In HIV-infected children, there was no evidence of an increase in the frequency of adverse events. There was no significant difference in the incidence of pulmonary tuberculosis. In children (1345) with HIV/AIDS, there were no significant differences in the number of children with pneumonia. However, in children with heart disease, a significant decrease in the rate of pneumonia was found. In one study (40 children) there was an increased risk of the emergence of pathogenic strains of Pseudomonas infections with the use of antibiotics. In the one study of sickle cell disease, more children with pneumococcal septicaemia (low white blood cell counts) were treated with antibiotics. The effect of antibiotics on growth was unclear. In two studies, the frequency and duration of certain LRTIs were reduced. The one study that used co-trimoxazole did not show a reduction in the risk of death. There were no differences between the groups in the rates of serious side effects. There is insufficient evidence to determine if there is a benefit of antibiotic prophylaxis for children with cancer or heart disease. The evidence is up to date as of September 2014.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs), randomising 519 participants. Three trials randomised participants to nitrous oxide (100 people) or carbon dioxide (96 people). None of the trials was of high quality. There was not enough evidence to determine the effects of nitrous and carbon dioxide on cardiopulmonary complications (two studies; 140 people), surgical complications (three studies; 128 people), or surgical morbidity (two trials; 143 people). We could not combine data from two trials (140 people) which individually showed lower pain scores (a difference of about one visual analogue score (a scale of 1 to 10 with lower pain) on the first night postoperative day, and this was rated asvery low quality evidence. We did not find any serious adverse events or serious side effects of the gases. One trial (70 people) compared room air with carbon dioxide. The trial did not state the number of people in each group. There were no serious or minor side effects related to room air. The quality of the current evidence is very low. The evidence from one trial (one trial with small number of participants) suggests that room air may decrease the costs of hospital stay and pain during the first day after laparoscopic abdominal surgery. The safety of room air, helium, and room air pneumoperitoneum has yet to be established. Further trials on this topic are needed, and should compare various gases (i.e. nitrous gas, helium gas, argon gas, nitrogen gas, or room air) with standard pressure airway (pressure) for people with a high anaesthetic risk. Future trials should include outcomes such as complications, serious complications, quality of life, and pain.
This review identified 14 studies investigating dexamethasone. Eight studies enrolled 303 preterm infants. Five studies compared a high versus a moderate dose, three studies compared high versus low dose, and five compared a moderate versus a low dose. Analysis of the studies investigating the dose of corticosteroids given to the infants showed an increased risk of BPD when using a high dose. There was no difference between a moderate and a low-dosage regimen. Four other studies enrolling 762 infants compared early initiation of dexamithasone therapy with a moderately early or a delayed initiation. The two RCTs investigating a continuous versus a pulse dose showed a higher risk of the combined outcome death or BPD. Finally, two trials investigating a standard versus an individualized course of treatment with a single course of dexams showed no difference in the primary outcome and long-term brain development outcomes. The quality of the evidence was assessed as low or very low, because of small sample sizes of randomized infants, differences in study design, non-protocolized use of so-called ‘rescue’ (rescue) or ‘dummy’ treatment, and a lack of long-lasting neurodevelopmental data.
This review of trials found that there was little evidence of benefit from the use of steroids in patients with acute rheumatic fever. However, the trials were old and the risk of bias was substantial, so results should be viewed with caution. New trials are needed to assess the effects of steroids such as prednisone and methylprednisolone. Advances in echocardiography will allow more objective and precise assessments of heart outcomes.
We included six studies with a total of 12,294 participants from 79 communities. Two studies found that insecticide spray reduced trachoma by at least 55% to 61%. However, another study did not find this to be effective. One study found that another fly control measure, the provision of latrine provision, was effective. However, this was, however, not found to be as effective as the other two studies. Another study showed that health education had shown that it reduced the number of trachomas. These findings were not confirmed by a second study, however. A third study, which found that a modest health education programme with modest water supply did not reduce trachomas. Generally, all the studies have some methodological concerns. There is some evidence from two trials that insecticides are effective in reducing trachum, however this effect was not demonstrated in another trial that used insecticides. Two trials on latrine provides as a fly control have not demonstrated significant trchoma reduction. Generally there is a dearth of data to determine the effectiveness of all aspects of environmental sanitation in the control of the condition.
This review of 15 randomised controlled trials (1043 participants) found that CBT is effective in reducing the symptoms of fatigue at post-treatment compared with usual care, and may be more effective than other psychological therapies in reducing fatigue symptoms. However, the evidence base at follow-up is limited to a small number of studies with inconsistent findings. There is a lack of evidence on the comparative effectiveness of CBT alone or in combination with other treatments, and further studies are required to inform the development of effective treatment programmes for people with CFS.
We found one randomised controlled trial (involving 46 people with sickle cell disease) which compared oral vitamin D3 (cholecalciferol) (n = 20) with placebo (19) for six weeks. Of the 46 people in the study, seven people withdrew before the start of the study leaving 39 people who did not complete the study. Only 25 people completed the full six months of follow up. Two people from the vitamin D group have missing values of serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D, so the number of people analysed was 37. Vitamin D was given for eight weeks and placebo for six months. Compared to the placebo group, vitamin D levels were higher at eight weeks, 16 weeks and 24 weeks. There was no significant difference of adverse events (e.g. tingling of lips or hands), but this was not significant. The quality of the evidence was low. The study did not report on the frequency of pain, but again, this was low quality evidence. Furthermore, the review did not find any difference between the groups in terms of physical functioning PedsQL score, which is a measure of a child’s ability to do everyday activities. People taking vitamin D had a lower (worse) quality of life score than those taking a placebo, but the difference was small. We judged the quality of evidence to be low. We included only one low-quality clinical study, which had a high risk of bias. Therefore, we consider that the evidence is not enough to guide clinical practice. We recommend that further research is carried out to assess the effects and safety of vitamin D in sickle cells. This research should be of high quality. Until further good quality evidence is available, clinicians should consider the relevant existing guidelines for vitamin D supplementation, such as the USA Institute of Medicine guidelines for calcium and vitamin D intake.
This review includes only one study with 26 children aged 4 to 12 years, with mild to moderate CAS of unknown cause, and compared two treatments: the Nuffield Dyspraxia Programme-3 (NDP-3) and ReST (RST). Children were allocated to one of the two treatments. Treatments were given in one-hour sessions, four days a week for three weeks. Speech pathology students delivered the treatments in the English language. The study did not assess the effects of the treatments on functional development. We judged all core outcome domains to be low risk of bias. A number of cases in each cohort had restarted treatment by their speech and language pathologist by one month and four months post-treatment. The quality of the evidence was moderate due to the small number of children in the study, and the fact that only one RCT was identified. We are unable to say whether the NDP-3 or ReST is better than no treatment. We were not able to compare the results of the studies due to imprecision. There was limited evidence that both treatments may improve word accuracy and speech production consistency. ReST was found to be more accurate and consistent with the other two treatments, but did not improve the accuracy of speech production. We did not find any evidence that either treatment was better than the other. No formal analyses were conducted by the authors of the original study, so we cannot say which treatment is better. Further RCTs replicating this study would strengthen the findings. Similarly, further trials of other treatments are needed.
We found four studies that randomised a total of 268 participants. One study in Brazil in both adults and children compared trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole to no treatment. The other three studies in the US and UK compared antibiotics to placebo. In all four studies antibiotic treatment was given orally. We judged these studies to be at a low or unclear risk of bias. The last study, conducted in Brazil, in adults with active retinochoroids, reported the effect of treatment on vision. There was low-quality evidence that people treated with antibiotics at one year had a similar change in vision to people who were treated with placebo. There were no differences in the risk of developing a new eye infection. In the UK and US studies, people treated for four weeks with pyrimethamine had a lower risk of intraocular inflammation. However, in the UK study, intraocular swelling had almost completely resolved by eight weeks in all participants. In Brazil, all participants had healed lesions. In this study all participants received steroid treatment. Two studies (UK and US) reported an increased risk of adverse events in people treated. These were a fall in haemoglobin, leucocyte, and platelet count, a drop in red blood cells, nausea, loss of appetite, rash, and joint pain. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. This means that the true effect may be substantially different from what we found.
We included 43 trials with a total of 3749 participants. Twenty-two trials (3749 participants) compared the Gamma nail with the sliding hip screw (SHS). The Gamma nail was associated with increased risk of operative and later fracture of the leg and increased reoperations. The SHS had a lower complication rate. Three trials (394 participants) showed no difference in fracture fixation, reoperation, wound infection, wound closure and length of hospital stay for the PS nail. None of the 10 trials (1491 participants) of other nail versus extramedullary hip screw comparisons for trochanteric fractures provided enough evidence to show definite differences between the implants. Two trials (65 participants) found that nails with a fixed angle plate may have fewer fracture fixation complications than fixed nail plates for unstable bone fractures. There was no evidence to suggest that the SHS was superior for these fractures. Further studies are needed to confirm whether more recently developed designs of nail avoid the complications of the previous nails.
We found only one study that met our inclusion criteria and was included in the review. It analysed data for 47 women who had either palliative surgery (n = 27) or surgical management with the drug, Octreotide, which is used to treat bowel obstruction. Women with poor health status were excluded from surgery. We found that women who received surgery were significantly better than women who were treated with medical management. However, the magnitude of this effect was not reported. Quality of life (QoL) was also not reported and side effects of the treatment were not adequately documented. The quality of the evidence was low. Therefore, we were unable to reach definite conclusions about the benefits and harms of the two forms of treatment, or to identify sub-groups of women who would benefit from one treatment or the other.
Four randomised controlled trials were identified. They comprised a total of 244 women with PCOS receiving 12 weeks or 6 weeks of treatment. Two trials studied the effects of simvastatin and two trials (60 women) studied the effect of atorvastatine. There was no good evidence that statins improved menstrual regularity, ovulation rate, hirsutism or acne. Nor were there any significant effects on weight gain or loss. Statins were effective in improving lipid profiles and testosterone (a hormone) levels, but there was no evidence that they improved the chances of resumption of normal menstrual cycles, nor was there any evidence of an improvement in acne. There were no serious side effects. There is a need for more research to be done with large sample sizes and well-designed RCTs to assess the benefits and harms of statins for PCOS. This plain language summary was adapted by the review authors from a summary originally written by Ben Gray, Senior Peer Researcher, McPin Foundation (http://mcpin.org/).
This review aimed to assess the benefits and risks of palliative treatments for vaginal bleeding in women with cancer. We found no randomised controlled trials to support or refute the use of any of these treatments compared with radiotherapy. We identified no new studies since the last version of this review, so we have not found any new studies for this update. The search strategy identified 1522 articles, of which we excluded 1330 on the basis of title and abstract. We retrieved the other 22 articles in full, but none of them satisfied the inclusion criteria. The review identified the need for a randomised trial assessing the risks and benefits of treatments for the control of vaginal bleeding. The choice of treatment will be based on the local resources.
The review of trials found that, in patients with glioblastoma multiforme, temozolomide when given in both concomitant and adjuvant phases is an effective primary therapy in GBM. It prolongs survival and delays progression without impact on quality of life. However, it does increase early side effects. In patients with HGG, it appears to be comparable to radiotherapy in terms of OS and PFS, but with more side effects in the elderly.
We found two studies that investigated the effectiveness of contracting-in, a private contract with non-governmental (NGO) health care providers for district health systems management. The findings of one study, conducted in Cambodia, provide low quality evidence that private contracts with local nongovernmental (non-profit) health services may improve health care access and utilization. The study found that contracting-in led to a 28% increase in the use of antenatal care and a 14% decrease in the number of people who used public facilities. In the other study, which was conducted in three countries in Latin America, the training of district health system (health care) managers in training courses over 18 months may improve their performance. However, the study did not find that the training had an effect on health care use. No studies that aimed to investigate interventions to keep health system health managers in place (e.g., job training, in-service workshops with on-site support) were found. More evidence is needed before firm conclusions can be drawn regarding the effects of these interventions in diverse settings.
We included three studies that involved 123 people. The methods used for blinding the participants and researchers to the treatment group were not reported, but as the comparison is surgical treatment with medical treatment, it is hard to avoid this bias. There was no clear evidence of a difference in deaths between treatment groups. Out of the 123 people randomized and treated, six people died. The causes of death included pneumonia, pulmonary embolism, and septic shock. Among people who received surgery, there was some evidence that surgical treatment was better than nonsurgical treatment in reducing pneumonia, chest deformity, tracheostomy, duration of mechanical ventilation, and length of ICU stay. The length of stay in the ICU was measured in the three studies. There were also differences in the results of the studies. Due to differences in reporting, we could not combine the results and have listed them separately. In one study, chest pain, chest tightness, bodily pain, and adverse effects were each measured. There is some evidence from three small studies that suggests surgical treatment may be better than medical treatment. Further well-designed studies are needed to confirm these results, and to detect possible effects on mortality.
Cerivastatin is a drug that lowers cholesterol by lowering blood lipids. We found 50 randomised controlled trials (19 RCTs and 31 before-and-after) that evaluated the effect of the drug on LDL cholesterol. The trials were of short duration (three to 12 weeks) and involved 12,877 participants. The people in the trials were men and women of any age with and without cardiovascular disease. The drugs were given at doses ranging from 0.025 mg to 0.8 mg/day. The studies were of good quality, but there was a high risk of bias for the outcome of LDL cholesterol, but a low risk for the lipid measurements. When compared to fluvastatin (a drug that has been shown to lower cholesterol) and atorvastat (an anticoagulant), we found that, compared to all other drugs, cerivastat was about 250-fold less potent at reducing cholesterol, 20-fold more potent than fluvastsatin, 5.5-fold stronger than rosuvastatan, and 233-fold greater than atorvanastatin. We also found that when we looked at the dose range of 2.5 mg to 80 mg, we found strong evidence that the drug lowered cholesterol by 11.0% to 40.8%. We found no evidence of a difference in the effect on HDL cholesterol. We did not have enough data to be able to assess harms of the drugs. We judged the certainty of the evidence to be high.
We included 28 studies which randomised a total of 6851 patients. Most studies compared remote ischaemic preconditioning by clamping with no clamping. The evidence is current to May 2015. We found that remote ischemic preconditionsing by cuff inflation did not reduce the risk of kidney injury in patients undergoing major heart and vascular surgery. It probably leads to little or no difference in serum creatinine, adverse effects, need for dialysis, length of hospital stay, death and in the incidence of acute kidney injury. Serious adverse events occurred in four patients receiving remote ischic preconditional precondititioning. It is uncertain whether remote ischinic precontitioning leads to increased adverse effects compared to control because the certainty of the evidence is low. The available data does not confirm the efficacy of remote ischnic preconitioning in reducing renal ischaemia reperfusion injury in the major heart or vascular surgery in which this may occur. Overall we had moderate-high certainty evidence for most outcomes. The quality of evidence was moderate for adverse effects and high for adverse events. The main limitations of this review were the small numbers of studies and small sample sizes. The overall certainty of evidence ranged from high to moderate for the outcomes of interest, depending on the type of study.
We included 12 trials with 703 participants in this review. Eight trials primarily investigated the efficacy in treating PSF, of which six trials (with a total of 244 participants) provided data suitable for analysis. There were five pharmacological treatments: fluoxetine, enerion, (-)-OSU6162, citicoline and a Chinese herbs; and two non-drug treatments: a fatigue education programme and a stress reduction programme. There was insufficient evidence on the efficacy of any of these interventions to treat or prevent PSF. Four trials (248 participants) did not investigate the efficacy on PSF but other symptoms. None of these showed any benefit on reducing PSF in people with stroke. The trials to date have been small and have had a high risk of bias. Some of the interventions described were feasible in people who had stroke, but their efficacy should be investigated in RCTs with a more robust study design and adequate sample sizes.
We identified three randomised controlled trials, enrolling 74 preterm infants. The trials were very small with a total of 74 infants enrolled. The intervention and the outcome assessments could not be blinded to the clinical staff in two of the trials. One study (Hu 1999) found that the combination of insulin and glucose, compared to cation-exchange resin, reduced all cause mortality. In the other two trials (Malone 1991, Singh 2002) there was no difference in death rates between the two groups. One trial (Hu 1991) showed that albuterol inhalation was better than saline inhalation. No serious side effects were noted with either type of treatment. In one of the three trials, there was a reduction in bleeding in the brain with the use of the insulin combination. The other two interventions (diuretics, transfusion, peritoneal dialysis, and calcium) have not been tested yet. No firm conclusions can be made from these studies. The quality of the evidence was very low. More research is needed to determine which is the best treatment for hyperkalaemia.
This review found that IVIg started within two weeks from onset hastens recovery as much as PE. In children with severe disease, there is moderate quality evidence that, in mild disease, IVIG starts sooner than PE. However, there are no trials in adults, and it is not possible to draw firm conclusions in this regard. There is also low quality evidence from three trials with 75 children, which suggests that, compared with supportive care (where care is provided in the same way as usual, but with a lower dose), IVIIg hastens the recovery compared with PE. There was no difference in the number of adverse events between the two treatments. One trial with a total of 51 children showed no difference when the standard dose was given over two days. There were also no trials with more than two weeks of treatment in children. More research is needed in children and adults with mild disease. Dose-ranging studies are also needed. One is in progress and one is still ongoing. The evidence in this review is up-to-date as of September 2013.
We included 28 randomized clinical trials with a total of 9330 participants. In 21 trials, 7597 participants were randomly assigned to a high fraction of inspired oxygen (60% or higher) or a routine fraction of oxygen (30% or lower) during anaesthesia and surgery. In trials with an overall low risk of bias, a high percentage of inspired air was not associated with death from any cause within the longest follow-up and within 30 days of treatment. Similarly, when all trials were included in the analysis, there was no difference in the risk of death due to any cause between the two groups. In a trial sequential analysis, the required information size was not reached and the analysis could not refute a 20% increase in mortality. In subgroup analyses of nine trials using preoperative antibiotics before surgery, high percentage inspired oxygen was associated with a decrease in surgical site infections. In five trials adequately blinded for the outcome assessment, a similar effect was noted. We did not observe an effect of a high percent inspired oxygen on surgical site infection in any other subgroup analysis. The overall quality of the evidence was low or very low for all outcomes. This means that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect and may change the estimate.
We found 25 randomised controlled trials (involving 3258 children up to 16 years of age) covering a range of antibiotics, participants, outcome measures and time points for evaluation. Twenty-five trials (3663 children) were eligible for inclusion in this review. Two trials did not report on any of the outcomes of interest, leaving 23 trials (3258 children) covering different types of antibiotics and participants, time points and duration of treatment for the review. We found moderate quality evidence (six trials including 484 children) that children treated with oral antibiotics are more likely to have complete resolution of OME at two to three months post-randomisation (primary outcome) than those allocated to the control treatment. However, there is evidence (albeit of low quality; five trials, 742 children) indicating that these children are more than twice as likely to experience diarrhoea, vomiting or skin rash. In terms of other secondary outcomes, only two trials (849 children) reported on hearing levels at two weeks and found conflicting results. None of the trials reported data on speech, language and cognitive development or quality of life. Low quality evidence did not show that oral antibiotics were associated with a decrease in the rate of ventilation tube insertion (two trials, 121 children) or in tympanic membrane sequelae (one trial, 103 children). However, it should be noted that the beneficial effect of oral antibiotics on acute otitis media episodes within four to eight weeks was no longer significant when we excluded studies with high risk of bias. This review presents evidence of both benefits and harms associated with the use of antibiotics to treat children with OME. The impact of antibiotics on short-term hearing is uncertain and low quality evidence does not show fewer ventilation tube insertions (low quality evidence). Furthermore, we found no data on the impact of antibiotic use on other important outcomes (speech, language, cognitive development, and cognitive function) such as hearing, speech and language and quality of
The review of trials found that a low protein diet may slow the progression to kidney failure in people with type 1 and type 2 diabetes. However, it is not clear whether this is a significant effect. We found no data on the effects of LPDs on quality of life and costs. The review also found that LPD may slightly slow the rate of kidney failure, but not statistically significantly so. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found 19 studies involving 3480 people. Twelve studies were of good methodological quality, and seven were of lower quality, according to the van Tulder scoring system. Within the subgroup of people with relatively mild brain injury, we found that most people made a good recovery when they were given appropriate information and advice, without the need for specific interventions. For people with moderate to severe injury, there was strong evidence that people who were already in rehabilitation were more likely to recover from their injuries, and there was evidence that those who were still in hospital had earlier functional gains. There was also strong evidence to support the use of group-based rehabilitation, in which people with severe brain injury are treated in a therapeutic milieu in which they are part of a group of people who share their challenges with each other. There is limited evidence to show that commencing rehabilitation early after injury can lead to better outcomes. More intensive programmes are associated with earlier gains, and that continued outpatient therapy could help to sustain gains made in early post-acute rehabilitation. The use of a milieu-oriented model of rehabilitation (where people are provided with support and guidance by a peer group) is an effective way to provide rehabilitation for people with brain injury. The balance between the intensity and cost-effectiveness of these treatments has yet to be determined. Not all questions can be answered by trials. For example, we cannot tell us which treatments work best for which people over the long term, and which models of care represent value for money. In the future, we will need to combine the results of trials with the practice-based evidence gathered from large studies conducted in the context of routine clinical practice.
We included one randomised controlled trial (involving 176 women) in this review. This trial compared rooming-in versus separate care. The trial compared four groups of women with a factorial design (i.e. we combined the results from three of the groups as the intervention (rooming-in) group and the fourth group acted as the control group). The trial analysed the results as a single pair-wise (where one of the two or more groups is compared to the other) group. We found no difference found between the two groups in duration of any breastfeeding. The authors reported that the average duration of breastfeeding was four months. There was no difference in length of breastfeeding at six months of age. The mean frequency of breastfeeds per day was 8.3 (standard deviation (SD) 2.2) on day four postpartum for the roomed-in group, slightly higher than the separate care group. However, the authors did not report the number of infants that were exclusively breastfed on the day before discharge from hospital. The rate of exclusive breastfeeding on the first day after birth was 86% (SD 1.92; 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.34 to 2.76; one trial, 153 women; low-quality evidence). None of our other pre-specified secondary outcomes were reported. The quality of the evidence was low because of the small number of women in the trial and because the distribution of the results was found to be skewed. Further well-designed RCTs are needed to investigate full mother-infant rooming in versus partial mother-in or separate care including all important outcomes.
We found eight trials involving 660 participants. Seven of the eight studies were of poor quality. Follow-up time was less than one month in six trials. Only two trials provided data for the number of participants who died or were dependent on others at the end of 28 days of treatment. The total case fatality rate was lower than 1% in the sanchi group. Pooled analysis of seven trials indicated that sanchic drugs might improve neurological deficit more than control. Data were limited in respect to the risk of stroke recurrence (recurrence of stroke) and quality of life. There were few adverse events. The small sample and poor quality of the studies prevented a definite conclusion.
This review aimed to assess the benefits and harms of different timing methods for implant placement. Four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) were identified. Two RCTs compared immediate versus delayed implant placement in 126 patients. One RCT compared immediate-delayed versus delayed implants. There was no difference between the two groups of patients in terms of the time taken for the implant to complete its placement. After 2 years patients who had their implant placed in the socket were more satisfied and their teeth were filled in more quickly. However, there were more complications 5 years after the implant was placed in place. One trial compared immediate with immediate delayed implants in 16 patients. There were no differences. Three trials evaluated the use of bone grafts for implants immediately placed in an extraction socket. No difference was found in the amount of bone that was needed to add to the implant (1 trial). There was not enough evidence to show whether any of the methods were superior to the others. There is not enough reliable evidence to determine the best timing of implant placement or the best way of adding bone to implants. The conclusions of this review are based on few small trials often judged to be at high risk of bias.
We found two randomised controlled trials of clioquinol (PBT1) in 36 patients with mild Alzheimer's dementia. One trial compared PBT1 with placebo in 36 participants. The second trial compared a newer drug, PBT2, in 78 participants. There was no significant difference in cognition (as measured on the ADAS-Cog scale) between the two groups at 36 weeks. However, there was some evidence that after 12 weeks this drug appeared to be safe and well tolerated. We have some concerns about the design of the second trial. The planned phase III trial has been abandoned.
We included 36 studies with 2999 participants. Trials were conducted for 14 weeks on average, with some as long as 12 months. Nineteen trials included children. PDE5 inhibitors appear to have clear beneficial effects in group 1 PAH. There was an increased risk of adverse events, especially headache, gastrointestinal upset, flushing, muscle pain, and joint pain, in those PAH treated with these drugs. In those with PH-LHD, there was no evidence of a difference in the number of deaths. There were limited data on the effects of these drugs on lung function. The quality of the evidence was low due to imprecision (differences in effect) across trials.
We included 22 randomised controlled trials involving a total of 2193 participants in this review. The evidence is current to September 2014. The trials compared nerve stimulation with either single or double injection techniques for axillary plexus block surgery. We found evidence that nerve stimulation is more effective than either double or single injection techniques in reducing the failure of anaesthesia to work. However, there was insufficient evidence to draw any definitive conclusions regarding differences in other outcomes, including safety. The quality of the evidence was high for anaesthesia failure and incomplete motor block. Tourniquet pain was significantly reduced with multiple injections compared with double injections. Otherwise there were no statistically significant differences between groups in any of the three comparisons on secondary analgesia failure, complications and patient discomfort. The time for block performance was significantly shorter for single injection (MD 3.33 minutes) and double injections (MD 1.54 minutes), however there was no difference in time to readiness for surgery.
We found three studies that evaluated the effects of beclomethasone on growth. All three studies compared children with mild-moderate asthma to children with asthma who did not respond to treatment. In all three studies, growth was reduced by a mean of 1.54 cm per year. The average decrease, calculated through meta-analysis, was -1.55 cm per child. These studies lasted for 54 weeks, so it is unclear whether the decrease in growth is sustained or not. We are not able to comment on growth effects of other types of inhaled steroids that may be less toxic. We recommend that the minimum dose that is needed to control a child's asthma should be used, and that the child's growth be closely monitored.
This review found that APD has not been shown to be any better than CAPD in terms of important clinical outcomes. However, patients on APD may have more time for work, family and social activities. There is a need for a larger randomised controlled trial (RCT) comparing CAPD with APD with sufficiently large numbers of patients to clarify the relative clinical and economic benefits and costs of both modalities.
This review of 37 trials (9312 patients) found that CRT was superior to RT in terms of survival, progression-free survival, and progression/relapse. However, CRT did not seem to be superior to IF-RT. The superiority of CRT also applied to both early and advanced stages (mainly IIIA) separately. This effect, also seen in AL and ST separately, was due to CRT being the first-line treatment. SM risk was higher with CRT, but not significant for early stages alone. SM was better with RT, but there was a higher risk of SM after RT. In addition, there was an increased risk with RT alone. This was mainly due to the need for more salvage therapy. In contrast, EF-RT was better than CRT but not OS. No difference in SM was observed.
We found 26 studies with 27 treatment groups that enrolled a total of 4893 participants. Twenty five of the studies were case series or uncontrolled long-term trial continuations, and the other was an RCT comparing two opioids. Opioids were given orally (12 studies), transdermally (5 studies), or intrathecally (10 studies). We found that many patients stopped taking opioids due to side effects (oral: 22.9% [95% CI: 15.3% to 32.8%]; transdermal: 12.1% [ 95%CI: 4.9%) to 27.0%; intrathecal: 8.9%). The amount of pain relief varied among the studies. Findings regarding quality of life and function were inconclusive. Many minor side effects, like nausea and headache, occurred, but serious side effects were rare. Signs of opioid addiction (addiction) were reported in 0.27% of people in the studies that reported that. All three modes of administration were associated with reductions in pain, but the amount of relief was variable. We found no evidence that patients who are able to continue taking opioids long term are more likely to experience pain relief. We did not find any evidence about side effects of taking opioids. The quality of the evidence was weak.
We found only one trial with a total of 212 participants, all with spinal cord injury. The participants were mainly male (98.2%, 106/108) with a mean age of 58.4 (standard deviation 10.4) years in the oxandrolone group and 104/104 in the control group. The trial was stopped early when the futility analysis (interim analysis) in the opinion of the study authors (the 'interim' method of analysis) found no benefit over placebo (a fake drug) for ulcer healing. This trial did not report on pain, length of hospital stay, change in wound size, wound surface area or wound infection. We are uncertain whether anabolic steroids help to heal pressure ulcers. There was very low-certainty evidence on the relative effect of oxanrolone (20 mg/day) versus placebo (2% magnesium stearate) on the complete healing of ulcers and side effects. The evidence was of very low to low certainty. We assessed the certainty of the evidence to be very low. We were unable to assess the risk of side effects such as pain, wound size or wound surface. None of the five serious side effects reported in this trial were related to treatment. There is no evidence from this trial to support the use of anabolic drugs to treat pressure ulcer. There were too few participants to be able to draw any conclusions about the long-term effects of the anabolic treatment. Further well-designed trials, at low risk of bias, are necessary.
We found six randomised controlled trials involving 8372 people. Four trials compared email communication to standard mail and two compared it to usual care. There was no difference between the groups in terms of the uptake of preventive screening. Results were inconclusive for patient or caregiver behaviours and actions. For email versus usual care only, there was no clear difference in patient health status and well-being. There were no data on healthcare professionals or harms. We judged all trials to be at high risk of bias. The evidence on the use of email for the prevention of disease and health promotion was weak, and so inadequate to inform clinical practice. Future research needs to use high-quality study designs that take advantage of the most recent developments in technology.
The review includes 11 trials involving 855 participants. A total of nine trials used the addition of post-Epley postural restrictions as their method of treatment. There was no evidence of a difference in the results for vertigo intensity. Pooled data identified a statistically significant effect in the frequency of Dix-Hallpike test conversion. In the experimental group 88.7% (220 out of 248) patients versus 78.2% (219 out of 280) in the control group converted from a positive to a negative test. No adverse effects were reported. There were no serious adverse effects, however three studies reported mild complications such as neck stiffness, horizontal BPPV, dizziness, constipation and disequilibrium. There is not enough evidence to support the use of mastoid oscillation, or the routine application of more steps in the Epley manoeuvre. Neither treatment is associated with adverse outcomes. There are no reports of side effects. The addition of a postural restriction does not expose the majority of patients to risk of harm, does not pose a major inconvenience, and can be routinely discussed and advised.
This review included four studies with a total of 231 participants. The studies compared different types of surgery versus a number of different types and doses of steroids and antibiotics. There were three main comparisons. One study compared the use of an endoscope to look inside the nose to see the sinus to see if there was any inflammation. Two studies compared two types of endoscopic sinus surgery. One of these two studies compared an endoscopically-suspected sinus with a surgical procedure. The other study compared a polypectomy (surgery to remove part of the nose) with a non-surgical procedure. All four studies were conducted in the USA. There was no difference in the types of treatments and comparisons between the studies. Two of the studies did not report the outcomes of interest. In two of these studies, the authors failed to report how they were measuring the outcomes. The quality of this evidence is low or very low. The one positive finding from amongst these studies was that there were no differences between the treatments in terms of patient-reported symptom scores. However, this finding must be treated with caution, as it is uncertain whether it is relevant to patients. Complications were not reported in all studies, but there were high rates of up to 21% for medical treatment, and 14.3% for surgical treatment. Epistaxis was the most common complication with both types of treatment, with severe complications reported rarely. The evidence relating to the effectiveness of the different treatments is of very low quality. This means that we cannot be certain of the results. As the overall evidence is of low quality, we are not able to draw any firm conclusions. More research is needed.
We included eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 709 participants. Seven trials were from middle-income countries of Asia, Africa, Europe, and Latin America. The interventions lasted between one and nine months. Four trials compared zinc-fortified staple foods with unfortified foods, and four trials compared the effect of zinc plus other nutrients/factors with the same foods containing other nutrients or factors or without zinc. None of the trials reported on zinc deficiency. We found that foods fortified with zinc increased the levels of zinc in the serum or plasma when compared to foods without added zinc. The risk of underweight and stunting was similar. There was no difference in the proportion of people who were underweight or who were stunted when compared with people consuming foods with zinc. We did not find an effect of adding zinc to foods with other nutrients and/or with other micronutrients on zinc levels. There were no reported adverse effects of the use of zinc to fortify foods. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low or very low for most of the outcomes. The evidence is up to date as of May 2018.
We included 11 studies involving 3060 men with metastatic prostate cancer. The evidence is current to September 2015. The review found that use of non-steroidal antiandrogen monotherapy compared with medical or surgical castration monotherapy for advanced prostate cancer is less effective in terms of overall survival, clinical progression, treatment failure and treatment discontinuation due to side effects. The risk of side effects, such as breast pain, gynaecomastia and hot flashes, was increased when men with advanced but non-metastatic disease were treated with antiandrogens monotherapy. The quality of evidence was rated as moderate for overall survival and clinical progression. Evidence quality was downgraded because of risk of bias in the included studies.
We found eight eligible trials that included 600,000 women in the analyses. Three trials with adequate randomisation did not show a reduction in breast cancer deaths at 13 years. Four trials with suboptimal risk of bias showed a significant reduction. We found that there was no effect of screening on death from any cause or on all-cause mortality. We also found that breast cancer mortality was an unreliable outcome, mainly because of the way the trials were carried out. The trials did not find an effect on the number of women who died from breast cancer after 10 years. In addition, we found that more women had to have surgery for breast cancer in the screened groups than in the control groups. The use of radiotherapy was similar in both groups. If we assume that screening reduces the risk of death from all causes by 15%, we would have to assume that for every 2000 women invited to screening throughout 10 years, one will avoid dying, and 10 women, who would not have been diagnosed if there had not been screening, will be treated unnecessarily. More than 200 women will experience important psychological distress for years because of false positive findings. To help ensure that the women are fully informed before they decide whether or not to attend screening, we have written a leaflet for lay people that is available in several languages. The leaflet is available on www.cochrane.dk.
We included four studies, with a total of 522 women, in the review. Three studies investigated 10,000 units of hCG priming compared to no priming. One study investigated 20,000 unit hCG compared to 10.000 units hCG. Three of the studies only included women with PCOS (N = 122), while this was an exclusion criteria in the fourth study. One of these studies did not report outcomes per woman randomised, and so was not included in formal analysis. The quality of the evidence was low, the main limitations being lack of blinding and imprecision. We found no evidence of a difference in the live birth rates, miscarriage rates, or clinical pregnancy rates between women who received hCG and women who did not. However, our findings suggested that hCG may be associated with a reduction in clinical pregnancy rate, but the findings were limited by the small number of data included. No studies reported on adverse events (other than miscarriage) or drug reactions. We need further evidence from well-designed randomised controlled trials (RCTs) before we can come to definitive conclusions.
The review of trials found that both ERT and HRT do not prevent cognitive decline in older postmenopausal women when given as short-term (up to five years) or longer-term therapy. It is not known whether one type of ERT or HRT has specific effects in subgroups of women. There was evidence that combined hormone therapy (HRT and ERT with or without a progestagen) was associated with a decrement in a number of memory tests and a small improvement in a test of figural memory. There is not enough evidence to determine whether there are specific groups of women who could benefit from treatment. It remains to be determined whether factors such as age, type of menopause, and type of treatment (type of hormone therapy, dose, and mode of delivery) can have positive effects.
We included two studies with 880 participants. Both studies lasted 12 weeks. We identified one ongoing trial with planned recruitment of 80 participants. They were published as full articles, and neither study was at low risk of bias in all domains. We are uncertain whether once-daily ICS/LABA, combined in one inhaler, is better than LAMA for the treatment of COPD. The short follow-up period (12 weeks) and the very low quality of the evidence limit our confidence in the result. We found no evidence to support the use of a single inhaler for COPD treatment. More studies are needed.
We found four short-term studies (involving a total of 169 participants) that met our inclusion criteria. These studies evaluated the effects of two different drugs (fluoxetine and clomipramine) and two psychotherapies (bupropion and cephalic), as well as a range of other treatments (alone and in combination). The results from the small number of available RCTs suggest that SRIs and CBT may be useful in treating BDD. However, the findings of these studies need to be replicated. In addition, future studies in other populations, such as adolescents, are needed.
This review identified three trials that examined cotrimoxazole prophylaxis in HIV-infected adults. The trials were conducted in three different countries. In the three trials, the treatment was given either once a day or twice a day for six months. In all three studies, patients were given a course of treatment that was desensitized to the drug. The results of the three studies showed that when compared to a re-challenge of the drug, patients who had a previous course of mild or moderate side effects were less likely to stop their treatment. There were no severe side effects for either protocol. However, the trials were too small to be of benefit to children. More research is urgently needed. Further randomised controlled trials are also needed in children to assess the effects of treating-through, adjunctive medications, and different dosing schedules. This plain language summary is up-to-date as of April 2014.
We included in the review three trials enrolling 148 neonates. We identified no new trials for this update. We considered these trials to be of moderate quality according to GRADE assessment. Using different sedation scales, each study showed a higher sedation level in the midazolam group. However, none of these scales were validated in preterm infants, so we could not ascertain the effectiveness of midazolate in this population. Duration of NICU stay was significantly longer in two trials. One study (43 infants) showed lower Premature Infant Pain Profile (PIPP) scores in the group of infants given midazoleam. Another study (46 infants) observed a higher incidence of side effects at 28 days' postnatal age (death, grade III or IV or IV IVH or PVL) in the neonate group compared with the morphine group. We judged the quality of the evidence to be moderate. The evidence is up-to-date as of February 2019.
We found 12 trials involving 767 participants. There was no evidence of benefit for antibiotics in NTS diarrhoea in otherwise healthy people. A slightly higher number of adverse events were noted in people who received antibiotics for NTS. Non-severe side effects were more common among the patients who took antibiotics. We are uncertain of the effects on very young people, very old people, and people with severe and extraintestinal disease.
We included 23 studies (n = 4192) in this review. Twenty studies that were available as conference proceedings only are awaiting classification. The participants were heterogeneous in terms of age, gender, main diagnosis, setting, and other factors that could affect the accuracy of the tests. Prevalence of sepsis varied across the studies. We found that all studies had some limitations. For example, the studies were at high risk of bias, which means that their results may be biased. The results of this review should be interpreted with caution. If we test a group of 1000 adult patients under suspicion that they may have a blood infection, we will find that 330 patients would be wrongly treated with antibiotics, while 130 would not have been wrongly treated. In addition, 370 out of 1000 patients would avoid antibiotic therapy, and 170 would have been undiagnosed. The conclusions of the review will likely change once the 20 studies are fully published and included in the review.
We included 29 randomised controlled trials (5718 participants) in this review. Four trials compared wound dressings with no wound dressing. The remaining 25 studies compared alternative dressing types. The review contains 11 comparisons in total. Most studies were small and at a high or unclear risk of bias. There were 16 trials that included people with wounds resulting from surgical procedures with a 'clean' classification. Five trials included people who had what was considered 'clean/contaminated' surgery, and the rest of the studies included people undergoing a variety of surgical procedures. The evidence is current to September 2015. We are uncertain whether covering surgical wounds healing by primary intention with wound dressing reduces the risk of SSI, or whether any particular wound dressing is more effective than others in reducing the risk, improving scarring, reducing pain, improving acceptability to patients, or is easier to remove. There was limited and low or very low certainty evidence on secondary outcomes such as scarring and acceptability of dressing, as well as on the cost of dressing and ease of removal. Based on the current evidence, decision makers may wish to base decisions about how to dress a wound following surgery on dressing costs and patient preference. We assessed the certainty of evidence as very low for most comparisons (and low for others), with downgrading (according to GRADE criteria) largely due to risk of systematic errors and imprecision.
We included two randomised controlled trials. One trial compared oral 100 microgram (µg) selenium yeast tablets with placebo, taken from the first trimester until birth. The trial randomised 179 women, but outcome data were only provided for 85. Eighty-three women were randomised to each arm of the trial. Selenium had an effect on EPDS, but did not reach statistical significance. There was a high risk of attrition bias due to a large number of women withdrawing from the study or completing an EPDS. In the placebo arm, 64 women completed the trial, 41 of whom completed an EPD. This trial did not report on any of the other outcomes of this review. The other trial compared DHA (dummy diet) and EPA (eicosapentaenoic acid) with placebo. There were 126 women at risk of postpartum depression. The women who discontinued the intervention (five in the EPA arm, four in the DHA arm, and seven in the placebo group) were included in the analysis. While those who were lost to follow-up were not. No benefit was found for EPA-rich fish oil (MD 0.70, 95% CI +1.78 to 3.18) or DHA-rich Fish oil supplementation (MD 1.90, CI -1.33 to 4.13) in preventing postnatal depression. No difference was found in the effect on depression comparing EPA with DHA. There is currently no evidence to recommend any other dietary supplement for prevention of depression. We found no benefit or significant effect in terms of the presence of major depressive disorder at six to eight weeks after giving birth, the number of pregnant women who commenced antidepressants, maternal estimated blood loss at delivery or admission of newborn babies to the neonatal intensive care unit.
We identified 11 studies that evaluated different doses of anthracycline in people with solid tumours. Seven of the 11 studies were randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared different durations of infusion (six hours versus six weeks) and four RCTs (5280 participants) addressing different peak doses of the drug. The majority of participants included in these studies were adults with different solid tumour types. We found that an infusion duration of six hours or longer reduces the risk of clinical heart failure compared to a shorter infusion duration, and it seems to reduce subclinical heart damage. We did not find any difference in the occurrence of clinical failure in participants treated with a doxorubicin peak dose of less than 60 mg/m2 or 60 mg or more. Only one RCT was available for the other identified peak doses, so we can make no definitive conclusions about the incidence of cardiotoxicity. Since there is only a small amount of data for children and data obtained in adults cannot be extrapolated to children, different infusion durations should be evaluated further in children. High or unclear 'Risk of bias' issues were present in all studies. More high-quality research is needed, both in children and adults.
We included 37 studies with a total of 3110 participants in this review. Most studies included both adults and children with TBI. The duration of hypothermia therapy and the length of follow-up in the studies varied and we could not combine the results of these studies. Thirty-three of the 37 studies reported data for deaths and 31 studies for unfavourable outcomes (death, being in a coma or in a vegetative state). We did not pool these data for analysis. We found no evidence to support the use of these findings. We also found no clear evidence that there is evidence that hypothermies are beneficial in the treatment of pneumonia. The quality of evidence was very low for each outcome. This means that we cannot be certain of the results. The studies were poorly reported and we were not able to assess the risk of bias in the way they were conducted. Further research, which is method robust, is required in this field.
We found three studies, involving 519 people with depression. The studies were very different in terms of interventions, participants, and measuring instruments used. Despite fairly good methodological quality, the findings of some studies were not consistent. The evidence for the effectiveness of family therapy in the treatment of depression did not exceed level 3, which means that we are uncertain about the results. However, there was some evidence from three studies that family therapy may be more effective than no treatment, waiting list, or waiting list condition on decreasing depression, and on increasing family functioning. The current evidence base is too sparse and sparse to draw conclusions on the effectiveness and safety of this form of therapy. At this point, the use of psychological treatments for depression for which there is already a good evidence-base would seem to be preferable. Further high quality trials are needed.
This review included three trials involving a total of 206 participants with vascular dementia. All trials were assessed as being at high risk of bias. When analysing these trials together, there was no evidence to support the routine use of Duxil for dementia. Behaviour and death at the end of treatment, and follow-up were not reported from these trials. Two trials failed to show improvement of functional performance. Of the three included trials, all described the side effects in detail, but there were no differences across the trials. There were no data on behaviour, quality of life, or caregiver burden. Due to the small number of trials, small sample size, and the low methodological quality of the trials, this review did not provide sufficient evidence to be able to draw any conclusions about the benefits and risks of the use of duxil in dementia. High-quality and large-scale trials are needed to confirm or refute these results. This plain language summary has been written by a consumer Ben Gray, Service User and Service User Expert, Rethink Mental Illness. Email: [email protected]
We found seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) including 960 participants. The quality of trials was generally low, with several studies at risk of bias, and no studies used blinding. There was a high level of statistical variation between the studies, which means that the results may be unreliable. The OR for seroma formation (i.e. the chance of developing a seroma) was 0.46 (95% CI 0.23 to 0.91, P = 0.03) in favour of a reduced incidence of seroma in people who had drains inserted. The mean difference in length of hospital stay was 1.47 days greater in the drain population. A mean difference of 0.79 fewer postoperative seroma aspirations were found in the drains population. No significant difference in infection rates was observed. No difference in the number of lymphoedema (a swelling of the lymph nodes) was noted, nor was there a difference in haematoma (a blood clot in the blood vessels) between the drain and no drain groups. There were no significant differences in the amount of blood in the veins between the two groups. The evidence is up to date as of May 2013.
We found eight studies with 390,769 participants. Five studies used a cohort design, two were case-control studies and one was a randomised controlled trial (RCT). The evidence for total flavonoid intake and the risk of colorectal neoplasms were conflicting. There was no evidence to support that high intake of procyanidin, phytoestrogen or anthocyanin had an effect on the rate of colon cancer. The results for Flavan-3-ols were also conflicting. A statistically significant reduced risk of CRC was found with the high dose of epicatechin. However, the results from two studies suggested that an increased intake of Flavan 3-ols reduced the risk for colon cancer and adenomata. There is no evidence that high flavonoids had an impact on colon cancer, but there was some evidence to suggest that high levels of anthracyanin intake may be beneficial. The quality of the evidence in this review was moderate to high. More research is needed.
We included seven trials with a total of 1369 participants. Five trials used our first definition of slow responders, and three other trials used the second. None of the included trials reported our primary outcomes. However, regarding the other outcomes, we found that extending the treatment to 72 weeks increased the number of patients who had a sustained response to treatment. The number of people who relapsed was lower in the groups that had been treated for 72 weeks. The length of treatment did not affect the adherence. There was no reporting on deaths. In the single trial that reported side effects, no difference was seen between the two treatment groups. The observed effects can be due to systematic error (bias) and play of chance. More data are needed in order to recommend or reject the treatment of people with HCV genotype 1 infection.
We found only two studies that met the inclusion criteria of this review. Both studies included 34 people with pancreatic cancer found to be cancerous on CT scan. There was low concerns about applicability of EUS in most domains. The overall risk of bias was low in one study, but unclear or high in the second. The two studies compared EUS with no EUS for the treatment of people with cancer that had spread beyond the pancreas. The results of the studies suggest that EUS may not be useful in people who have cancer that has spread to the lungs. There is no evidence to suggest that it should be performed routinely.
This review identified 34 studies (2169 participants with blepharitis) that compared the effectiveness of treatments for bleopharitis. There was no strong evidence for any of the treatments studied in this review. Topical antibiotics were shown to provide some symptomatic relief. Lid hygiene, such as warm compresses, eyelid wash, and eyelid margin washing, were effective in eradicating bacteria. However, there was no clear evidence that these treatments were more effective than other treatments. There were also no clear results for topical steroids and oral antibiotics. There is not enough evidence to support the use of commercial products to treat chronic blephritis. Further research is needed to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of such treatments. It is important that participants be followed long-term, at least one year, to assess chronic outcomes properly. Outcomes of interest should be patient-centered and measured using validated questionnaires or scales. Any RCT designed for this purpose should separate participants by type of condition in order to minimize imbalances between groups (type I errors) and to achieve statistical power for analyses (prevent type II errors). Medical interventions and commercial products should be compared with conventional lid hygiene measures to determine effectiveness, as well as head-to-head to show comparative effectiveness between treatments.
We included one trial with a total of 23 participants. This study was at high risk of bias. None of our primary outcomes were measured in the study and only one of our secondary outcomes (reduction in volume of disease) was measured. There was no difference between the groups. Adverse effects were reported in one child who had swelling in the airway that required an intubation. There is not enough high-quality evidence to determine whether photodynamic therapy alters the course of disease or provides an added benefit to surgery in patients with RRP. Multicentre randomised trials with adequate sample sizes and long-term follow-up (at least six months) are required to evaluate the effects of photodynamic therapies. Outcomes such as improvement in symptoms (respiratory function and voice quality) and quality of life should be measured in future trials.
We identified 42 studies with 4220 participants. Twenty studies provided data on the number of participants (seven of which provided data with and without the use of CT scan). Sixteen of these studies evaluated the accuracy of CDUS. These studies were generally of moderate to low quality. In six (40%) of the studies, the delay between the two tests was unclear or longer than four weeks. In eight (50%), the blinding of either the index test or the reference test was not clearly reported. In two studies (12%), it was not clear how the study staff interpreted the reference standard. Based on the results of 18 studies, we found that CDUS was more accurate than CDUS in terms of sensitivity (i.e. the difference between the test and the control group) and specificity (the difference in the two groups of people with the same disease). In eight studies, CDUS appeared to be superior to CDUS with regard to sensitivity. The results of eight studies that provided CT scan data showed that CT scan with or without CT scan showed high specificity. In conclusion, we conclude that CE-CDUS can be used as a routine diagnostic tool in an endoleak surveillance programme.
We included seven studies, with 766 participants. All seven studies reported on low back pain in labour only. Methodological quality was good, but four studies were at high risk of bias due to small size of treatment groups, incomplete data, and poor reporting of study methods. All studies reported treatment group mean or median scores, and found greater pain relief for sterile water. However, we could not combine the results of these studies because they used different pain scales. One study reported the number self-scoring 4/10 cm or more in pain, which was more with sterile water than with placebo. There was no difference between sterile water and saline for rates of caesarean section. No adverse events were reported. We found little evidence that sterile water is effective for low back or other labour pain. We did not find any difference in pain relief, women's sense of control in labour, mothers' satisfaction with the childbirth experience, mother/baby interaction, rates of breastfeeding, maternal ill-health, or costs. The quality of the evidence was poor. Further large, method rigorous studies are needed to determine the efficacy of sterile water to relieve pain. The outcomes reported severely limit conclusions for clinical practice.
We included 12 studies with a total of 1932 participants in this review. The evidence is current to January 2015. The studies compared glue versus sutures for mesh fixation in people with Lichtenstein hernia repair. We found that glue may reduce chronic pain and reduce the risk of recurrence of the hernia in the short term. However, the results changed when we compared the type of mesh. We also found that the reduction of chronic pain was less profound and insignificant in the glue group compared with the suture group. Hernia recurrence was similar between the two groups. Fixation with glue was superior to suture regarding duration of the operation, haematoma, and recovery time to daily activities. There were no significant differences in adverse events. For superficial wound infection, we found low-quality evidence. For mesh/deep infection, the quality of the evidence was low. For seroma (a swelling due to fluid) and persisting numbness, we were low- or moderate-quality. Finally, six trials involving 1009 participants reported postoperative length of stay, resulting in non-significant difference between the groups. Due to the lack of data, it was impossible to draw any distinction between synthetic glue and biological glue. The difference in the effectiveness of synthetic glue versus biological glue should also be assessed in the future. The quality of evidence was moderate to low for all outcomes. Nearly half of the included trials either did not provide adequate information or had high risk of bias regarding blinding processes. Two trials did not report on some important outcomes. One study was funded by the manufacturer producing the fibrin sealant.
We found 32 studies addressing technical editing and 66 surveys of reference accuracy. Only three studies were randomised controlled trials. A package of processes applied between acceptance and publication was found to improve readability in two studies, while another found mixed results. Providing instructions to authors was associated with an improvement in the reporting of ethics requirements in one study. More intensive editorial processes were associated with fewer errors in abstracts and references. Structuring of abstracts improved the quality of the abstracts, but increased their length. A substantial number of references are cited or quoted inaccurately. The reference accuracy studies showed a median citation error rate of 38%. However, there is some evidence that the 'package' of techniques used by biomedical journals does improve papers.
We included 15 studies including 721 participants with cancer pain due to diverse types of cancer. There were no studies on children. The studies were small, of short duration, and most had significant shortcomings in reporting. We found that codeine was better than placebo (a pretend drug) for reducing cancer pain, but there were more side-effects (nausea, vomiting, constipation). There were three deaths, in all cases due to the cancer. Most studies used codeine at doses of 30 mg to 120 mg. The evidence is up to date as of April 2015.
This review identified 12 trials of 563 people with HbSS, HbSC or HbSβthal, aged six to 35 years old. The majority of participants were African-American. Interventions ranged from one hour to weekly sessions for eight weeks, and the post-intervention assessments ranged from the end of the intervention period to 12 months after completion. The trials varied in the type of intervention, the setting, how the intervention was carried out and the time of assessment. The overall risk of bias in the trials was low. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high for patient knowledge, caregiver knowledge, depression and other outcomes. The effect on knowledge was significant but small and whether it offers any clinical benefit is uncertain. There were no effects of interventions on coping (e.g. mental health), family relationships, health-related quality of life of patients, child knowledge, healthcare use and depression. There was no evidence of an effect on the number of patients or caregivers (or both) recognising signs and symptoms of sickle cell disease and self-management. No differences were seen between the intervention groups for the use of health services. No effects were seen on depression, coping, family relationships or the quality of health-based healthcare use. We found that further research is likely to change our confidence in the results of this review.
We included six studies with a total of 2411 participants. All six studies included adult participants between 16 and 80 years old. The duration of the studies ranged from 7 to 16 weeks. Only one study included participants with both focal and generalised onset seizures; the other five trials included people with focal onset seizures only. All studies were of short duration. Participants receiving brivaracetam were more likely to have a 50% or greater reduction in their seizure frequency than those receiving placebo. They were also more likely than placebo to reach seizure freedom. The incidence of treatment withdrawal for any reason, as well as the risk of one or more adverse events, did not appear to be different following treatment. However, people taking brivolacetam did appear to withdraw from treatment because of adverse events more often than people taking placebo. It is important to note that only one of the six included studies was of high quality, and all studies were short-term. Therefore, the results of this review should be interpreted with caution. We judged two studies to be at low risk of bias, and four to be unclear. One study failed to give details of the method used to conceal the type of seizure, and one did not report all outcomes that were planned in the trial protocol. Another study did not describe how blinding was kept in place, and another noted discrepancies in reporting. We rated the quality of evidence from the six studies as moderate to low. This means that further research is likely to change our confidence in the results.
We included 38 studies, mostly from high-income countries, many of which examined mothers' perceptions of vaccine communication. Some focused on the MMR vaccine. In general, parents wanted more information than they were getting. Lack of information led to parents' worry and regret about vaccination decisions. Parents wanted balanced information, presented clearly and simply, and tailored to their situation. They wanted vaccination information to be available at a wider range of locations and in good time. Parents viewed health workers as an important source of information. They had specific expectations of how they would interact with them. Poor communication and negative relationships with health workers may have affected parents' vaccination decisions (high confidence). Parents generally found it hard to know which vaccination information source they could trust, and it was challenging to find information they felt was unbiased. The amount of information parents wanted and the sources they felt could be trusted may be linked to their acceptance of vaccination (low confidence). We found that most of the studies addressed at least one or two key aspects of communication. Most of the trials addressed the provision of information prior to vaccination, such as informing parents about the vaccine before the vaccination appointment, and tailoring the information to their needs. None of the interventions seemed to respond to negative media stories or address parents' perception of health worker motives. We have high or moderate confidence in the results of this review. Further research could strengthen the findings where we had low or very low confidence.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials, with a total of 599 participants. Seven had been identified in the previous version of this review and we now include three new trials. We now deem one trial to be ineligible, and six ongoing trials are new for this update. Two of the 10 trials included children. The trials tested diverse psychological therapies and the quality of the trials was poor. Risks of bias were mostly seen through lack of blinding (i.e. participants and study staff were aware of the treatment being given) and incomplete data reporting (e.g. people dropping out). The results suggest that treatment as usual may be less efficacious than treatment with focal psychodynamic therapy. This was based on one trial. However, there were no differences between the two therapies for this outcome, nor for body mass index (BMI). There were also no differences in the dropout rates between individual psychological therapies. Two trials found that a non-specific specialist therapy (specialist supportive clinical management) or an Optimised TAU, delivered by therapists with eating disorder expertise, was similar in outcomes to cognitive behaviour therapy. Dietary advice as a control arm had 100% non-completion rate. None of the studies found any adverse effects. There was a suggestion in one trial that treatment with advice on dietary advice might be better than TAU. However this is based on just one trial, which was of low quality. There is a need for more research in this area.
The review included 516 participants from three randomised controlled trials. One study was conducted in the USA and consisted of two trials: the first trial randomized 151 adults to receive silicone oil or sulfur hexafluoride (SF6). The second trial, which had a power of 80% to detect differences between the two groups, was a multi-centre international trial. The third trial was funded by the German Research Foundation. In participants with RD associated with PVR, the outcomes after pars plana vitrectomy and infusion of one of the three agents (silicone oil, perfluropropane (PVR), or sulphur hexaflavide gas) were comparable. There were no major differences between silicone oil, perfluoropropane gas, or silicone oil and perfluorohexyloctane gas in terms of visual acuity, achieving at least 5/200 vision acuity at one year, achieving macular attachment, or any other outcomes. The first two trials did not perform any sample size calculations. In the third trial, there was no significant difference between the use of heavy silicone oil versus standard silicone oil. Of the 94 participants, four died, 26 had retinal detachment, 22 had glaucoma, four had cataract (scarring of the lens), and two had capsular fibrosis. All three trials appear to be free of bias. None of the trials used masks to mask the participants and surgeons to the outcome assessors, and in the third study, only the results of the third-stage assessment were reported. The use of silicone oil for PVR is reasonable for most patients. The choice of the type of tamponade should be individualized for the patient.
We included five studies (involving 1819 women) in this review. The studies compared planned early delivery with planned late delivery for women suffering from high blood pressure. The evidence is current to September 2016. The review found that planned early birth was associated with less composite maternal morbidity and mortality. There was no clear difference in the composite outcome of infant mortality and severe morbidity, but this is based on limited data (from two trials) assessing all hypertensive disorders as one group. There were no clear differences between subgroups based on our subgroup analysis by gestational age, gestational week or condition. Planned early delivery was also associated with lower risk of HELLP syndrome and severe renal impairment, but there was not enough information to draw any conclusions about the effects on composite infant mortality or severe illness. There is moderate-quality evidence to support the use of planned early deliveries for women with high-risk high-pressure disorders of pregnancy after 34 weeks of pregnancy. The level of evidence was graded high (composite maternal mortality and morbidity), moderate (caesarean section, duration of hospital stay after delivery for mother, and duration of stay in hospital after delivery) or low (compositionite infant mortality, morbidity). Where the evidence was downgraded, it was mostly because the confidence intervals were wide, crossing both the line of no effect and appreciable benefit or harm. No studies attempted to blind participants or clinicians to group allocation, potentially introducing bias as women and staff would have been aware of the intervention and this may have affected aspects of care and decision-making. Two fairly large, well-designed trials contributed the majority of the evidence. Other studies were at low or unclear risk of bias.
We found six studies (including 142 participants) comparing three-times-a-week prophylactic treatment with on-demand treatment. Two of these studies were conducted in children with haemophilia. The remaining four studies were in adults with hemophilia A. The evidence is current to September 2014. The results of the two studies showed that prophylectomy reduces bleeding and joint bleeds in patients with existing joint damage. There was no difference in the number of patients with preserved joints after three to seven years of follow-up. There is insufficient evidence from randomised controlled trials to confirm the observational evidence that preventive treatment decreases bleeding and related complications. Non-significant increases in both inhibitor and infectious complications were observed in patients on preventive treatment, which occurred more often when using long-term venous access. Well-designed randomised trials and observational controlled studies are needed to establish the best preventive regimen and to assess the effectiveness of clotting factor concentrates in adult patients.
We included 13 studies in this review. In total, 13 trials involving 1824 participants met the inclusion criteria for this review, however, data in usable format were only available in 10 trials (732 participants). We were unable to combine the results of these studies due to differences between the treatments assessed in the studies. In two out of three studies reporting survival, this was substantial, but the difference was not significant between treatment groups. We found that more recent studies have tended to show that less aggressive treatment schedules are more effective in treating people with BL. However, the evidence for the relative effectiveness of these newer treatments to treat BL is not strong as studies were small, were of poor quality and were prone to bias. We included one new study in this update.
We found two studies involving 447 RhD negative women. The studies compared the use of oral and intravenous anti-D drugs. The number of included studies and the number of participants were too small to assess whether there are any differences in effectiveness. One of the studies found that the mean IgG concentrations up to seven days after IV and IM administration differed. However, from two to three weeks post-administration, the concentrations were similar. None of the women involved in the studies developed antibodies against the RhD antigen. This review found insufficient information on which to guide practice.
This review included eight studies with a total of 21,379 patients. Three included studies investigated ticlopidine compared to aspirin or placebo. Five included studies looked at the use of clopidogrel in combination with aspirin or a combination of the two drugs. One study compared ticledogrel to placebo. The mean duration of follow-up ranged from 365 days to 913 days. All trials had a high risk of bias. Data for diabetes patients on death, vascular deaths and myocardial infarction were only available for one study. This study did not show any significant differences between the two groups. Diabetes outcome data for stroke were available in three trials. Overall pooling of two (statistically different) studies showed no significant reduction in the number of deaths or stroke in patients with diabetes. There were no data from any of the trials on blood pressure, heart disease, side effects, quality of life or costs. The review concluded that there is limited evidence for ADP receptor antagonists for the prevention of CVD in people with diabetes mellitus. Most trials do not report outcomes for patients with and without diabetes. Trials with diabetes patients are needed to provide a more robust evidence base to guide clinical management. This plain language summary is up-to-date as of April 2014.
We included ten trials with a total of 191 participants. Seven trials evaluated single treatment sessions, one evaluated a two-week treatment, and one evaluated six-week and three-month treatments. Six trials (151 participants) looked at the use of non-invasive support for airway clearance. Three of the trials (27 participants) evaluated use of NIV for night-time ventilation. One trial (13 participants) compared the effect of using an NIV on exercise capacity. The trial found no clear differences between non- invasive ventilation and oxygen or room air for any of our outcomes. Three trials evaluated non-vasive support with nasal masks (two trials) and nasal masks or face masks (one trial). Three of these trials reported on one of the review's main outcomes. Results showed that airways clearance may be easier and people with cystic fibrosis may prefer it. We were not able to find any evidence that non-vacuum expectoration increases sputum expectoration. We did find some evidence that NIV may improve some lung function parameters. We also found that people who used NIV at night may be more likely to be able to breathe on their own. We could not find clear differences in lung function, gas exchange, adherence to treatment and preference, and nocturnal transcutaneous (transcutaneous) carbon dioxide. The effect of this therapy on exercise is unclear. There was no clear difference between the two groups of people in terms of lung function and exercise ability. We found no evidence that there was a difference between people using NIV and people using room airways to breathe. The quality of life of the people in the trials was improved. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low for all outcomes. Most trials had a low risk of bias. The only trial that was judged to be at low risk was the one which used the RevMan. The other trials were judged to have an unclear risk of having a low
We included seven studies on 245 people with stable COPD in this review. We found that NIPPV at home had no consistent effect on gas exchange, exercise tolerance, quality of life, lung function or sleep efficiency. However, the number of people in the studies was small and we cannot be sure that this effect is clinically significant. We could not exclude an effect that was clinically significant, as the mean distance walked in a six-minute period (6MWD) was around 26 m and the difference was small. There was no difference in the length of time it took for people to walk from the start of the trial to reach the end of the study. We also found that there were no significant differences in blood gases, lung strength or lung function after 12 months. We were unable to draw any conclusions about the effects of NIPPVs in people with COPD due to the small number of studies and the small sample sizes of these studies. More research is needed.
We included four trials, involving 1190 women. Induction of labour for suspected fetal macrosomia has not been shown to alter the rate of caesarean section or instrumental delivery. There was no clear effect of induction of labour on the risk of brachial plexus injury. There were no clear differences between groups for measures of neonatal asphyxia, low blood pressure, low birthweight babies, or low blood flow to the brain. Birthweight was lower for women in the induction group but there was considerable variation between studies. Birth fractures and shoulder dystocia were lower in women who had been given induction. In one study with data for 818 women, third- and fourth-degree tears were more common in those women who were given induction, but this may be due to the fact that the baby's head was lying on the perineal wall. The results of this review suggest that to prevent one fracture, one more baby would need to be born before induction in 60 women. The evidence is up to date as of April 2014. Inducing labour for babies suspected of being macrosomic is popular with many women. In settings where obstetricians can be reasonably confident about their scan assessment of fetal weight, the advantages and disadvantages of induction at or near term for fetuses suspected to be macrosomic should be discussed with parents. Although some parents and doctors may feel the evidence already justifies induction, others may justifiably disagree. Such trials should concentrate on refining the optimum gestation of induction, and improving the accuracy of the diagnosis of macrosomica. Also, antenatal estimates of fetal growth are often inaccurate so many women may be worried unnecessarily, and many inductions may not be needed.
We identified 159 randomised clinical trials with 95,286 participants. The age of participants ranged from 18 to 107 years. Most trials included women older than 70 years. The mean proportion of women was 77%. Forty-eight of the trials randomly assigned 94,491 healthy participants. Of these, four trials included healthy volunteers, nine trials included postmenopausal women, and 35 trials included older people living on their own or in institutional care. Vitamin D was given for a weighted mean of 4.4 years. More than half of these trials had a low risk of bias. Forty-five trials (80%) reported on vitamin D status based on serum vitamin D levels, and the risk of vitamin D insufficiency (low or very low levels) was increased. The risk of death was decreased in all 56 trials analysed together, but we could not be sure if this effect was due to vitamin D2, calcitriol, or both. We did not find any evidence that vitamin D had an effect on the number of deaths. However, we did find that more than 8% of people dropped out of trials, and this could be due to bias. We found that people who took vitamin D3 were less likely to die, but this finding could be the result of chance. We also found that taking vitamin D, alfacalcidol, and calcium did not affect deaths. We could not tell whether vitamin D was better or worse than no vitamin D for people with cancer. We were able to combine the results from 38 trials (38,927 participants) that compared vitamin D with calcium, and found that the combination resulted in a reduction in deaths. The combined with calcium increased the risk for nephrolithiasis (a type of kidney disease). We found no difference between vitamin D and placebo (a substance that contains no active ingredient) and no treatment in the number who developed nephroids (a condition in which the kidneys are damaged). We did
The review of trials found that three drugs, fluoxetine, orlistat, and sibutramine, can help people with type 2 diabetes to lose weight. However, the effects of these drugs on long-term health are unclear. There is a lack of data on other drugs for weight loss or control. Some studies have shown that mazindol, phenmetrazine, sertraline, and phentermine can help, but more research is needed.
We included five studies involving a total of 734 participants in this review. We assessed only one study as good quality and four as poor quality. However, it was difficult to perform a meta-analysis by extractsing data to synthesise the results, mainly because not all studies reported the same outcomes. No significant differences favoured VGB or CBZ in terms of time to treatment withdrawal and time to achieve a six-month remission after dose stabilisation from randomisation, but VGB did show a disadvantage for VGB on the time to first seizure. Compared with CBZ, VGB was found to cause more weight gain and skin rash and drowsiness. No differences in visual field defects and visual disturbance were noted. We conclude that VGB should not be prescribed with caution for epilepsy. If necessary, the visual field should frequently be assessed. Future research should focus on investigating the reasons for vision field defects, and explore potential prevention strategies. Moreover, future monotherapy studies of epilepsy should report results according to the recommendations of the International League Against Epilepsy (ILAE), and the quality of the studies should be improved.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared plerixafor plus G-CSF to a placebo. Two of these RCTs were completed, but did not report their results. The remaining two trials evaluated 600 participants with non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. In both studies, participants were randomised to the experimental group and the control group to receive G-Cochrane Graft-Controlled-Cell-Transfusion (G-CTF) plus a placebo (placebo). There was no evidence for differences between the two groups in terms of survival at 12 months and adverse events during stem cell mobilisation and collection (high-quality evidence). The results of the analysed data suggest that the addition of plerizafor leads to increased stem cell collection in a shorter time. None of the trials reported on the outcomes quality of life and progression-free survival. There was insufficient evidence to determine whether the addition to a G-CCF mobilisation regimen affects survival or adverse events. The two trials included in the meta-analysis, both of which were conducted by the Genzyme Corporation, the manufacturer, the company that makes plerIXafor, were published several times. Due to the unpublished trials, it is possible that our review is affected by publication bias, even though two trials failed to recruit a sufficient number of participants to analyse any data.
This review included 23 trials involving 1806 women. All of the trials were small, and in many the quality was hard to judge. Outcome measures differed between trials, making the results difficult to combine. Some trials reported high drop-out rates with both cone and control treatments. Cones were better than no active treatment. There was not enough evidence to show that cones plus PFMT was better than either cones alone, or PFMT plus cones. Only seven trials looked at the cost of the treatment, and no study looked at how well it worked. Seven trials were published only as abstracts.
We searched the medical literature and found 11 randomised controlled trials with a total of 2246 AF patients (ranging from 14 to 712 by study) that met our inclusion criteria. Studies included education, decision aids, and self-monitoring plus education interventions. The evidence is current to September 2015. The review found that there is insufficient evidence to draw definitive conclusions regarding the impact of interventions on TTR in AF patients receiving OAT. The effect of self-watchful self-management plus education on T TR was uncertain compared with usual care. We found small but positive effects of education on anxiety and depression compared with the usual care group. The effectiveness of decision aids on decision conflict favoured usual care, but the quality of the evidence was low. The quality of evidence was downgraded because of the small number of studies and participants, and because the results were imprecise. Thus, more trials are needed to examine the impact on anticoagulant control in patients with AF and the mechanisms by which they are successful. It is also important to explore the psychological implications for patients suffering from this long-term chronic condition.
The review of trials found that vaginal prostaglandin E2 probably increases the chance of vaginal delivery in 24 hours, but does not seem to reduce caesarean sections. Prostaglandins PGE2 tablets, gels and pessaries appear to be as effective as each other, small differences are detected between some outcomes, but these may be due to chance. The effect of these drugs on improving the outcomes for the mother and her baby is unclear.
This review looked at the effects of cot-nursing using a heated water-filled mattress in newborn infants. Five trials were included in this review. When compared to incubator care, there was no difference in mean body temperature (MD 0.02 degrees C; 95% CI -0.02 to 0.07), though the one trial found this to be more common in infants who were exposed to high temperatures. In addition, there were no clear differences in weight gain. There were also no differences in breast feeding or death rates. In one trial, infants who had their cot nursing done in a heated room with warming of the nursery had less weight gain during week one, but this result was not significant. The review found that there was not enough data to be able to draw any conclusions on the effect on temperature control.
We included three studies, involving 146 participants. Two studies were assessed as being at high risk of bias. The main finding of the review was that the two techniques appear to be equally successful at exposing PDCs. One surgical failure was due to detachment of the gold chain (closed group). One study reported on complications of surgery and found two in the closed group: a post-operative infection and pain during the alignment of the canine teeth. We were not able to pool data for dental aesthetics, pain and discomfort, periodontal health, treatment time and treatment costs. We considered the evidence to be of low to very low quality. This means that we cannot be certain of the results. There is a need for more high-quality studies. Three ongoing trials have been identified and it is hoped that these will produce data that can be pooled to increase the degree of certainty in these findings.
We included three studies, involving 244 women, comparing prostaglandins with placebo. The studies were considered to be of poor quality. The evidence is up to date as of September 2014. We found that prostaglandsins were not superior to placebo in reducing the rate of manual removal of placenta, severe postpartum haemorrhage, need for blood transfusion and the mean time from injection to placental removal. Side-effects were no different between groups (vomiting, headache, pain and nausea between injection and discharge from the labour ward), with the exception of shivering, which was more frequent in women who received prostags. We did not obtain any data for the primary outcomes of maternal mortality and the need to add another therapeutic uterotonic. Currently there is limited, very low-quality evidence relating to the effectiveness and the safety of prostags for the management of retained placentas. We can not make any recommendations about changes to clinical practice. More high-quality research in this area is needed. The included studies were of low quality and there is little confidence in the effect estimates; the true effect is likely to be substantially different. Much larger, adequately powered studies are needed to confirm that these clinically important beneficial effects are not just chance findings.
We included six studies involving 355 infants - two using face mask CPAP, two CNP, one nasal CPAP and one both CNP (for sicker babies) and endotracheal CPAP. We found no new trials. Continuous distending pressure (CDP) is associated with a lower risk of treatment failure (death or use of assisted ventilation) and lower death in infants with birth weight above 1500 g, as well as a lower overall mortality. Use of CDP was associated with an increased risk of pneumothorax (pneumothoracic obstruction) in infants. We did not find any difference in bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD), defined as oxygen dependency at 28 days (three studies, 260 infants) or at nine to 14 years (one study, 37 infants). In preterm infants with respiratory distress, CDP as CPAP or CNP reduces the risk of respiratory failure and mortality and increases the number of infants who experience pneumothoralax. Four out of six of these trials were done in the 1970s. Therefore, the applicability of these results to current practice is difficult to assess. Further research is required to determine the best mode of administration.
We included six studies (157 participants) in this review. All included studies were small and/or had limited follow-up times. There is no research evidence to suggest that foam wound dressings are more effective in healing foot ulcers in people with diabetes than other type of dressing. However, all trials in this field are small. Decision makers may wish to consider aspects such as the cost of dressing and the wound care properties of each dressing type e.g. exudate management.
We identified three eligible trials. Two trials compared endoscopic intervention with surgical intervention. One trial, including 32 participants, compared surgical intervention with conservative treatment. The trial showed that surgery was superior to endoscopy in terms of pain relief and pancreatic function. Surgical treatment resulted in improved quality of life and preservation of exocrine pancreatic functions. No differences were found between the two treatments for major complications, but the number of participants was too small to be sure of this. Another trial, involving 32 participants (17 in the surgical group and 15 in the conservative group), showed that surgical intervention resulted in more pain relief than endoscopic treatment. However, the trial had limitations in its design, and it was relatively small. This review has shown that surgical treatment in an early stage of patients with obstructive chronic pancreatitis is a promising approach. Other trials need to confirm these results because of limitations in the methods used in the present evidence. Morbidity and mortality seem not to differ between these two treatment modalities. The small trials identified do not provide enough power to detect the small differences expected in this outcome.
This review identified only one trial, which included 857 patients. This trial compared early or delayed post-operative showering or bathing. The trial was at a high risk of bias. The only outcome of interest was surgical site infection. There was no difference in the proportion of patients who developed surgical site infections (SSIs) between the two groups. The proportions of patients with SSIs were 8.5% in the early bathing group and 8.8% in both groups. We recommend that further trials be conducted to compare the benefits and harms of early versus delayed (post-operative) showering and bathing for the prevention of wound complications. This plain language summary has been written by a consumer Ben Gray, Service User and Service User Expert, Rethink Wound Care. Email: [email protected]
We found one randomised controlled trial (RCT) comparing oral prednisone with no treatment in 35 people with MS. The trial had a high risk of bias, which means that it is possible that the results could be biased. There was no difference between the groups in the number of people who improved after 12 weeks of treatment. The RCT did not report side effects in detail, but it did report that one participant died. A double-blind RCT comparing daily standard-dose oral (daily) prednisolone with high-dose (monthly) dexamethasone in 40 people did not measure the primary outcome for this review. After 12 weeks, the RCT showed that people who received daily standard dose prednisorone had a 2.02 improvement in neuropathy Impairment Scale (NIS) scores, compared with five of 16 people who did not receive treatment. After one year, there was little or no difference in the change in disability or impairment after one year. Side effects were similar with each regimen, except that sleeplessness was less common with the higher dose (daily), and moon facies (moon-shaped appearance of face) was more common in the high dose group. We need more research to identify factors that predict the effect of corticosteroids. We are very uncertain about the effects of daily oral (pre-dummy) versus no treatment, and we also know that long-term use of steroids can lead to serious side effects.
We found six studies including a total of 2100 participants. Four studies compared remote asthma check-up with face-to-face check-ups, and one study compared the two approaches. We could not say whether more people who had a remote check up had an asthma flare-up than those who were seen face to-face because the studies could not be blinded and dropout was high. We also could not tell whether or not more people with asthma needed oral corticosteroids to treat their asthma because the results of the studies were very wide. In one study, 21 out of 1000 people out of 100 had asthma attacks over three months that required oral steroids. We do not know whether telephoning people to have their asthma checked-up increased the number of people who received a review. There was no difference between the two groups of people in terms of asthma control, quality of life, or serious adverse events. We were not able to tell whether remote or face-tune is a safe alternative to being seen by a doctor. The studies were too small to show any important differences in the outcomes that we measured. The results of this review are up to date as of September 2016.
This review aimed to assess the benefits and harms of exercise therapy for patients with JIA. Three out of 16 identified studies met the inclusion criteria, with a total of 212 participants. The results suggest that the short-term effects look promising, but the long-term effect remains unclear. None of the studies reported any harmful effects. The included and excluded studies were all consistent in their findings about the adverse effects of exercise. Overall, the quality of the evidence was low. There was no evidence that exercise therapy can improve function, quality of life, aerobic capacity or pain.
We included 19 trials with a total of 2663 participants (11 with outpatients, seven with inpatients; and one with ICU). The evidence is current to August 2016. We found that antibiotics have some effect on inpat patients and outpatient patients, but these effects are small and inconsistent. The effects of antibiotics on treatment failure are also inconsistent. We did not find any evidence that antibiotics reduce the risk of treatment failure in ICU patients. We also found no evidence that antibiotic use is harmful. The only trial with 93 patients admitted to the ICU showed a large and statistically significant effect on treatment failures. Results of this trial show a large effect on mortality and on length of hospital stay. The quality of the evidence was moderate for treatment failure and on mortality, and low for mortality and length of stay in hospital. The evidence was of moderate quality for other outcomes, such as death, hospital stay, and adverse events. The overall quality of evidence was low for the outcomes of treatment failures and length in hospital stay and for adverse events (side effects, costs, and multi-resistance). We found no studies that reported on health-related quality of life or on other patient-reported symptoms, and data show no statistically significant increase in the number of adverse events with antibiotics compared to placebo. These inconsistent effects call for research into clinical signs and biomarkers that can help identify patients who would benefit from antibiotics, while sparing antibiotics for patients who are unlikely to experience benefit and for whom downsides of antibiotics should be avoided.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1414 participants. We found no studies that reported the effect of whole grain diets on total cardiovascular deaths or cardiovascular events. All included studies reported on risk factors for cardiovascular disease, such as blood lipids and blood pressure. All studies were in primary prevention populations. The studies were small and had an unclear or high risk of bias. There was no evidence from RCTs of an effect on cardiovascular risk factors. There is a need for well-designed studies with longer durations of follow-up to be able to assess cardiovascular events as well as risk factors such as cholesterol.
This review included 28 studies with a total of 1896 participants. Thirty studies investigated rehabilitation interventions during the immobilisation period after surgical fixation. There was little evidence from two studies (106 participants in total) of short-term benefit of using an air-stirrup versus an orthosis or a walking cast. One study (12 participants) found 12 weeks of hypnosis did not reduce activity or improve other outcomes. In 10 studies, the use of a removable type of immobilisation combined with exercise was compared with cast immobilisation alone. There is limited evidence supporting early commencement of weight-bearing and the using of a device that can be removed to allow exercise in the immobilised ankle. There were no evidence of effect for stretching or manual therapy in addition to exercise, or exercise compared with usual care. One small study (14 participants) at a high risk of bias found reduced ankle swelling after non-thermal treatment compared with thermal pulsed shortwave diathermy. Evidence from one small but potentially biased study (60 participants) showed that neurostimulation, an electrotherapy modality, may be beneficial in the short term. Five studies investigated different rehabilitation interventions following the immobilization period after either conservative or surgical orthopaedic management. One found no immobilisation improved ankle dorsiflexion and plantarflexion range of motion, but another showed using a backslab (a device that supports the ankle in place with a bandage) resulted in a small improvement in this outcome compared with immobilisation using a bandages. The results of this review are inconclusive on which type of support or immobilisation is the best. There are too few studies to be able to draw firm conclusions about the best treatment for ankle immobilisation. More research is needed.
This review of four studies found that a home-based nursing programme has the potential to help children with HIV/AIDS to take their medication, but more research is needed. Two other interventions, an LPV/r-containing regimen and peer support groups for adolescents, did not improve adherence to ART, but showed greater viral load suppression. A second non- randomised trial found that children on a lopinavir-ritonavir regimen did not have better adherence than those on a non-nucleoside (non-DNA) regimen. However, the percentage of children achieving virological suppression was higher for children on the LPV regimen. A third non-randomised trial of caregiver medication diaries showed that the intervention group had fewer participants reporting no missed doses compared to the control group, although this difference was not statistically significant. Medication diaries do not appear to have an effect on adherence or disease outcomes. A fourth study of peer support group therapy for adolescents demonstrated no change in self-reported adherence, yet increased the proportion of participants with suppressed viral load from 30% to 80% (p=.06). The second study found that the number of participants achieving >80% adherence was no different between the two groups on a LOPV regimen and a LNRTI regimen. The third study of a LNP regimen showed no effect on CD4 percentage or viral load. The fourth study did not show an effect of the intervention on adherence. Well-designed evaluations of interventions to improve paediatric adherence to treatment with ART are needed. No single intervention was evaluated by more than one trial. Two studies were conducted in low-income countries.
This review found that oral fenoprofen 200 mg is effective at treating moderate to severe acute postoperative pain. There were no serious side effects or withdrawals from the studies. There was not enough data to analyse other doses or active comparators, time to use of rescue medication, or numbers of people needing rescue medication. Efficacy of other doses, other outcomes, and safety and tolerability could not be assessed.
This review aimed to compare the benefits and harms of pelvic floor muscle training for prolapse. Six trials were included; three of these trials are new to this update. Four trials were small (less than 25 women per arm) and two had moderate to high risk-risk of bias. There was a significant risk of bias in two out of four trials in this comparison. The largest trial to date suggests that six months of supervised PFMT has benefits in terms of symptom improvement (if symptomatic) immediately post-intervention. There is now some evidence that PFMT improves prolapse symptoms and severity. Pooling data from two trials showed that the chance of a prolapse stage being improved by 17% when PFMT was compared to no PFMT. The two trials which measured muscle strength found no difference between PFMT and the control group. Two out of three trials (involving 857 women) found better function (or improvement in function) in the PFMT group compared to the control. Two of the three trials which reported urinary outcomes (urodynamics (a measure of how well the bladder works) in favour of PFMT, and one trial reported bowel outcomes. One trial reported that symptoms of prolapse were less frequent and there was less bother with symptoms in women who had PFMT compared to those who did not. One of the two trials found that there was no difference in muscle strength between groups. Similarly findings relating to urinary symptoms were contradictory: one of the trials found no change in symptom score change, whilst the other found more improvement in symptoms and reduction in diurnal frequency in the women in the group with PFMT as an adjunct to surgery. The trials were too small to be able to assess the effects of adding PFMT to surgery on prolapse in the short term. There were no trials which compared PFMT plus surgery to surgery alone. A large trial is needed. Other comparisons which have not been addressed in the trials to date, and warrant
Fourteen randomised controlled trials involving 1,724 participants or ears were included. Topical quinolones were better than no drug treatment at clearing CSOM at one week. No significant difference was found between the two treatments at weeks one or three. A positive trend was seen at two weeks, but this was largely due to one trial and was not significant after accounting for heterogeneity: pooled RR 0.65 (0.46 to 0.92) (four trials), 0.89 (95% CI 0.59 to 1) (three trials, 402) and 0.97 (1.54 to 1.72) (two trials, 77), respectively. No differences were found between non-quinolone antibiotic effects (without steroids) and no drug or topical antiseptics at one, two or three weeks, respectively. Meanwhile, non-equivalent effects (equivalent to no treatment) of non-quinolone antibiotics (with or without steroids) compared to no drug and antiseptic treatments were more mixed, changing over time. Evidence regarding safety was generally weak. Further trials should clarify non-aquatic antibiotic effects, assess longer-term outcomes (for resolution, healing, hearing, or complications) and include further safety assessments, particularly to clarify the risks of ototoxicity and whether quinsolones may result in fewer adverse events than other topical treatments.
We included 21 studies with a total of 6253 participants in this review. Studies were conducted from 1974 to 2011. Most studies did not report study methods sufficiently and many had high applicability concerns. We found that FRS correctly identifies people with schizophrenia 75% to 95% of the time. The use of FRS to diagnose schizophrenia will lead to around five to 19 people in every 100 who have FRS being wrongly diagnosed as having FRS. These people will still merit assessment and help, but will not be able to receive appropriate treatment. In addition, FRS will wrongly diagnose around 40% of people who will be considered to have schizophrenia. Some of these people may be delayed in getting appropriate treatment, while others, whom specialists will consider to be having schizophrenia, could be discharged from care early if triage relies on the presence of the FRS test. We hope that newer FRS tests - to be included in future Cochrane reviews - will be of better quality.
We included 10 studies in this review, of which 5 were new to this update. There were 2003 participants in the 9 educational interventions and 44 in the 1 psychological study. All studies were conducted in primary-care settings. The evidence is current to September 2016. We found that there is limited evidence of the effectiveness of educational and psychological interventions in helping to manage the condition of atopic eczema in children. However, there is some evidence from included paediatric studies using different educational intervention delivery models (multiprofessional (where one or more of the interventions are delivered by a doctor, nurse, or dermatologist) and nurse-led clinics) that these may lead to improvements in disease severity and quality of life. The largest and most robust study (n = 992) demonstrated significant reduction in disease and quality-of-life, in both nurse- and dermatologist-led intervention groups. It provided six standardised, age-appropriate group education sessions. Improvements in objective severity using the SCORAD clinical tool were recorded for all intervention groups when compared with controls. In three of five studies, which could not be combined because of their heterogeneity, the objective SCORad measure was statistically significantly better in the intervention group compared with the usual care groups. In all of the above studies, the confidence interval limits do not exceed the minimum clinically important difference of 8.2 for the objectiveSCORAD measure. Parents of children aged 8 to 12 years experienced significantly better improvements in their children on 3 of the 5 subscales of the German 'Quality of life in parents of children with atopic dermatitis' questionnaire, a validated tool with five subscales. The inclusion of new studies has not substantially altered the conclusions from the original review. The educational studies in both in the original and this update lack detail about intervention design and do not use a complex interventions framework. Few use an explicit theoretical base, and the components of each intervention are not sufficiently well described to allow replication.
This review included 14 trials with a total of 7753 participants. There was some moderate quality evidence that HBOT was more likely to achieve mucosal coverage with osteoradionecrosis (ORN) in people with LRTI. However, there was no evidence of any important clinical effect on neurological tissues. HBOT also appears to reduce the chance of ORN following tooth extraction in an irradiated field. From single studies there was a significantly increased chance of improvement or cure following HBOT for radiation proctitis (RR 1.72; 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.0 to 2.9, P value = 0.04, NNTB 5), and following both surgical flaps and hemimandibulectomy, and there was also a significantly improved probability of healing irradiated tooth sockets following dental extraction. These trials did not report adverse events. The application of HBOT to selected participants and tissues may be justified. Further research is required to establish the optimum participant selection and timing of any therapy. An economic evaluation should be undertaken.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 2961 surgeons performing an operation. Four studies focused on abdominal closure, two on caesarean section, two vaginal repair, and two hip replacement. On average, a surgeon that used sharp needles sustained one glove perforation in three operations. The use of blunt needles was found to reduce the risk of one hand-wound by 0.46 compared to sharp needles. In four studies, the use of a blunt needle reduced the number of needle stick injuries. In five out of six studies, their use was rated as more difficult but still acceptable. The quality of the evidence was high.
The review includes seven randomised trials involving 422 participants. The size of the included studies was between 20 and 157 participants. These trials lasted between four and 52 weeks. The results did not show a difference between trifluoperazine and low-potency drugs in terms of response to treatment. There was also no difference in acceptability of the treatment. However, there was a higher rate of movement disorders in the group receiving the drug. No data were available for other outcomes of interest, such as death, sedation and quality of life. The number of trials as well as the quality of the trials was low, so more trials would be needed. The quality of evidence ranged from moderate to very low.
We found nine randomised controlled trials including 593 preterm infants. These trials compared feeding in response to feeding and feeding cues with feeding at scheduled intervals. The trials were small and contained some weaknesses in their methods. The evidence is up to date as of September 2014. The results of the trials suggest that infants fed on a cue to eat earlier than infants fed prescribed volumes of formula at scheduled times have slightly slower rates of weight gain. However, the trials did not find a strong or consistent effect on the duration of hospitalisation. None of the included trials reported any parent, caregiver, or staff views. Overall, the data do not provide strong evidence that responsive feeding affects important outcomes for preterm babies or their families. A large, well-designed randomised trial would be needed to confirm this finding and to determine if responsive feeding has an effect on other important outcomes.
This review identified two randomised trials with a total of 161 participants. One trial showed that folic acid and 5-methyltetrahydrofolate (5-MTHF) may improve ankle brachial index (ABI) when compared with placebo. However, the second trial showed no difference in ABI between the two groups. No major events were reported. The studies did not report on mortality and rate of limb loss. Currently, no recommendation can be made about the value of treatment of high blood levels of hyperhomocysteine in peripheral arterial disease. Further, well-designed trials are urgently required. This plain language summary has been written by a consumer Ben Gray, Senior Peer Researcher, McPin Foundation. http://mcpin.org/
We included two studies in this review. One study compared the impact of capitation payments with fee-for-service payments. The other study compared a parallel group design with a three-year group design. Both studies were conducted in the four most deprived areas of Scotland. The authors of the study found that the capitation payment led to an increase in the number of primary care dentists who carried out dental treatments. However, the study did not report data on the use of health service services, patient outcomes or costs. The study also found that dentists tended to see their patients less frequently and to carry out less fillings and extractions, but they tended to give more preventive advice. In the second study, the authors found no difference between the two groups of dentists in terms of the amount of money they spent on services. There was no information on the costs of the different methods of payment. We judged the risk of bias to be high for both studies. The overall quality of the evidence was low/very low. This means that the results may not be reliable. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found 21 randomised controlled trials involving over 17,000 women and their babies. Trials were generally at low risk of bias. One trial did not contribute data. Zinc supplementation resulted in a small reduction in preterm birth, but not a reduction in numbers of babies with low birthweight. No clear difference was seen between the zinc and no zinc groups for any of the other outcomes for the mother or her baby. No differences were seen in the subgroups of women with low zinc levels or in women who complied with their treatment, versus those who did not. The evidence for a 14% relative reduction in the number of preterm births for zinc compared with placebo was of moderate quality. This was mainly due to trials involving women from poor backgrounds. There was no convincing evidence that zinc supplementation during pregnancy results in other useful and important benefits. Since the preterm association could well be due to poor diets, studies to address ways of improving the overall nutritional status of populations in poor countries should be an urgent priority.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 1656 participants. All trials used probiotics as an adjuvant treatment to antifungal drugs. Probiotics increased the rate of short-term cure and the relapse rate at one month. However, this effect did not translate into a higher rate of long-term mycological cure or relapse. There was no increase in the frequency of serious or non-serious side effects. We found no RCTs for outcomes such as the time to first relapse, need for additional treatment at the end of treatment, patient satisfaction and cost effectiveness. There is a need for well-designed RCTS with standard methods, longer follow-up and larger sample size.
We included seven randomised controlled trials (involving 696 women) in the review. The trials were conducted in different countries. Two trials were from Germany and Italy, which are high-income countries, while four were from middle- and upper-middle income countries; two were from Iran, one from Turkey, and the seventh was from Jordan. In six trials all the participants met the inclusion criteria, and in the seventh, we included only the subgroup of participants who met our inclusion criteria. We assessed the body of evidence for the main outcomes using the GRADE tool. We found that progestogens probably reduce the risk of miscarriage when compared to placebo or no treatment. We also found that treatment with oral progestogen compared to no treatment probably has little or no effect on the rate of preterm birth. We are not sure if treatment with the use of progestogenic drugs has any effect on preterm births. The quality of the evidence was very low. The evidence on the number of babies with abnormal growths or abnormalities is uncertain, because the quality of evidence was based on only two small trials with only a few events and was found to be low.
We found five studies that compared laser photocoagulation with no treatment or deferred treatment. Three studies were conducted in the USA, one in the UK and one in Japan. These studies included a total of 4786 people with diabetic retina. The majority of people in four of these studies were people with proliferative retinopathy, and one study included people with non-retinopathy. The evidence is current to September 2014. The studies were of moderate or low quality. There was little difference between the eyes that received laser treatment and those that received no treatment in terms of visual acuity at 12 months, but one study found a 20% reduction in risk of loss of 15 or more letters of vision at five years with laser treatment. Treatment with laser reduced the risk of severe visual loss by over 50% at one year, and there was a beneficial effect on progression of diabetic retinitis pigmentosa by 50% in the treated eyes. The risk of vitreous haemorrhage was similar in both treated and untreated eyes. None of the studies reported near vision acuity or patient-relevant outcomes such as quality of life, pain, loss of driving licence or adverse effects such as retinal detachment. We did not plan any subgroup analyses, but we could not do a formal subgroup analysis because the treatment and control groups were different and no study attempted to produce a sham treatment. We judged the evidence to be of moderate to low quality, depending on the outcome. This is partly related to reporting of trials conducted many years ago, after which panretinal photocomponent photocortical treatment has become the mainstay of treatment of proliferative retina. Future Cochrane Reviews on variations in the laser treatment protocol are planned. Future studies should investigate the combination of laser treatment with newer treatments such as anti-vascular endothelial growth factors (anti-VEGFs).
We included two trials involving 269 participants. The trials were conducted in China and Italy. The participants were mostly men (67%), and the average age of the participants was 65 years. Both trials compared CPAP or NPPV with oxygen therapy. We judged both trials at high risk of bias. Compared to oxygen therapy, CPAP may reduce the rate of tracheal intubation. There was insufficient evidence to be certain that CPAP had an effect on leakage of the airway (pneumothorax) or pneumonia. We found that the intervention may reduce ICU length of stay. We did not find any difference in the number of deaths. Findings from one trial (60 participants) suggested that bilevel nPPV may improve blood gas levels and blood pH levels one hour after the intervention. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. The evidence is up-to-date as of August 2018.
We included four trials involving 388 women that were judged to be of unclear to high risk of bias overall. Three trials compared diazepam with an alternative anaesthetic (ketamine), vinydan-ether, and spinal analgesia. One trial compared lignocaine with a nerve block. The trials were too small to be able to pool their results. There was insufficient evidence to be sure that any particular analgesic agent is most effective in relieving pain during forceps birth. No trials reported on the review's other main outcomes, which were serious maternal adverse effects or complications, and death of the mother or her baby. No significant differences were seen for the few neonatal outcomes that were reported for any of the comparisons.
We included 15 studies with a total of 1048 participants. Most of the studies were from India, followed by Europe and the United States. The majority of participants were adults of both sexes, with mild to moderate asthma. The studies included people with asthma for six months to more than 23 years. Interventions lasted from two weeks to 54 months. Five studies included yoga breathing alone. The other studies assessed yoga interventions that included breathing, posture, and meditation. Most studies were conducted in India. We found that yoga probably leads to small improvements in lung function, symptoms, and medication use. There was some evidence that yoga may lead to better quality of life, but it is not clear whether yoga leads to better symptoms. We also found no evidence of a difference in the amount of air that people breathe when they do yoga. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for most of the outcomes. There is more uncertainty about the effects of yoga and its impact on lung function and asthma symptoms. No serious adverse events were reported.
We included 10 trials (249 participants) in this review. Seven of the 10 trials assessed single agents, and 3 assessed combined agents. Many of the studies did not present adequate data for the reporting of the primary outcome of the review. We assessed six of the nine trials as having very low-quality evidence. We found that interferon beta-1a and MTX had no effect on the progression of IBM. Three trials (n = 78) compared IVIg (combined in one trial with prednisone) to a dummy drug. We were unable to combine the results of these trials because of differences in the way the trials were analysed. We also found that MTX did not arrest or slow the disease progression. Trials of ATG combined with MTX versus MTX, and azathioprine (AZA) plus MTX (MTX) compared to MTX plus AZA, did not allow us to report on the percentage change in muscle strength scores. We could not combine the data of oxandrolone (a drug used to treat MS) and AZA (a medicine used for the treatment of MS) because we did not have access to the data. None of the trials included prespecified criteria for significant side effects. We need more trials that are larger, longer, and that use well-valid, standardised, and responsive outcome measures.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 3144 participants. We found that linezolid was more effective than vancomycin for treating people with SSTIs, including SSTI caused by MRSA. There were fewer incidents of red man syndrome, pruritus, and rash in the people treated with the drug compared with the people who received the drug intravenously. The length of stay in hospital was shorter for those in the lineZolid group than for those receiving the drug orally. The cost of treatment was less for people treated by oral than with intravenous vancomedine. There was no difference in all-cause deaths between people in the two groups. The available evidence is at high risk of bias and is based on studies that were supported by the pharmaceutical company that makes the drug. Further well-designed, independently-funded, RCTs are needed to confirm the available evidence. No new trials were identified for this first update.
We included eight randomised controlled trials with a total of 512 participants in this review. The evidence is current to August 2016. The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, Italy, and the UK. We found no relevant differences in mortality, morbidity, and survival between the two operations. Postoperative mortality, overall survival, and morbidity showed no significant differences, except of delayed gastric emptying, which significantly favoured CW. Furthermore, we noted that operating time, intraoperative blood loss, and red blood cell transfusion were significantly reduced in the PPW group. All significant results were associated with low-quality evidence based on GRADE (Grades of Recommendation, Assessment, Development and Evaluation) criteria. Given obvious clinical and methodological heterogeneity, future high-quality RCTs of complex surgical interventions based on well-defined outcome parameters are required.
Six randomised controlled trials involving 1862 participants were included. The effect of calcium channel blockers on the risk of death in a subgroup of patients with bleeding in the brain was reported. The pooled odds ratio (OR) for the five studies was 0.91. For the five RCTs, the pooled OR 0.97 (95% CI 0.81 to 1.18). The pooled OR for the two studies which reported death in patients with haemorrhage was 59. In the three studies reporting death and severe disability as an outcome, there was no difference between groups. The risk of dying from any cause was reported in five of the six studies. In two of these studies, the risk was reported to be the same as in the other two studies. Three of the studies reported death or severe disability, and this was the same in both groups. This review shows that there is still considerable uncertainty about the effects of these drugs. The use of nimodipine in a group of brain injury patients who have bleeding in their brain shows a beneficial effect, though there is an increase in adverse reactions to the drug. This may mean that the drug is harmful for some patients.
We included four randomised controlled trials with a total of 3090 participants. Three trials were considered to have a relatively low risk of bias. One trial was considered to be at a high risk. When survival to hospital discharge was compared, 38 of 320 (11.88%) people survived to discharge in the initial CPR plus delayed defibrillation group compared with 39 of 338 people (12.54%) in the immediate defibrillation group. When we compared the neurological outcome at hospital discharge, the rate of return of spontaneous circulation (ROSC) and survival at one year (low-quality evidence), we could not rule out the superiority of either treatment. Adverse effects were not associated with either intervention. Owing to the low quality of available evidence, we have been unable to determine conclusively whether the two approaches to initial CPR and one and one-half to three minutes of CPR as initial therapy have similar effects on rates of return to spontaneous circulation, survival to discharge or neurological insult. We have also not been able to conclude whether either treatment approach provides a degree of superiority in OHCA. We propose that this is an area that needs further rigorous research through additional high-quality RCTs, including larger sample sizes and proper subgroup analysis.
The review of trials found that there is insufficient evidence to support the routine use of any of these interventions in IVF. There is a need for more research in this area. Three trials were eligible for inclusion. The review found that the number of oocytes retrieved was less in the GnRHa long protocol group compared to the stop protocol and GnRH antagonist group. The total dose of gonadotrophins used was significantly higher. Cancellation rate was higher in the group of women who had a flare up of their ovarian symptoms. None of the studies reported a difference in the miscarriage and ectopic pregnancy rate. There was no evidence that any of the interventions had an effect on live birth rates. More research is needed.
We found 53 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into treatment groups) that looked at the effects of family intervention for people with schizophrenia. We found that family intervention may help reduce the number of people who relapse (reoccurrence of symptoms) and hospital admissions. Family intervention may also help people to take their medication more often, and may encourage people to comply with their medication. It seems to improve the level of expressed emotion and general social impairment. We did not find any evidence that it either prevents or promotes suicide. However, the quality of the trials was poor, and the results may be over-estimated. More research is needed to confirm these findings.
We identified three randomized controlled trials with 263 participants. All three trials examined the treatment of symptomatic in-stent restenosis within the femoropopliteal arteries. Two of the three trials were industry sponsored. The trials used drug-eluting balloons that contained paclitaxel, a drug that blocks the growth of blood clots in the arteries. These trials were carried out in Germany and Austria and used the drug-enriched balloon drug as the agent in the drugs. Most participants were followed up to 12 months, but one trial followed participants for up to 24 months. We found no clear difference in risk of amputation between DEBs and uncoated balloons. DEBs showed better outcomes for the following outcomes: target lesion revascularization (removal of the stent and replacement of the balloon with a new balloon) and binary (the balloon is placed in a different part of the artery). Participants treated with DEBs also showed improvement of one or more Rutherford categories at six and 12 months. There were no clear differences in the risk of death between the two groups. The certainty of the evidence was very low due to the small number of studies and participants and the high risk of bias in the study design.
We included seven trials with a total of 922 participants. Trials ranged from 32 to 242 participants. We found that corticosteroids reduced the subsequent occurrence of coronary artery abnormalities, time for blood tests to normalise, and length of hospital stay. We also found that steroids reduced fever, rash, and the time taken for tests to return to normal. We did not find data on the incidence of adverse effects. Evidence was considered to be of high quality for all outcomes. Evidence quality was graded according to the GRADE system. This means that the true effect is likely to be close to what was estimated. There were insufficient data on adverse effects due to steroids, mortality and long-term (> 1 year) coronary heart problems. Certain groups, including those based in Asia, those with higher risk scores, and those who receive longer steroids, may benefit from steroid use, especially with lower rates of heart problems, but more tests are needed to answer these questions.
We included eight studies comprising 846 randomised participants. Four studies compared PIP with control groups only. Two of these studies included control groups in addition to an alternative treatment group. The studies included women with postpartum depression, anxiety or insecure attachment, maltreated, and prison populations. We assessed the quality of the evidence as low or very low for all outcomes. We found that PIP is more effective than control groups for the following outcomes: parental depression, parent-child interaction, infant attachment, infant behaviour, and infant development. There was no difference between PIP and control in any of these outcomes. There were improvements favouring PIP in the proportion of infants who were securely attached to their parents, and an increase in the number of infants moving from insecure to secure attachment. Where we downgraded the evidence, it was because we found there was risk of bias in the way the studies were designed or executed. The included studies were small, and involved relatively few participants.
We found one new included study in this updated version. In total, our updated review includes 11 trials (with 753 participants). We found no convincing evidence that giving extra oxygen to healthy term pregnant women during an elective caesarean section under anaesthesia is either beneficial or harmful for either the mother or the foetus. The low quality of evidence showed no differences in Apgar scores at one minute (N = 6 trials, 519 women) and at five minutes (n = 519 participants). None of the 11 trials reported on the need for the mother to reduce the baby's oxygen level. The very low quality evidence showed that in comparison to room air, women in labour who received extra oxygen had higher oxygen saturation, maternal PaO2, maternal UaPO2 (foetal umbilical arterial blood) and UvPO2, which is a measure of blood oxygenation. There was high variability in the results of the studies. Although, there were significant higher blood gas values and markers of free radicals in the mother and her baby, the results should be interpreted with caution due to the low grade of the evidence.
We included twelve studies with a total of 2196 participants in this review. We found that reminder packaging increased the percentage of pills taken by 11% (range 6% to 17%). Notable heterogeneity occurred among these trials (I2 = 96.3%). Two trials provided data for the proportion of patients who were self-reported to be adherent, reporting that a reduction in the intervention group was not significant. We also looked at blood pressure measurements, and found that the use of reminder packaging improved diastolic blood pressure by 5.89 mmHg. No effect was seen on systolic (lower blood pressure). We also conducted a meta-analysis on data from two trials that looked at change in glycated haemoglobin (a marker of blood glucose) levels, which showed that the presence of a reminder packaging aid resulted in a reduction of 1.01 points (range 2.22 to 0.20) in the systol blood pressure group. We did not find any evidence of an effect on blood sugar levels. No data were available for the other outcomes, which included serum vitamin C and E levels, and psychological symptoms. We summarised the results of these studies using a format similar to the one used in our review, so that we could combine the results. In one study, reminder packaging aids were found to be preferred by patients with low literacy levels. We conclude that reminder packing may represent a simple method for improving adherence. Further research is needed to improve the design and targeting of these devices.
We identified 15 randomised clinical trials evaluating 11 different drugs. All trials had high risk of bias. There were no differences between the groups in mortality, liver failure, or perioperative complications. The trimetazidine group had a shorter hospital stay than control. The dextrose group had similar rates of ischaemia. However, there was no difference in any of the outcomes in the other comparisons. Methylprednisolone, methylprednisoleone, and deextrose may protect against ischaemic reperfusion injury in elective liver resections performed under vascular occlusion, but this is shown in trials with small sample sizes and high risk-bias. The use of these drugs should be restricted to well-designed clinical trials before implementing them in clinical practice.
We included 61 studies in this review. These studies included 13,327 participants of interest, of whom at least 4499 underwent renal function testing. The evidence is current to September 2015. The studies were diverse in terms of the type of kidney disease, the types of cancer, the treatments received and the duration of follow-up. We could not combine the results of the studies because the studies were so different. The majority of studies reported the occurrence of adverse renal effects, which ranged from 0% to 84%. This variation may be due to differences in the type and duration of treatment, the treatment combination, the way the study was carried out and the quality of the evidence. Seven out of 52 studies, including 244 participants, reported the prevalence of chronic kidney disease. Of these 52, 36 studied a decreased (estimated) blood pressure, including at least 432 CCS, and found it was present in between 0% and 73.7% of participants. One eligible study reported an increased risk of glomerular dysfunction after concomitant treatment with aminoglycosides and vancomycin in CCS receiving total body irradiation (TBI). Four non-eligible studies assessing a total cohort of CCS found nephrectomy and (high-dose (HD) ifosfamide as risk factors for decreased blood pressure. In addition, two non- eligible studies showed an association of a longer time period with a decreased kidney function. Twenty-two studies studied proteinuria, which was found in between 13.2% and 28.6% of people. Both non- and eligible studies investigating risk factors identified cisplatin as a risk factor. Carboplatin, nehnrectomy, abdominal radiotherapy and long follow up time were other reported risk factors. The prevalence of hypertension ranged from 1% to 50% in 30/52 studies. Risk factors reported by one eligible study were older age at screening and abdominal radiation. A non-qualified study also
The review of trials found that two phytomedicines Niprisan® (Nicosan®) and Cajanus cajan (Ciklavit®) may be effective in reducing severe painful sickle cell disease crises. However, the quality of evidence was low. No serious side effects were reported. Further trials are needed to assess its role in managing sickle cells.
We included three studies involving 1999 participants. Two trials compared standard treatment (chemotherapy plus radiotherapy) with PET-adapted therapy (treatment with radiation only) in individuals with HL and a negative PET scan. The third trial was more complex. Participants with HL with early-stage HL were divided into those who had a positive or negative prognosis. They were then randomised to receive either PET-based or standard treatment. The results of the studies were not reported. One study reported no deaths. The other two studies reported two deaths in people receiving PET- adapted therapy, and two in people who received standard therapy. We found that progression-free survival was shorter in people with HL who were given PET-protective therapy (with or without radiotherapy), than in those who were treated with radiotherapy alone. This difference was also seen in comparisons of people receiving no additional radiotherapy, and in those receiving chemotherapy but no treatment with no radiotherapy. The quality of the evidence was very low. We judged the overall potential risk of bias as moderate. The studies did not report blinding, so it is likely that there was no blinding. One of the three studies was published in an abstract form only, so we were not able to assess the quality of this. The evidence is up-to-date as of September 2014. We could not combine the results of all three studies, but we found that PFS was shorter for people with early HL and negative PET scans receiving PET therapy (alone or in combination with chemotherapy only) than for people receiving radiotherapy only. However, it is uncertain whether this PFS advantage translates into an overall survival benefit. It is also uncertain whether PET-positive individuals benefit from PET-treatment adaptation and the effect of such an approach in those with advanced HL. No data on adverse events were reported in any of the trials. To date, no robust data on OS, response rate, TRM, quality of life and short- and long
We found 31 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared different types of birth control pills, injectables, vaginal rings, and implants. Twenty-one trials compared combined oral contraceptive pills (COCs) with a placebo (dummy pill) or with no active treatment; others compared different COCs, progestin-only pills, injections, and vaginal rings. None included a placebo. Of 34 comparisons, eight had any notable difference between groups in an outcome. Where data could not be combined, single studies showed lower mean fasting glucose and higher means for two-hour glucose response. Twelve trials studied desogestrel-containing pills, and the few differences were inconsistent. Three trials examined the etonogestr ('dummy') vaginal ring, and one looked at an implant. The ring group had lower mean AUC insulin than the group with a levonorgestrel COC. One trial showed the ring had lower AUC AUC and higher AUC glucose. Of eight trials of norethisterone preparations, five compared pills and three compared injectables. In a COC trial, a group with an injectable pill had a lower mean change in glucose two hours after taking the pill than a group using a pill containing a different hormone, but the obese and normal weight women did not differ significantly. Two trials compared extended versus conventional (cyclic) regimens. With a dienogest COC, an extended-use group had greater average change in AUC (a measure of glucose) than a conventional group. One showed the group using nomegestrel acetate plus 17β-estradiol had lower means for incremental AUC blood glucose and glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) (a measurement of blood sugar). One showed a smaller mean change of glucose in the lower-dose group, but there was no difference between the groups. Only one small trial stratified the groups
We included 10 studies in this review. Nine studies (549 participants) evaluated the effects of exercise on pain, physical function and quality of life. Five studies (419 participants) assessed pain and physical function. Five of the 10 studies only recruited people with symptomatic hip OA. One study (130 participants) only recruited participants with knee OA, and the other five studies did not provide enough data for us to be able to evaluate the risk of bias. We found that exercise can reduce pain, improve physical function, and reduce pain at least three to six months after the end of treatment. Pain was reduced by 8 points on a 0- to 100-point scale (0 was no pain) in people who had an exercise programme compared with those who did not. The improvement in pain was sustained up to three months after stopping the exercise programme. The quality of the evidence was low for pain intensity, and low for quality oflife. There was no significant difference in pain or physical function outcomes between people with hip or knee pain compared with five studies recruiting participants with hip and knee pain. Of the five studies reporting adverse events, each study reported only one or two events and all were related to increased pain attributed to the exercise programmes. The results of these 10 studies demonstrated that land-based therapeutic exercise programmes can reduce the pain and improve the physical function of people with symptoms of symptomatic OA after treatment. However, the results may be vulnerable to bias as none of the RCTs were able to blind participants to the type of treatment they were receiving and, while most of the studies reported blinded outcome assessment, participants self reported their pain, pain and other physical function measures.
This review of trials found that exercise therapy can be beneficial for people with MS, but there is a need for more research in this field. There is an urgent need for consensus on a core set of outcomes that should be used in these trials. In addition, these studies should experimentally control for 'dose' of treatment, type of MS and should include enough contrast between the treatment groups.
Only one randomised clinical trial was included in this review. The trial included 75 participants (average age: 43 years; females: 65% of the participants). The trial randomised people with biliary colic to early laparoscopic (less than 24 hours) cholecystectomy or delayed (4.2 months after diagnosis) laparoscopically. There were no deaths in the early group. There was no bile duct injury (bile ducts were not blocked) in either group. The other outcomes were not reported. This trial did not report quality of life or return to work. The number of participants who developed complications during the waiting period was similar between the groups. The complications that the participants suffered included pancreatitis (n = 1), empyema (worsening of the gallbladder), perforation (wound in the gallbronchus), acute (in one case), acute and chronic (cholangitis) gallbladders (in two cases), obstructive jaundice (jaundice), and recurrent (requiring hospital visits) of bile colic. All of these complications occurred in the delayed group as all the participants were operated on within 24 hours of diagnosis. The proportion of people who developed serious adverse events was significantly lower than in the earlier group (9/40 (22.5%) compared with 6/35 or 17.1%). There was a statistically significant shorter hospital stay (1.25 days) and shorter operating time (14.80 minutes) in the later group (18.02 to -11.58 minutes) compared with the delayed groups. Based on evidence from only one high-bias risk trial, it appears that early (after the diagnosis of a biliary colonic) surgery decreases the morbidity during waiting period, the hospital stay, and the operating time. Further randomised trials are necessary to confirm or refute these findings, and to determine if early lap
We included 11 trials in this review. Seven of these trials provided evidence for the main comparison and the primary outcome and these were pooled. Overall, long-term antibiotic prophylaxis reduced the risk of SSI by 76% to a 0.26% in people with SSI. There is uncertainty surrounding the effect of a single short-term dose of antibiotics. There was no information on adverse effects associated with the drugs in those trials that reported this outcome. None of the trials assessed or reported data on other outcomes, and we were not able to show whether one specific antibiotic was better than any other. The quality of the evidence was rated as moderate for most of the outcomes.
We found one study, involving 40 infants and 42 women. The trial was too small to detect clinically important differences between the two policies. There were no significant benefits or harms of elective preterm birth at 36 weeks' gestation for babies with gastroschisis. There was a difference in gestational age at birth (35.8 weeks (SD 0.7) in the elective group, and 36.7 (SD 1.5) in both groups) between the groups. This review is not able to draw any firm conclusions on the benefits and harms of preterm births for babies born to women who have stomach problems. It is not possible to say whether the intervention is beneficial or harmful for these babies or their mothers. Only one small trial is included. Further research is needed in this area.
We found three studies in adults, lasting up to one week. All three studies used paracetamol as an addition to established treatment with strong painkillers. One study was a parallel-group, and two had a cross-over design. We found no studies in children. All studies were at high risk of bias for incomplete outcome data and small numbers of participants. There was no convincing evidence to support or refute the use of paracetamic drugs for the first two steps of the three-step WHO cancer pain ladder. None of the studies reported pain reduction of at least 50%, and at least 30%, from baseline. There were no clear differences in the number of people with pain that was no worse than mild at the end of treatment. What pain reports there were indicated no difference in pain relief when added to another painkiller. We could not find convincing evidence of any difference in the effect on quality of life, use of other painkillers, or patient satisfaction or choice of medication. Measures of harm (serious side effects, other adverse events, and withdrawal due to lack of efficacy) were inconsistent. We rated the quality of evidence as very low for all outcomes, because of the small number of included studies, incomplete data, and small sample sizes.
This review of 15 randomised controlled trials found that there were not enough data to confidently inform clinical practice. The quality of the studies was poor. The trials were conducted in China and in hospitals. Most of the trials were of poor quality. The drugs tested were antimuscarinics, propantheline, doxepin and oryzanol. There were no trials of Chinese medicines. There was some evidence that a stemizole (a drug taken by mouth) was better than placebo (dummy treatment), but the dose of astemizole was too high and the drug can cause side effects. The other drugs tested in this review were the Chinese herbs suo quo wan (spicebush root, chamomile, Chinese yam, bitter cardamom) and the rice bran oil extract. The results of these trials were not of high quality. There is a need for more well designed trials. Some may be underway.
We included six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 195 participants with MS. Two RCTs investigated inspiratory muscle training with a threshold device; three RCTS, expiratory muscle strength training with threshold device, and one RCT, regular breathing exercises. Eighteen participants (˜ 10%) dropped out. The quality of the evidence was low for all outcomes. We found low-quality evidence that people with MS with mild to moderate MS who received a training session with a resistive muscle training device had better inspiratory pressure than people who received no training. However, we did not find any evidence of a difference between the two groups in terms of fatigue. We could not combine the results of the trials because of the small number of studies and participants. We did not have enough data to be able to determine whether there were any side effects. It was not possible to pool the data from the trials for side effects, but no serious side effects were reported. We were unable to perform a meta-analysis for all but one outcome. We judged the quality of evidence to be low because of limitations in the design of the studies, imprecision of the results, and the low number of people included in the studies.
This review included one randomised controlled trial (RCT) with 38 women (41 pregnancies) and 26 women (28 pregnancies) randomised. This RCT compared betamethasone (1.5 mg/day) with placebo (no medication) for treating ITP during pregnancy. The RCT did not show any difference in the risk of ITP in the newborn baby. Maternal death, perinatal deaths, postpartum haemorrhage, neonatal bleeding, and neonatal intracranial bleeding were not studied by this RCT. There is not enough evidence to support the use of betametasone for ITP. This review identified the need for well-designed, well-conducted trials on medical treatments for this condition. These trials should test a number of important outcomes for the mother, her baby, or both.
We found two completed studies, with a total of 111 participants, conducted in Iran. Participants had moderate to severe keratoconus pre-operatively, and were randomly assigned to receive either DALK or DALK. One eye of each participant was treated as part of the trials. For the larger study, four DALK surgeries had to be abandoned due to technical failure. The remaining 77 participants were treated for at least three months. Follow-up length for the remaining 77 patients ranged from 6.8 to 36.4 months. The smaller study had 12 month follow-up for all participants. The results of the smaller study were not available for this review and so we could not be sure if the results from this study affected the results of this review. Neither of the two studies reported a difference between groups on any of the measures of post-graft vision, risk of rejection or failure, and risk of other adverse events. A single case of graft failure in a DALK graft was reported. No postoperative graft failure was reported in the DALK group of either study. In both studies, graft rejection was more likely to occur following DALK than DALK surgery. We found no evidence of a difference in outcomes with regards to BCVA at three months after the graft was taken out of the cornea (very low). We also found no difference in outcome measures of graft survival, final UCVA or keratometric outcomes. The data, which related to all cases in each study - given that the four cases that did not go ahead as planned had already failed without the need for rejection (technically), showed that DALK was less likely to have rejection episodes. However, it is still difficult to draw conclusions regarding which technique is better for graft failure. DALK is not completed as planned in four cases, and in three cases, complications during dissection of the graft required further treatment. Other adverse events, of varying severity, were reported in both intervention groups.
We included 67 randomised controlled trials (from 76 reports), recruiting 8506 women. The number of women included in analyses varied greatly, with the largest number (6861 women) being the largest. Women receiving iron were less likely to be anaemic at the end of the intervention and had a higher haemoglobin concentration. They also had a lower risk of iron deficiency. Women who took iron were more likely to have abdominal pain, loose stools/diarrhoea, and constipation. Women taking iron had more side effects than women who did not. Five studies recruiting 521 women found an increased risk of gastrointestinal side effects. Seven studies recruiting 901 women did not find any evidence of an increase in side effects from iron supplements. Eight studies recruiting 1214 women found no evidence of a higher risk of nausea or abdominal pain in women randomised to iron. Evidence that iron improves cognitive function in women is uncertain, as studies could not be combined and individual studies had conflicting results. Iron supplementation appears to improve exercise performance and reduce fatigue. The quality of the evidence was high for the main outcome of haemochemistry, which is a measure of blood red blood cell levels, and moderate for the other outcomes. The evidence on side effects was of moderate or high quality.
This review included five studies with a total of 1,726 patients. The review found that there was no overall survival benefit of combination treatment with the drugs irinotecan and fluoropyrimidine. However, this result may be due to findings from a single first-line treatment study. There was no reduction in the risk of death due to any cause. Longer progression-free survival was observed in those treated with the combination chemotherapy. There were higher risks of toxicity outcomes grade 3 or 4 diarrhoea and grade 1 or 2 alopecia, and a lower risk of grade 2 or 3 neutropenia in the combination group. Evidence for side effects was assessed as low to moderate quality.
The review of trials found that a transverse or oblique incision is less likely to rupture (wound dehiscence/incisional hernia) and may be less painful. There was no difference seen in the number of other early or late post-operative complications and recovery times. However, the transverse incision may look better. The use of analgesic drugs (such as codeine) may be reduced but this does not seem to be significant clinically. The risk of wound rupture was reduced with the use of transverse/oblique incisions. The results of this review should be treated with caution. The best incision for abdominal surgery is still the choice of the surgeon.
We included a total of nine RCTs (981 participants) in this review. Five studies were conducted in Europe and four in North America. The mean age across trials ranged between 32.0 and 43.7 years. In MBR compared to usual care, individuals receiving MBR had less pain and less disability, and were more likely to return to work. However, when comparing MBR to other treatments (i.e. brief intervention with features from a light program and a graded activity program, functional restoration, and brief clinical intervention, such as education and advice on exercise, and counselling), we found no difference in pain, functional disability, or time away from work. No adverse events were reported. On average, people with subacute LBP who receive MBR will do better than if they receive their usual care but it is not clear whether MBR is better than some other type of treatment. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. More high-quality trials are needed before we can describe the value of MBP for people with LBP.
We included 18 trials reporting on 4843 participants in this review. The evidence is current to August 2018. Bisphosphonates probably decrease the number of skeletal-related events and disease progression in men with bone metastases from prostate cancer. Bisplatin-like drugs probably reduce the incidence of bone fractures and probably reduce progression of disease in men. We found no clear difference in the proportion of men with pain response between bisphosphinates and control regimens in men who had bone cancer metastatic to bone. We were unable to extract any quantitative data for meta-analysis (combining of results from different trials). We found that there may be no difference between the two groups of men in terms of quality of life and pain, but there was a small number of participants with osteonecrosis of the jaw (joint scarring) between groups. We did not find any clear difference between groups in the percentage of participants who had decreased analgesic consumption. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for the outcomes of pain response, disease progression, death, bone fractures, and bone mineral density. We judged the quality of evidence to be moderate for the outcome quality of pain and adverse events, and low for adverse events.
We included five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 1093 patients in this review. Four trials compared HDT + ASCT with chemotherapy or immuno-chemotherapy and one trial compared the two approaches in patients with relapsed FL. The quality of the five trials is judged to be moderate. All trials were reported to be randomised, which means that participants are not aware of which treatment they are receiving. The evidence is up-to-date as of September 2014. We found a statistically significant increased progression-free survival (PFS) in previously untreated patients in the HDT+ASCT arm. However, this effect was not transferred into an OS advantage. The subgroup of trials adding rituximab to both intervention arms (one trial) confirms these results and the trial had to be stopped early after an interim analysis due to a significant PFS advantage in theHDT +ASCT group. In the four trials in patients previously untreated, there were no statistically significant differences in terms of OS, TRM and secondary cancers. Adverse events were rarely reported and were observed more frequently in patients undergoing HDT plus ASCT (mostly infections and haematological toxicity). In one trial, there is some evidence (one study, involving 70 patients) that HDT is advantageous in the terms of PFS and OS in relapsed patients. For this trial, no results were reported for TRM, adverse events or other cancers. In summary, the currently available evidence suggests a strong PFS benefit for HDT and ASCT compared with chemotherapy and immunosuppressive therapy in patients treated with FL. Further trials evaluating this approach are needed to determine this effect more precisely. Moreover, longer follow-up data are necessary to find out whether this benefit translates into a significant OS advantage in patients who have relapsed.
We included 15 randomised trials with a total of 1437 participants in this review. There was a high risk of bias within the trials but overall, the risk for bias was low or unclear. Data showed that WDD improved the global state of people with schizophrenia compared with placebo or no treatment. However, when WDD was compared with antipsychotic drugs, such as chlorpromazine, risperidone, no difference in the short-term global state was observed. WDD also had no effect on global or mental state. However WDD caused fewer side effects. When WDD + antipsychotics was compared to the use of a normal-dose drug alone, people had better global state, mental state, and side effects compared to people using a drug alone. The combination of WDD and a low-dose medication was found to be more effective than a drug only. There were no data on quality of life, use of mental health services, hospital use and cost. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. The evidence is up to date as of April 2015.
We included 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 799 participants. We found three new RCTs (228 participants) for this update, bringing the total to 12 studies with a total of 799 people. We judged three studies to be at high risk of bias, and three to be of moderate quality. The evidence is current to September 2015. The review assessed six comparisons. 1. Multistrand stainless steel versus superelastic nickel-titanium (NiTi) arch wires. There were five studies in this group and it was appropriate to undertake a meta-analysis of two of them. There is insufficient evidence from these studies to determine whether there is a difference in rate of alignment between multistrand Stainless steel and NiTi arch wires (low-quality evidence). The findings for pain at day 1 as measured on a 100 mm visual analogue scale suggested that there was no meaningful difference between the interventions (2 studies, 127 participants). 2. Conventional NiTi versus sub-Saharan African (Saharan African) NiTi arches. There was only one study (24 participants) in the group. The findings from this study suggest that conventional NiTi and supererelastic NiTi are similar in terms of alignment rate, time to alignment, pain and root resorption. None of the studies reported the adverse outcome of root resurction. 3. Single-strand versus coaxial (single strand or single strand) supelerelastic (single strand) Ni Ti arch wires. There were only two studies in the comparison group, but it was not appropriate to analyse the data. The results from these two studies were inconclusive. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for the outcomes of alignment or pain, and moderate-quality for the outcome of tooth movement over 12 weeks. Moderate quality evidence shows that arch wires made of coaxial or singlestrand NiTi can produce greater tooth movement than arch
This review includes just one study of 306 older people with dementia, with an average age of 86 years, from 16 nursing homes in France. The study did not measure any of our primary outcomes. However, the study did measure behaviour change using three scales. The scale used in the study, the Cohen-Mansfield Agitation Inventory (CMAI), is a scale used to measure aggression in people with Parkinson's disease. For the CMAI, 29 items were rated on a scale ranging from 29 to 203 points. This was combined to give a total of 29 points (ranging from 1 to 203). For the other three scales, the scale was used for 13 items. Four of the five scales improved (5.69 points, 95% confidence interval (CI) −9.59 to −1.79) in the intervention group. There was no difference in change scores on the Physressive scale (MD −0.08 points). The quality of this evidence was very low due to high risk of bias and indirectness of the outcome measures. There were no differences in NPI or OS change scores between groups by the end of the study. We also identified one ongoing study. The limited evidence means that uncertainty remains around the effectiveness of de-escalation and the relative efficacy of different techniques. High-quality research is urgently needed.
We included 13 trials with 1316 participants in this review. Eleven trials had a small sample size and short follow-up periods. The overall risk of bias in the included studies was high. The data were not suitable for meta-analysis due to different skin care products, skin care procedures, and measurement tools. Nine trials compared different types of topical skin care. One trial compared the frequency of use of topical products. Two trials tested a structure of skin care procedure. We found evidence in two trials, of low and moderate quality, that the use of soap and water performed poorly in preventing IAD. In the first trial, the skin cleanser (skin cleanser) might be more effective. The second trial, being a washcloth with cleansing, moisturising, and protecting properties, might be better than soap. Findings from the other trials, all being of low to very low, suggest that applying a leave-on product (moisturiser, skin protectant, or a combination of these, or using a combination) and avoiding soap seems to be more helpful than withholding soap. No trial reported on the number of people who were not satisfied with treatment or on adverse effects. The quality of the evidence was very low to moderate. This means that we cannot be certain of the results. More research is needed. The evidence is current up to 28 September 2016.
We included seven studies with a total of 333 participants in our review. Three studies studied hospitalised patients, two studies were conducted in an outpatient setting, while the trial setting was not clear in two studies. The age of patients ranged from two years to young adults. Follow-up varied from 20 days to six months. The type of antiviral, administration route, and length of treatment varied between the trials. The antivirals in the included studies were acyclovir (a class of drug) and valomaciclovir (an antiviral). The quality of the evidence is very low. The risk of bias for all studies was either unclear or high. The results of the review should be interpreted with caution. There were two of the 12 outcomes that favour treatment over control. These results may be of limited significance. There was a mean reduction in 'time to clinical recovery' of five days in the treatment group, but this may not be a clinically meaningful result. In terms of viral shedding, there was an overall effect from six studies that viral shedding was suppressed while on antiviral treatment, but there was no effect when treatment was stopped. For all other outcomes there were no significant differences between treatment and control groups. The evidence is up to date as of September 2014. The quality and quantity of evidence was very low for all outcomes. This means that the results should be treated with some caution. Future research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the results of this review. We need to consider the potential adverse events and possible associated costs, and antiviral resistance. Further research in this area is warranted.
This review examined four trials lasting 24 to 52 weeks involving over 2250 people. The trials compared insulin detemir and glargine to each other. The results showed no significant difference in the number of people with high blood sugar levels. However, insulin glargines were associated with less weight gain. Insulin detemirs were injected twice-daily in a higher dose, with slightly less injection site reactions. It was not possible to draw conclusions on quality of life, costs or death. Only one trial reported results on health-related side effects and there were no clear differences between treatment groups. Our analyses suggest that there is no difference in efficacy or safety in the two drugs used in this review for targeting hyperglycaemia.
The review of trials found six trials that assessed the effects of SNS for bowel problems. Six trials compared SNS with standard medical treatment in people with bowel problems and two trials compared two different SNS types. In the parallel group trial by Tjandra, 53 people with severe bowel problems in the SNS group had fewer episodes of faecal incontinence compared to the control group who received best medical treatment. However, SNS did not improve symptoms in a proportion of people. Side effects were reported in a number of people: pain at the implant site (6%), a seroma (2%) and excessive tingling (9%) in the vaginal region (9%). Two trials assessed SNS in constipation. In one trial, 19 people out of 19 who preferred the 'on' time period had an average of two bowel movements per week during the 'off' crossover period, compared with five out of 27 who preferred 'on'. In the other trial by Kahlke, 14 out of 14 people with abdominal pain and bloating during the stimulator ‘on’ and ‘off’ periods (1 (SD, 1.7) per week). In the crossover trial by Vaizey, two out of three people with constipation had at average of six, and one out of five, episodes of abdominal pain, bloating, and abdominal pain in the one week after the stimulation. In contrast, in the trial by Dinning, 19 out of the 19 people preferred the stimulation period of the implanted pulse generator (on) and five people preferred 'off'. Side effects included pain at site of the implant (32), wound infection (12), and urological (17) events. The limited evidence from the included trials suggests that SNS can improve continence in a percentage of patients with bowel disorders, but SNS does not improve bowel symptoms. Rigorous high quality randomised trials are needed to allow certainty in the results
The review of trials found two trials (n = 190), at low risk of bias, were included in the review. Both trials showed that molar tubes bonded with either a chemically- or light-cured adhesive were more likely to fail than molar bands bonded with a glass- ionomer cement. No other adverse events were found. However, given there are limited data for this outcome, more research is needed to draw more robust conclusions.
We identified 66 articles (published between 1988 and 2012) that met our inclusion criteria. We collected data on 7747 patients with gastric cancer who were staged with EUS. Overall the quality of the included studies was good. However, only five studies presented a high risk of bias (i.e. there was a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way the studies were conducted). For primary tumor (T) stage, results were stratified according to the depth of invasion of the stomach wall. The meta-analysis of 50 studies (n = 4397) showed that EUS might be useful in discriminating T1 to T2 (superficial) vs T3 to T4 (advanced) gastric cancers. For T1a versus T1b (submucosal) cancers, we found that the EUS may be useful to guide physicians in the locoregional stage of people with stomach cancer. For the capacity of EUS to distinguish T1 (early stomach cancer, EGC) from T2, we could not identify a consistent source of the differences between studies. When we assessed T1 a (mucus) versus submucosal (mosaic) cancers (20 studies, 3321 people), we found no consistent difference (95% CI 0.81 to 0.92) and 0.75 respectively. Finally, for N-stage cancers (N-stage, 3573 people, 44 studies) we found a consistent result (83%CI 0.83 (95.83 to 1.87) for EUS in diagnosing the presence of lymph nodes in the tumour. Overall, as demonstrated also by the Bayesian nomograms, which enable readers to calculate post-test probabilities for any target condition prevalence, EUS diagnostic performance can be considered clinically useful in guiding physicians in identifying gastric carcinoma patients. Moreover, we must emphasize that the analysis of positive and negative likelihood values revealed
We identified six randomised clinical trials involving 492 participants. The trials compared day-case laparoscopic cholecystectomy (n = 239) with overnight stay surgery (253) for people with symptomatic gallstones. The mean or median age in the trials varied between 40 and 47 years. The number of people in each trial ranged from 28 to 150. The proportion of women in these trials varied from 74% to 84%. With regards to death, only one trial reported deaths in the short term. However, there were no deaths in either of the groups. Long-term deaths were not reported. There was no significant difference between the two groups in the rate of serious adverse events (4 trials; 391 participants; 7/191 compared with 1/200 participants) or in the quality of life of the patients. For all outcomes except pain, the data were far less than we would like. No significant difference was seen in the proportion of people requiring hospital readmission rate (5 trials; 419 participants; 5/136 compared with 5/154) or the time to return to activity (2 trials; 217 participants; 0.55 days) or return to work (1 trial; 74 participants; 2/20 days) between the day-surgery group and the overnight-stay surgery group. For the other outcomes of our review, there was no difference in the percentage of people who failed discharge (failure to be discharged as planned) or hospital readmissions (3 trials; 290 participants; 6/225 compared with 3/136 participants). No significant differences were seen between the groups regarding pain, time to returned to normal activity, and time to go back to work. The overall quality of the evidence was low to moderate. The included trials were at high risk of bias (risk of arriving at wrong conclusions because of play of chance). Therefore, the results of this review should be interpreted with caution. More randomised trials are needed to assess the impact of
We included eight studies, involving 2488 participants, two more studies and 415 more participants than we did in the previous version. We found that capsaicin used to treat postherpetic neuralgia, HIV-neuropathy and pain in the legs and feet, and painful diabetes neuropathy provided more pain relief than control (control) treatment. The additional proportion of people who benefited was not large, but for those who did get high levels of pain relief, there were usually improvements in sleep, fatigue, depression, and quality of life. No deaths were judged to be related to study medication. Side effects were common, but were not consistently reported. Serious side effects were rare. The quality of the evidence was moderate or very low for most outcomes. We downgraded the quality due to sparse data, imprecision, and possible bias due to the way the studies were done. We judged only one study at high risk of bias, due to small size.
We included three trials involving 6343 participants. The trials differed in the methods of measuring carotid stenosis and in the definition of stroke. We combined the results of 6092 participants (35,000 patient years of follow up) from all three trials. We found no differences between the trials in the risks of any of the main outcomes in either of the treatment groups, or in the effects of surgery. On re-analysis, we found that surgery increased the risk of a stroke in people with less than 30% stenosis. Surgery had no effect in participants with 30% to 49%. Endarterectomy was of benefit for people with 50% to 69% symptomatic stenosis, and for those with 70% to 99% stenotic narrowing. However, surgery did not seem to be of benefit in people who had near-occlusion. We rated the quality of the evidence as moderate to high.
We included 10 retrospective cohort studies, with a total of 864 participants. The participants underwent enterostomy placement in the frame of an operation for: rectal cancer (37/60), ulcerative colitis (14/60) and familial adenomatous polyposis (7/60). The results of this review were inconclusive for the incidence of parastomal hernation (low-quality evidence), development of ileus (wound) or stenosis, or skin irritation. The results were also inconclusive in the subgroup analysis (i.e. ileostomy versus colostomy) in which we compared the effect of the two types of stoma placement. The study did not measure other stoma-related complications, or death from any cause. We did measure quality of life, which was not one of our outcomes of interest. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all the outcomes. The included studies did not provide enough evidence to support or refute one of the studied stoma formation techniques.
We found 24 relevant studies, with a total of 2126 participants. We found no significant differences between supportive therapy and standard care. There were, however, significant differences in the outcomes of relapse, hospitalisation and general functioning. These included hospitalisation rates (4 studies), clinical improvement in mental state (3 studies), and satisfaction of treatment for the recipient of care. For this comparison we found no evidence of significant differences. There was also no difference in the rates of relapse or quality of life. When we compared supportive therapy to cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT), we again found no clear differences in primary outcomes. We did not find any data on the effects of supportive therapy on general functioning, and we were unable to find any evidence that supportive therapy was better than other psychological therapies. We graded the quality of the evidence as very low.
We found 11 studies, lasting one week or longer, involving 949 people with cancer pain. Most people with moderate or severe cancer pain were randomised to NSAIDs at the start of treatment, but few completed treatment or had results of treatment. Eight studies were double-blind, two single-blinds, and one was open-label. None of the studies had a control group. Results for all NSAIDs are reported as a randomised cohort. We judged the quality of the evidence from these studies to be very low. There is no evidence to support the use of NSAIDs for the three steps of the three-step cancer pain ladder. With NSAIDs, the level of pain was reduced to no worse than mild pain in four studies (415 people in total), with a range between 26% and 51%. Adverse events were poorly reported. Common adverse events were thirst/dry mouth (15%), loss of appetite (14%), somnolence (11%), and dyspepsia (11%). Withdrawals were common, mostly due to lack of efficacy (24%) or side effects (5%). Overall, there is no high-quality evidence to show that NSAIDs alone or in combination with NSAIDs can reduce cancer pain in people.
This review included two studies with a total of 287 participants. One study (with an overall unclear to high risk of bias) involved 253 participants. This study reported that pain severity at day two and day three was lower in the group treated with tinzaparin, and at day 4, than in the control group. The mean difference was 1.78 days (95% confidence interval (CI) -5.48 to -4.48). This study also showed that people treated with the low-molecular-weight, heparin, dalteparin, had fewer hospitalisation days (4.98 days) than people in the placebo group. However, this result was based on a single study with a small number of people. The second study, which was a conference abstract, only addressed one of the outcomes of the review; i.e. pain intensity. After one day, pain intensity was better in the tinitropine group (mean difference of 1.30 (CI -1.30). However, the quality of this study was very low. Two minor bleeding events were reported as side effects, and none were reported for the placebo groups. Based on the results of these two studies, we cannot be sure whether or not there is evidence to support or refute the use of heparins in people with sickle cell disease.
We did not find any randomised trials that compared anticoagulants with antiplatelet drugs. We found 36 observational studies (involving 1285 patients) that compared the two groups of patients. There were no trials that directly compared either a drug that blocks blood flow to the heart (anticoagulation) with another drug (control). There were also no trials which directly compared a drug which blocks blood clotting to an agent that blocks the clotting of platelets. There was no evidence to support their routine use. There is not enough evidence to recommend their use for the treatment of extracranial blockage.
We found 26 randomised controlled trials (2066 patients) comparing silver-containing dressings or topical agents with non-silver dressings. Most of the trials (seven) found no differences in infection rates. One trial showed fewer infections with silver nitrate (a type of dressing) when compared with a non- silver dressing, but three trials showed more infection with SSD than with the other. Six trials compared SSD cream with silver-based dressings, and found no difference in infection. Thirteen trials (in a number of formulations) compared silver sulphadiazine (SSD) cream with other dressings; one trial showed a reduction in infection with the silver-coated gauze (Acticoat®), but the other trials did not show a difference. Six studies (nine dressings) compared SSD/silver/hydrocolloid dressings with standard dressings (nine in total). Most of these studies found no significant differences in wound infection. Only one study (in diabetic foot ulcers) found a significant reduction in wound healing time with a silver-coloured, hydrofibre dressing. There is not enough evidence to be able to determine whether the use of silver dressings and topical agents can promote wound healing or prevent wound infections. Some poor quality evidence for SSD suggests the opposite.
We included 12 studies with 3571 participants. All studies examined the use of one antibiotic regimen versus another for the treatment of VAP. All but one of the studies reported sources of funding or authors' links to drug companies. There was potential for bias in some studies because some studies did not report outcomes for all participants. We found no difference in the risk of death from VAP between people treated with either a single antibiotic or multiple antibiotics. We did not find a difference between the two groups of people in terms of clinical cure. We also found that carbapenems are associated with a better clinical cure than other tested antibiotics. The quality of the evidence was low for all-cause mortality, adverse events, and length of stay in ICU. We downgraded the quality of evidence for clinical cure to very low. For our second comparison of combination therapy with optional add-on drugs, we found that there was a lack of studies. We were able to combine the results of two studies that compared tigecycline and imipenem with each other and found an increase in clinical cure for tigECYCLine. Of importance, this effect was due to a single study. However, this is the largest study comparing monotherapy to multiple antibiotic therapies for VAP and contributes to the safety of using one antibiotic for the empiric treatment of people with VAP, but we could not evaluate the best antibiotic choice.
We included 29 ITS analyses (12 were controlled) investigating policies targeting 11 drug classes for drug restriction. Participants were most often elderly or low income people, or both, in drug benefit plans. Impact of policies varied by drug class, and whether they were implemented or relaxed. When policies targeted gastric-acid suppressant and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, the use of drugs decreased and substantial savings on drugs were found immediately and for up to two years afterwards. However, there was no increase in other health services. In the case of second generation antipsychotic drugs, treatment discontinuity and use of other drugs were increased. Relaxing restrictions on the amount of drugs that can be reimbursed for, for example, antihypertensives and statins, increased appropriate use and decreased drug use. Two studies measured health outcomes directly, but found inconclusive results. The review of trials found that restricting access to drugs can decrease third-party drug spending, and can also remove barriers to access. The policy design needs to be based on research quantifying the harms and benefits of the target and alternative drugs. Health impact evaluation should be conducted where drugs are not equivalent. Impacts on health equity, relating to fair and just distribution of health benefits in society, also need to be measured.
This review aimed to assess the effectiveness of one-to-one OHA for oral health maintenance. Nineteen studies met the criteria for inclusion in the review. These studies reported a wide variety of interventions, study populations, dental outcomes and outcome measures. There was not enough evidence to be able to pool the results of the studies. We summarised data by categorising similar OHA methods into comparison groups. We found that there was no evidence that any specific OHA method was more effective than any other method in improving oral health. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. There were too few studies to be sure that any particular OHA approach was better than others. We were unable to draw any firm conclusions about the effects of any of the methods used in this review. More high-quality studies are needed to determine the most effective, most efficient method of OHA. The design of such trials should be cognisant of the limitations of the available evidence.
Five small trials were included in this review. Two trials (30 and 49 participants) of oral steroids or placebo were included. One trial (40 participants) reported significant short-term benefits in pain, range of movement of the shoulder and shoulder abduction in the short term (six weeks) compared to no treatment. The benefit was not maintained beyond 6 weeks. A second trial (32 participants) did not find any differences between oral steroids and placebo in pain or range of movements but it suggested that the benefit occurred earlier in the steroid treated group. A third trial (28 participants) showed a more rapid initial improvement in pain in the oral group but there was no difference in pain at five months. There were no major side effects reported. No meta-analyses could be performed as no data could be extracted from one placebo- and three trials used different comparisons. The quality of the trials was variable.
We found three randomised controlled trials with a total of 50 participants. All three trials compared rTMS with sham TMS. All the trials were of poor methodological quality and were insufficiently homogeneous to allow the pooling of results. Moreover, there was a high rate of attrition from the trials. None of the trials provided detailed data on the ALS Functional Rating Scale (ALSFRS-R) score at six months follow-up, which was our primary outcome. One trial contained data in a suitable form for us to use in our secondary outcomes. There was no difference in the ALSFRS-revised scores and the ALS manual muscle testing (MMT) scores. No adverse events were reported. However, in view of the small sample size, the methodological problems and incomplete outcome data, we cannot be completely confident in the results of this review.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (with a total of 1049 participants) in this review. All studies involved different comparisons. None had a placebo group. In one trial plasma exchange plus prednisone improved disease control at 1 month (0.3 mg/kg more effective at 0.3 times the rate of disease loss) than prednisolone alone. In another trial, clobetasol (clobetamine) showed more disease control than oral prednisolate in people with more severe and moderate BP. There were no differences in disease control between different corticosteroid regimens (one trial each). No differences were seen for different doses or formulations of steroids, for tetracycline plus or in combination with steroids, or for azathioprine plus or alone. Chinese traditional medicine plus steroids was not effective. There was no difference in healing in one trial. Milder treatments (using lower doses of steroids) are safe and effective in BP. Starting doses greater than 0.75 mg of steroids do not give extra benefit, but lower doses may be adequate to control BP and reduce adverse reactions. Very potent topical steroids may be effective and safe in BP, but their use may be limited by side effects and practical factors.
The review of trials found that some herbal medicines may improve the symptoms of this condition. However, the quality of the trials was generally low. The trials included in this review were small and of poor methodological quality, and the results should be treated with caution. Some herbal medicines deserve further examination in high-quality trials.
We found 22 trials that evaluated the efficacy and safety of LNG and other hormonal drugs on a regular basis. The studies included a total of 12,400 women. The trials were conducted in Europe, Asia, and the Americas. The drugs and doses of levonorgestrel (LNG) 0.75 mg (11 studies), LNG in doses other than 0. 75 mg (4 trials), and hormones other than LNG (7 trials). Outcomes included pregnancy rates, discontinuation, side effects, and acceptability. Most women liked the LNG method in spite of frequent menstrual irregularities. Menstrual problems were the most common side effects reported. However, these side effects were mild and were not reported in most studies. Rigorous research is still needed to confirm whether LNG is safe and effective in preventing pregnancy. If the method is shown to be effective, safe, and acceptable, the results may warrant a change in current World Health Organization recommendations.
We included 15 studies with a total of 561 randomised patients. The studies were conducted in Europe, India, China, South Korea and the USA. The age range of patients was commonly restricted to adolescents or young adults, but two studies were from a much wider age range. The distribution of males and females was similar in eight of the 15 studies, with a predominance of female patients in seven of the studies. There was strong evidence of an effect of anchorage on this outcome. We found that surgical anchorage was more effective in the reinforcement of teeth by 1.68 mm (95% confidence interval (CI) -2.27 mm to -1.09 mm). This result should be interpreted with some caution, as there was a substantial degree of heterogeneity for this comparison. We also found that there was moderate quality evidence that reinforcement of the upper first molar teeth is more effective with surgery than with conventional anchorage, and that results from mini-screw implants are especially promising. We did not find evidence that any one technique was better than the other. We could not combine the results of any of the included studies, as they were too different from each other. The quality of the evidence was moderate for the outcome of mesiodistal movement of teeth, and low for the other outcomes. There were no data on patient-reported outcomes. Information on patient pain and acceptability of the treatment was inconclusive. There is no evidence to suggest that one technique is better than another. No studies reported on harms. The evidence is current to September 2014.
We included 50 studies (45,285 participants): 47 studies (39,820 participants) compared statins with placebo (dummy) treatment, and three studies (5547 participants) looked at two different statin regimens. We were able to combine data from 38 studies (37,274 participants). The risk of bias in these studies was high. Seven studies (36,033 participants) had lower risk of systematic error (i.e. overestimation of benefits) overall. Statins clearly reduced the risk of death, major cardiovascular events, and MI by 20% in people with CKD who did not have CVD at baseline. We found that statin-related effects on stroke and kidney function were found to be uncertain. The effects of statin therapy on CVD risk in people who have CKD are not yet known.
We included nine trials with a total of 379 participants in this review. Nine trials evaluated the use of drugs to treat pain in children with cystic fibrosis. Participants had cerebral palsy (CP) in five of the studies, and bone mineral density (OI) in four. All trials were parallel designed RCTs. All studies, apart from one cross-over trial, were of mixed quality. Three of the trials on CP evaluated intrathecal baclofen, and two trials on OI evaluated a drug called botulinum toxin A. For the two ITB studies in CP, in the same group of children but at different time points in their disease, both found an effect on pain favouring the treatment group. At follow-up in both CP and OI trials there was no evidence of a difference in pain. In the BoNT-A trials there were some side effects that involved seizures. In one trial there were also eight serious side effects, but the trial did not state if these occurred in the control group. No side effects were reported in the OI trial. No trials were identified for pain relief in this group. For OI there were two bisphosphonate trials that evaluated two drugs (two alendronate and one pamidronate). There was no trial that evaluated a commonly used pain relief drug. Pain was a secondary outcome in 5 of the eight studies. In these studies most of the side effects related to the procedure or device for giving the drug rather than the drug, such as swelling at the pump site. In two of the pain relief drugs were gastrointestinal problems. One of the two BoNT trials found no evidence that there was a difference between the treatment arms. No adverse events were reported. Based on current data we are not able to determine the effects of pain relief for pain in CYP with LLCs. We recommend that future trials with larger numbers of children and adults should examine the effects
We found seven trials involving a total of 1697 participants. Three trials involving 1243 patients were included in analyses of efficacy outcomes, and four trials (1034 patients) in the analyses of side effects. No data from the seventh trial were available. We judged five trials to be at high risk of bias due to bias in the reporting of outcome data. Three of the seven trials were of low quality. There was low quality evidence that latrepirdine had little or no effect on cognition and function in mild-to-moderate AD. However, there was some evidence that there was a very small benefit on the neuropsychiatric test, the 'NPI' (N = 1.77, 95% CI -3.09 to -0.45, 3 studies). There was no difference in the risk of adverse events (side effects) between patients taking the drug and those taking placebo. We considered the quality of the evidence to be low for these outcomes. The evidence to date suggests that while there is no effect of the drug on cognition, there appears to be some small benefit for behaviour. More research is needed to determine if there is any benefit of the drugs on the symptoms of Alzheimer’s disease. There is a need for more research in this area. The quality of evidence is limited by the small number of studies, imprecision in the results of the studies, inconsistencies between the studies and the low number of participants in the studies.
We included seven trials, involving 735 participants, in this review. We analysed the effects of RIC on preventing ischaemic stroke respectively. We found low-quality evidence that RIC may reduce the risk of recurrent stroke, and stroke severity, in people with carotid artery stenosis, but it may increase death or dependence in people who have had a stroke. In people with acute stroke, there was no difference between RIC and non-RIC treatment for reducing stroke severity. There was also no difference in the incidence of stroke, haemorrhagic stroke, or other adverse events. No participants experienced death or cardiovascular events. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. The evidence is up to date as of August 2018.
We included six randomised controlled trials, involving 204 preterm infants. The evidence is current to August 2018. We found low-quality evidence that protein supplementation of human milk increased short-term growth in weight, length, and head circumference. There was no evidence of a clear difference in rate of growth of skin fold thickness between the supplemented and unsupplemented groups (triceps MD 0.06 mm/wk, one trial, 20 infants; or subscapularMD 0.01 to 0.12; four trials, 68 infants; I² = 89%). There were no data on outcomes after hospital discharge. The risk of feeding intolerance was not clearly increased, nor was the risk of necrotizing enterocolitis (inflammation of the gut lining). No data were available about the effects of protein supplementation on long-term weight, body mass index, body composition, neurodevelopmental, or cardio-metabolic outcomes. The quality of the evidence was low or very low, due to the small number of infants included in the studies, the small sample sizes, and the low precision of the results.
We included 45 studies: 14 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and 31 interrupted time series (ITS) studies. Almost all the included studies (44/45) compared PEMs to no intervention. One single study compared a paper-based PEM to the same CD-ROM. The results of this review suggest that when used alone or as part of a multi-faceted PEM strategy, PEM may have a small effect on professional practice outcomes. We could not comment on which PEM characteristics may have influenced their effectiveness. In addition, we re-analysed 54 outcomes from 25 ITS studies, and found that when PEM was used alone, professional practice may have improved. There is not enough information to be sure of the effect of PEM on patient outcomes.
This review of 23 randomised controlled studies (RCTs) found that interventions for young women which aim to promote sexual behaviours that reduce STI transmission can be effective, primarily at promoting condom use. There were few statistically significant effects on abstinence from or reducing sexual activity. None of the trials explicitly mentioned HPV or cervical cancer prevention. The interventions varied in duration, contact time, provider, and their aims. A variety of STIs were addressed, including HIV and chlamydia. There was no evidence that interventions had an effect on the risk of developing cervical cancer.
We included twenty studies with a total of 2337 participants in this review. Nineteen studies compared brief psychoeducation with routine care, or conventional delivery of information. One study compared a brief psychoeducational approach with cognitive behavior therapy. The review found that people who received a brief course of psychoeducation were less likely to fail to take their medication in the short term, and more likely to comply with medication. People who received the brief course were more likely than those who received routine care to be in compliance with their medication. There was little or no difference in the number of people who had relapses. People receiving the brief courses had better mental state and social function, and were more satisfied with their treatment. There were no differences found between the groups in quality of life, nor in the risk of death. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. The main limitations of this review were the small number of studies that we found, and the fact that they were small. Further large, high-quality studies are needed to confirm or refute the use of this approach.
We included 11 studies comprising 9839 participants in our analysis. Most studies included people with moderate to severe COPD, who had not had recent exacerbations. One study included only people with recent flare-ups. Follow-up ranged from 6 to 52 weeks. All but one study were sponsored by drug companies, thus we rated them as at high risk of 'bias'. The unsponsored study was at high-risk of bias, and may have selective reporting. Five studies recruited GOLD category B, one study recruited category D, two studies recruit Category A/B, and three studies recruit participants regardless of category. We found that people with COPD treated with LAMA+LABA were less likely to have a flare-up of COPD (i.e. an exacerbation), had a lower risk of pneumonia (a lung infection), and had better quality of life. The risk of death from any cause was 1.01 points lower in the LAMA group. We rated the quality of the evidence as low or moderate. This means that the true effect of this treatment may be quite different from what we found.
We included three studies with 91 children aged between 6 months and 4 years. All studies were conducted in emergency departments in the USA (two studies) and Spain (one study). The studies compared heliox with 30% humidified oxygen. One study of 15 children with mild croup found that there may be no difference in croup score changes between groups at 20 minutes. There may be little or no difference between groups in mean respiratory rate and mean heart rate. Children treated with heliox may have slightly better croup scores at 60 minutes but not at 120 minutes. In another study, 47 children with moderate to severe croup were treated with one dose of oral dexamethasone (0.3 mg/kg) for 60 minutes or no treatment. Heliox may not be better than 30% oxygen for children who have mild to moderate croup, but may be beneficial in the short term for children with more severe (moderate to severe) croup. We assessed the evidence for all outcomes in this comparison as of low quality, downgraded due to imprecision and high risk of bias related to inadequate reporting. Information on hospitalisation or re-presenting to the emergency department was not reported. The included studies did not report on adverse events, intensive care admissions, or parental anxiety. Due to very limited evidence, uncertainty remains about the effectiveness and safety of heliox. We rated the quality of the evidence as low, meaning that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the results.
The review of trials found that most red flags appear to be of poor diagnostic accuracy. However, when combinations of red flags were used, they appeared to be more accurate. The review also found that many red flags have high false positive rates, which means that if they were to be used, there would be consequences for patients with LBP. More research is needed to determine which red flags are most useful to screen for vertebral fracture.
We found two randomised trials that compared urethral dilatation and surgery with urethroplasty. One trial compared the outcomes of surgery with or without ureters (e.g. optical urethrotomy) in 210 adult men with URSD. No significant difference was found in the number of men being free of stricture at three years. The second trial compared urerotomy and surgery in 50 men with stricture of the urethra after pelvic fracture injury. In the first six months, men were more likely to require further surgery for recurrence of their urethrure in the ureter than in the surgery group. After two years, 16 of 25 (64%) men initially treated by urethrectomy required continued self-dilatation or further surgery. Six of 25 men (24%) men were treated by surgery for stricture recurrence. There were not enough data to determine which treatment was the best. There were also no data on side effects or costs. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found six trials that compared intermittent and daily inhaled corticosteroids. A total of 1211 patients with confirmed, or suspected, persistent asthma contributed to the analyses. The trials lasted 12 to 52 weeks. There was no difference between the two groups in terms of the number of patients who experienced one or more exacerbations (1204 in the daily ICS group) or in the rate of severe side effects (1055 in the intermittent ICS groups). There was a small improvement in peak airway flow rate (PEFR) by 2.56% (95% CI -4.49% to -0.63%). There were fewer symptom-free days (0.15), fewer asthma control days (9%) and more use of rescue drugs (16.80 parts per billion (ppb) in exhaled nitric oxide (a marker of lung function). In children and adults with persistent asthma, there was low quality evidence to suggest that daily and intermittent use of ICS (budesonide and beclomethasone) was more effective than daily use. There were no differences in the risk of patients with serious side effects. In children, daily use of inhaled ICS appeared safe, but there was a modest growth suppression compared to daily treatment. There is a need for further research in this area. The quality of the evidence was low or very low in four of the six trials. This means that we cannot currently make any firm conclusions. Clinicians should carefully weigh up the potential benefits and harms of each treatment, taking into account the known long-term effects of intermittent treatment on lung growth and lung function.
We included 17 studies involving 1639 people with CKD. Three studies enrolled 341 people treated with dialysis, four studies enrolled 168 kidney transplant recipients, and 10 studies enrolled 1130 people. Eleven studies (900 people) evaluated dietary counselling with or without advice. Six studies (739 people) assessed dietary patterns. One study (191 people) looked at a low-iron, low-phenol enriched diet. Two studies (181 people) of an increased fruit and vegetable intake, and two studies (355 people) examined a Mediterranean diet. The studies were followed up for a median of 12 months. We found that dietary interventions may reduce the risk of heart attacks and strokes in people with chronic kidney disease. However, the certainty of these results was low. Dietary interventions may improve the health of CKD patients by lowering blood pressure and blood sugar levels. We did not find any evidence about the effects of dietary interventions on death or heart disease. We also found no evidence about side effects. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. The evidence is up to date as of April 2018.
We found only one study that met the inclusion criteria for this review. This study included 156 children aged between seven weeks and 24 months with signs and signs of bronchiolitis. The study compared three different types of mist or steam therapy. The results showed that mist in a tent was an effective treatment for young children up to three years old. However, the study did not report on side effects. We conclude that there is not enough evidence to support the use of mist therapy or steam inhalation in children. More research is needed.
We identified four randomised controlled trials (1154 participants, age range 50 to 90 years). All participants had a diagnosis of probable or possible Alzheimer's disease. Most participants were on a cholinesterase inhibitor drug. The primary outcome in all studies was change in Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale - cognitive subscale (ADAS-Cog). When we pooled data, we found that statins have no benefit from statin. There was no significant difference in change in ADAS-cog from the start of the study. All studies provided change in Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE). We found no significant benefit in MMSE when we pooled the data. Three studies reported side effects of statins. We assessed risk of bias as low for all of the studies. We did not find any studies assessing role of statin in the treatment of VaD.
Four studies involving 149 participants were included in this review. Two studies assessed the effect of night splinting in 26 children and adults with Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease. There were no differences in ankle range of motion between the two groups. One study evaluated prednisone treatment in 103 boys with Duchenne muscle dystrophy. While a daily dose of 0.75 mg/kg/day resulted in some strength and function parameters, there was no significant difference in ankle movement (range of motion) between the groups. There was no evidence of benefit from increasing the dose of oral steroids used to treat muscle weakness in boys with muscle weakness. One small study evaluated early surgery (12 months) in 20 young boys with achilles tendon contractures. This study found increased ankle dorsiflexion range at 12 months but there was little difference in function at 24 months. By 24 months, many boys in the group experienced a relapse of muscle spasms. There is no evidence to support the use of any treatment for increasing ankle movement in children and young people with muscle disease. Further research is needed.
We found 25 randomised controlled trials (5218 women) that compared upright and mobile (walking) versus recumbent (lying on the back) or bed-like positions in the first stage of labour. The trials were conducted in a variety of countries. The evidence is current to September 2014. The review found that walking and upright positions in labour reduced the duration of labour, the risk of caesarean section, the need for epidural, and did not seem to be associated with increased intervention or negative effects on mothers' and babies' well being. Babies of mothers who were upright were less likely to be admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit, however this was based on one trial. There were no significant differences between groups for other outcomes related to the well being of mothers and babies. There is clear and important evidence that upright (walking and standing) positions are safe and effective for women in low-risk labour. Women should be informed of the benefits of the upright positions, and encouraged and assisted to assume whatever positions they choose. Given the great heterogeneity and high performance bias of study situations, better quality trials are still required to confirm with any confidence the true risks and benefits of upright or mobile positions for all women.
We found three randomized controlled trials, but only two had a follow-up of six months or more. The first trial involved 55 participants with the 'disputed type' of TOS. It compared transaxillary first rib resection (TFRR) with supraclavicular nerve graft (SNBP). The trial had a high risk of bias. TFRR decreased pain more than SNBP. There were no adverse effects in either group. The second trial that met our requirements analyzed 37 people with TOS of any type, comparing treatment with a botulinum toxin (BTX) injection in the scalene muscles with a saline placebo injection. There was no significant effect of treatment with the BTX injection over placebo, but it did improve paresthesias at six months' follow up. This trial was of very low quality. There is moderate evidence to suggest that treatment with BTX injections yield no great improvements, but there is no evidence from RCTs for the use of the other currently used treatments.
Twenty-one trials involving 884 people were included. A hand brace significantly improved symptoms after four weeks (weighted mean difference -1.07; 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.29 to -0.85). However, ultrasound treatment for two weeks was not significantly beneficial. However, one trial showed significant symptom improvement at seven weeks of ultrasound treatment (WMD -0). One trial also showed improvement at six months. Four trials involving 193 people compared oral medications (steroids, diuretics, non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs) versus placebo. Two trials (51 people) compared yoga with wrist splinting. In one trial (21 people), carpal bone mobilisation (using a ballpoint pen to move the bone around) improved symptoms over three weeks. In two trials (50 people), vitamin B6 did not improve overall symptoms. Other non-surgical treatments do not produce significant benefit. More trials are needed to compare treatments and ascertain the length of benefit. Trials of magnet therapy, laser acupuncture or chiropractic care did not demonstrate symptom benefit.
We included two studies that enrolled a total of 708 participants with CRVO-ME. The two studies compared IVS with observation or no treatment. One study enrolled participants with both branch and central retinal vein blockage. The other study enrolled people with both central and branch blockage, but did not present subgroup data for the CRVO. The evidence is current to August 2018. The studies compared triamcinolone acetonide intravitreal injections (n = 165) with observation. The second study compared dexamethasone (a steroid drug) with sham injections. Participants in the SCORE study were five times more likely to have gained 15 letters or more in visual acuity compared with participants in the observation group (1 mg; 5.27; 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.62 to 17.15). However, by the eighth-month follow-up examination, the average vision acuity decreased in all three groups. However, eyes treated with IVS lost fewer letters at 8 months (1.70 letters, 95% CI 1.86 to 15.54; 4 mg MD: 9.80 letters). A higher incidence of adverse events was noted with intravenous steroid therapy when compared with observation alone. As many as 20% to 35% of participants experienced an adverse event in the IVS groups compared with 8% in the control group. The most commonly encountered adverse events were elevated intraocular pressure, progression of cataracts, and retinal neovascularization. We graded the quality of evidence as low due to study limitations, imprecision of treatment estimates, and selective outcome reporting.
We identified six randomised trials involving a total of 394 patients. Five of the six trials demonstrated that intranasal corticosteroids are effective in the treatment of nasal obstruction in children with adenoid hypertrophy. In the first eight-week cross-over study, the use of beclomethasone led to a greater improvement in mean symptom scores than placebo (18.5 versus -8.5). In the second four-week study, 38% of patients (400 mcg/day) had at least 50% improvement in nasal obstruction symptoms, whereas none of the patients treated with placebo had such improvement. The third trial showed that 77.7% of children (100 mcg or more) treated with mometasone (40 days) for 40 days showed a reduction in adenoids size, such as a decrease in the size of the nasal cavity. The fourth parallel-group study showed that eight weeks of treatment with flunisolide (500 mcg a day) resulted in a larger reduction in the number of children with nasal obstruction. The fifth trial demonstrated that the use fluticasone, a steroid drug, reduced nose obstruction symptoms and adenoidal size, and this improvement was avoided in 76% of these patients. In contrast, one trial did not find a significant improvement in the symptoms of nose obstruction nor in size of nose after eight weeks (200 mcg per day) of use of the antifungal drug beclomiphene. The long-term effects of these drugs in these patients remains to be defined.
We included one small randomised trial (involving 24 women). The study was conducted in Mexico. This study compared a control group who received antihypertensive drugs, anticonvulsant drugs (drugs that reduce the blood pressure), plasma expanders, corticosteroids, and dypyridamole, with an intervention group that received an epidural block, instead of the other drugs, as well as all other four drugs. The study did not report on the outcomes of this review. We could not combine the results of the study as there were not enough women and staff to do so. The included study was at low risk of bias in three domains. However, the study was assessed to be of high risk due to lack of blinding of staff and women, and unclear for blinding of women and their obstetricians. This review did not find any evidence that the use of epidural drugs to lower the tone of the vasomotor tone (the muscles that move the baby's feet and legs) resulted in better outcomes for the mother or her baby. There was no clear difference between the two groups in the change in blood pressure of the mother. Reported outcomes The study only reported on one outcome of interest: the Apgar score of the baby at birth and after five minutes, which was not clear between the treatment and control groups. The change in the mean arterial pressure and systolic blood pressure, which were the other reported outcomes, did not differ between the groups. We found no evidence that epidural agents reduced the number of deaths in the mother, or the risk of stroke, heart attack, kidney failure, liver failure, HELLP syndrome (low platelets, haemolysis, elevated blood platelets and low platelets), or pulmonary oedema (blood clots). For the baby, these were: stillbirths (deaths in utero), perinatal deaths (births plus death in the first
We included 16 randomised clinical trials with a total of 927 participants. Fifteen trials (one of which was an abstract) provided data for the review. The participants were aged between 25 and 70 years old, had different stages of alcoholic liver disease, and 65% were men. Follow-up, when reported, was up to three months after the end of treatment. The trials were at overall high risk of bias, which means that there is a potential to arrive at wrong conclusions because of the way the trials were carried out. There was no evidence of effect of glucocorticosteroids on death from any cause or on health-related quality-life. We are very uncertain about the effect estimate of no difference in the effect on death due to any cause, serious or non-serious side effects, and the number of participants with any side effects up to one year after treatment. Due to the lack of reporting, we cannot exclude increases in side effects. As the studies were too small and the CIs were wide, we could not rule out benefits or harms. Therefore, we need large, well-designed, placebo-controlled trials to answer our review question.
We included four trials involving 245 participants in the review. The studies were conducted with people who were relatively young and the timing after stroke was varied. Study sample sizes were generally small. The interventions, controls and outcome measures varied, and thus we could not pool the results of the studies. The four studies were at a low risk of bias for most of the domains, but there was a high/unclear risk of some bias in the areas of: performance (participants not blinded to their treatment), and attrition (incomplete outcome data due to withdrawal) bias. We found no clear evidence of improved on-road driving skills after stroke. The use of a driving simulator may be beneficial in improving visuocognitive skills, such as road sign recognition, that may be related to driving. However, these results should be viewed with caution as they were based on a single study. No adverse effects were reported. There was not enough evidence to draw conclusions on the effects on vision, cognition, motor and functional activities, and driving behaviour. At present, it is unclear which impairments that can lead to poor driving ability are more amenable to rehabilitation, and whether one approach is better than another.
We included eight studies with 582 participants in this review. Five studies were conducted in hospitals with 519 participants (range 28 to 296). Mean ages of study participants were 65 to 73 years, the proportion of men varied (58% to 84%), and COPD was classified as severe or very severe. Corticosteroid treatment was given for three to seven days for short-duration treatment, and for 10 to 15 days for longer-duration (10 to 14 days) treatment. We did not find a difference in the risk of relapse (a new event) between the short- and long-duration corticosteroids. We found that shorter courses (of around five days) are likely to be more effective than longer courses, but we are not sure if they are better or worse in terms of side-effects. We graded the quality of the evidence as moderate, which means that we are reasonably confident in the results. We do not know if shorter (five days) courses are more effective or worse than longer (14 days or more) courses because we did not include people with mild (or very mild) COPD. More research is needed.
We included one randomised controlled trial (13 participants) in this review. The trial was only published as an abstract and contained only 13 participants. The one included study randomised participants to a restrictive [haemoglobin (Hb:Hb) transfusion trigger < 72 g/L, 8 participants] or liberal [Hb trigger < 96 g/l, 5 participants]. There was no difference in the number of deaths or transfusions. There were no anaemia-related complications (heart attack, stroke, heart failure) and no reported effect on activity (no statistics). The study did not report: death due to bleeding/infection/transfusion reactions or iron overload, quality of life, frequency and length of hospital admissions, serious infections, or serious bleeding. We found no evidence that there was a difference between the two groups of patients in the proportion of patients who received red blood cell transfusions (1.8 units per patient per month in the liberal group, compared to 0.8 in the restrictive arm). The quality of the evidence was very low across different outcomes according to GRADE methodology. This review indicates that there is currently a lack of evidence for the recommendation of a particular transfusion strategy for bone marrow failure patients undergoing supportive treatment only. Further randomised trials with robust methodology are required to develop the optimal transfusion strategies for such patients, particularly as the incidence of the main group of people with MDS rises with an ageing population. This plain language summary was adapted by the review authors from a summary originally written by Ben Gray, Senior Peer Researcher, McPin Foundation (http://mcpin.org/).
We found two studies that evaluated the effectiveness of games as a teaching strategy for health professionals. The first study evaluated a game based on the television game show "Family Feud". This study did not assess patient or process of care outcomes. In the second study, the game was based on Snakes and Ladders. The study compared a game-based learning approach with a case-based approach. The results of the two studies did not confirm nor refute the utility of games in the teaching of stroke prevention and care. There is a need for more high-quality research to explore the impact of games on patient and process-care outcomes.
This review identified eight trials involving 475 people with unipolar affective disorder. Two of the studies included a mixed group of people with either bipolar or unipolar disorder. The results of these trials were inconclusive. There was some evidence for the efficacy of lithium or antidepressants in preventing relapse, but the relative efficacy of these drugs was unknown. When all kinds of relapses (both manic and manic) were considered (both depressive and manic), there was a significant difference in favour of lithium. However, the results did not exclude no effect. There were no other differences between lithium and antidepressants according to all other outcomes considered. The review authors concluded that there was adequate evidence to support the use of long-term treatment with lithium or antidepressant drugs in the prevention of relapse in unipolar depression. There is a need for more research in this area. Large-scale trials in unselected groups of people are needed. Patients and clinicians should take into account their clinical history, the side-effects of the drugs and their likely adherence to the recommended treatment regime. This plain language summary was adapted by the review authors from an original text originally written by Ben Gray, Senior Peer Researcher, McPin Foundation (http://mcpin.org/).
The review of trials found that the amifostine has no significant effects on salivary glands. Moreover, no health-related quality of life and no patient-oriented outcomes were evaluated.
We included three studies involving 45 children aged between 29 months and six years with Down syndrome. One study provided nine group sessions and four individualised home-based sessions. Another study provided weekly, weekly, individual clinic-based or home visits for six months. The third study provided one 2- to 3-hour group session for 12 weeks. Treatment duration varied from 12 weeks to six months, and the results from the three included studies were inconsistent. Two studies found no differences in language development between the groups, but one study found that children in the intervention group were able to use more targeted vocabulary items or utterances with language targets in certain contexts, compared to those in the control group. In the third study, parents who attended the group sessions were more likely to be able to talk to and interact with their children, and in one study most strategies were still being used at 12 months postintervention. No study measured parents' use of the strategies outside of the intervention sessions. Two of the three studies found that parents' language development did not improve after the intervention, but they did find that their children could use more specific target words for their children. In one study, there was no evidence of language attrition in either group, and one study looked at children's socialisation skills, which was found to be improved by the intervention. One of the studies looked at parents' adherence to the treatment through attendance data, and found that mothers were present for seven out of nine group and four home visits. All three studies noted differences in most measures of how the parents talked to their children and how they interact with them up to 12 months after intervention. None of the included studies measured parental stress scores. In summary, we found only three small studies. The sample sizes of each study were very small, which means that they are unlikely to be representative of the target population. In light of these limitations, we considered the quality of the evidence to be very low. This means that we have very
We included two randomised clinical trials from 1987 and 2004 with a total of 148 participants. Both trials had a high risk of bias. There was insufficient evidence at 3 to 6 months to judge the effect of exercise-based cardiac rehabilitation on death and on serious adverse events. We did find that, compared with control (no exercise), people who have had heart valve surgery may improve their exercise capacity. We could not assess the impact on other outcomes, such as quality of life, because we did not have enough data. There were no trials that assessed health-related quality-life, and there was no evidence on the impact of exercise on the cost of care. The quality of the evidence was very low due to the small number of people in the trials and the small numbers of events. The evidence is up-to-date as of February 2016.
We found five studies that compared meditation with usual care, palliative care or both. Two studies evaluated meditation, and the others evaluated palliatives that involved a chaplain or spiritual counsellor. All five studies were undertaken in the same country. The studies evaluating meditation found no significant difference in quality of life or well-being between the groups. However, when meditation was added to massage in the medium term, it buffered against a drop in quality. In the palliate care intervention studies, there was no clear evidence that meditation or massage made a difference to the outcome. In all the studies, it is unclear if the participants in the comparative groups received support from the chaplain and/or the spiritual counselor, or both, as part of routine care. It is also unclear whether the support came from within the home, or from elsewhere. There is a need for more rigorous research in this area. We found inconclusive evidence to support the use of meditation for adults in the terminal phase of a disease. The quality of the studies was limited by the lack of reporting of design features. The paucity of quality research means that further research is needed.
We included six trials with a total of 137 participants. We found two studies with 45 participants examining the effects of tDCS compared to control (sham tDCS) on impairment. One study with 25 participants measured the reduction in off and on time (time that symptoms are not controlled by the medication) and the time that dyskinesia (time when symptoms are controlled but the person can still perform involuntary muscle movements) was measured. Two studies with 41 participants measured gait speed. In two of six studies, dropouts, adverse events, or deaths were reported. There was insufficient evidence that dropouts and adverse events were higher with tDCS than with sham tDCS. We did not find any evidence that tDCS reduced the time people spent in the immobile (off) state. We also found one study with 16 participants that measured tDCS plus movement therapy. There were no differences between the tDCS group and the sham group for reducing the off time, on time, or gait. We do not know if tDCS has an effect on activities of daily living. We rated the quality of the evidence as very low. This means that the true effect may be quite different from what we found.
We included 12 studies, all of which we judged to be at high or unclear risk of bias. Overall, the quality of evidence was low to very low. Two small studies compared LASB to placebo/sham (N = 32). They did not demonstrate significant short-term benefit for local anaesthetic sympathetic blockade for pain intensity. One small study (36 patients) at high-risk of bias compared thoracic (injected into the subcutaneous space) and local anaesthetics (corticosteroids) with corticosteroid (intravenous injection). This study found no difference in pain outcomes between the two groups. Of two studies that looked at the addition of local anaesthesia to rehabilitation, the only study that reported pain outcomes demonstrated no additional benefit. Eight small randomised studies compared sympathetic blockade to various other active treatments. Most studies found that there was no difference between the pain relief effect of sympathetic block and other treatments. Six studies reported adverse events, all with minor effects. This review is an update of a previous version of this review, and the main conclusions are unchanged. We found no new studies for this update.
We searched scientific databases for clinical trials that compared antivirals and corticosteroids in people with Bell's palsy. We found 14 trials, including 2488 participants. Most were small, and most were at high or unclear risk of bias in multiple domains. We included four new studies at this update. The evidence is current to September 2016. A combination of antiviral drugs plus corticostoids may have little or no effect on rates of incomplete recovery in people who have Bell’s palsy of various degrees of severity compared to corticestoids alone, but the results were imprecise and allowed for the possibility of no effect. There was no clear difference in adverse events between treatment and control groups (very low-certainty evidence). For the comparison of antiviral drugs plus steroids versus cortics alone, we found that the combination had no clear effect on incomplete recovery at month six, but there was some evidence that it reduced the number of participants who experienced motor synkinesis or crocodile tears in the long-term. There were no clear differences between treatment groups for adverse events, but we found no clear evidence of any difference in side effects. We rated the certainty of the evidence using four levels: very low, low, moderate, or high. Very low certainty evidence means that we are very uncertain about the results. High certainty means that the results are very likely to be close to the truth.
We included two studies, including 97 women, in this review. One study compared LHRH agonist (leuprorelin) use in relapsed (platinum-resistant) EOC with a chemotherapeutic agent (treosulfan) (Du Bois 2002). The other study compared decapeptyl (decarbazine) treatment with a placebo (currie 1994). There may be little or no difference between treatment with leuproresurgery or treosulfans in overall survival, progression-free survival (PFS) at six and 12 months, respectively. Quality of life was not reported in this study. Alopecia was more common in the treo-steroid group. There was no difference in other Grade 3 or 4 side effects, such as nausea, vomiting, nerve damage, and neutropenia. The Currie 1994 study reported PFS of 16 weeks. No relative effects measures or P values were reported. Overall survival (OS) and QoL outcomes were not reported. In addition, adverse events were only mentioned for the decapePTyl group. Adverse events were not fully reported. Based on this review of two small RCTs, we do not have enough evidence to comment on the safety and effectiveness, as well as quality of life, of the use of these drugs in the treatment of EOC. The quality of the evidence is very low.
We found 17 randomised controlled studies that included term and near-term infants with hypoxia. Ten trials compared iNO versus a placebo (placebo) or standard care (care without iNO). Ninos 1997 studied only infants with a hernia. Ninos 1998 studied both preterm and term infants. One trial compared high-frequency ventilation. Inhaled nitric oxide (iNO) appears to be effective for infants with low blood oxygen levels in the blood. We found that iNO reduced the risk of death or the need for ECMO in these infants. This was due to a reduction in the use of ECMO, but deaths were not affected. The effect of iNO did not seem to be affected by the number of infants who needed ECMO. Infants with diaphragmatic hernia did not improve, but iNO treatment did not make them worse. Fewer of the babies who were given iNO early had to be treated for breathing problems, but this did not appear to affect the rate of death. The quality of the evidence was high for most outcomes. We rated the quality of evidence as high for oxygenation index (OI) and alveolar oxygen (A-aDO2), and low for other outcomes. This means that we are very confident in the results.
This review aimed to evaluate the effectiveness of lumbar supports for treating low-back pain. The evidence is current to May 2013. We found 15 studies that met the inclusion criteria. Seven preventive studies (14,437 people) and eight treatment studies (1361 people) were included in this updated review. Overall, the methodological quality of the studies was rather low. There was moderate evidence that lumbaregular supports are not more effective than no intervention or training in preventing low- back pain, and conflicting evidence whether they are effective supplements to other preventive interventions. It is still unclear if lumbarb supports are more effective in treating low back pain than no or other preventive intervention. There is moderate evidence to suggest that lumbsar supports are no more effective compared to no intervention and training, and there is conflicting evidence on whether they add extra preventive interventions to the preventive interventions already used. It remains unclear whether lumbarategular support is better than no treatment or other interventions for the treatment of low-bore pain. One of the most essential issues to tackle in these future trials seems to be the realization of an adequate compliance. Special attention should be paid to different outcome measures, types of patients and types of support. The review concluded that there is still a need for high quality randomised controlled trials to assess the effectiveness and safety of these interventions. This plain language summary was adapted by the review authors from a summary originally written by Ben Gray, Senior Peer Researcher, McPin Foundation (http://mcpin.org/).
We included 57 studies with 16,784 catheters and 11 types of impregnations. Most studies enrolled participants from the age of 18, including patients in intensive care units and oncology (cancer) units, and patients who received long-term parenteral nutrition. We found that catheter impregnation reduced the risk of catheter-related blood stream infection (CRBSI), but it did not reduce the rate of death, sepsis, or local infections. We also found that impregnated CVCs were less likely to become clogged. However, we did not find a difference in the rates of adverse effects, such as blood clots, bleeding, erythema and/or tenderness. There was no difference between the groups in terms of the number of deaths, or the overall rates of CRBSI. We rated the quality of the evidence as high for the risk-free CVC use and low for the other outcomes.
The review included 15 studies, of which 14 were randomised controlled trials. The interventions took place in Bangladesh, India, and Peru. The participants included 9261 infants and children and 3664 pregnant women. There were no dietary intervention studies. Six interventions were adapted to the urban context, and seven targeted household, community, or'service delivery' via strengthening of systems of care. All the studies identified were nutrient supplementation and educational interventions. The evidence is current to September 2015. The studies included in this review were of low to moderate certainty. The main outcomes were length of life, low-to-moderate-food-related outcomes, and low- to moderate-food food-related outcome measures. The certainty of evidence was very low to low overall. The included studies had overall high risk of bias for 11 studies and only four RCTs had moderate-risk of bias. Overall, the evidence was complex to report, with a wide range of outcome measures reported. Consequently, only eight study findings were reported in meta-analyses and seven in a narrative form. None of the studies reported differential impacts of interventions relevant to equity issues. Zinc supplementation of pregnant women on LBW or length (versus supplementation without zinc or placebo) (three studies) There was no evidence of an effect on low- or moderate-certainty evidence, or no effect or unclear effect on length for studies in the meta-analysis. Micronutrient or macronutrients supplementation in children (eight studies) The evidence was of low or very low certainty for the effect of nutrient supplementation of children on HFA for studies, and inconclusive for studies reported in narrative forms. Nutrition education for pregnant women (compared with standard care or no intervention) (two studies) Education interventions in pregnant women had a positive impact on length at 18 months, with low-quality evidence. Nutrition systems strengthening interventions targeting children (one RCT and one controlled before-and-after study) There were
This review of trials found that foam dressings are no more effective than other wound dressing treatments for venous leg ulcers. There was no difference in healing outcomes in the three RCTs (involving 1023 participants) that compared polyurethane (a foam dressing) with hydrocellular foam (a polymeric dressing). Pooled data from five RCTS, with a total of 418 participants, showed no significant difference in the proportion of ulcers healed at 12 to 16 weeks. No significant difference was found in the number of people experiencing adverse events in the group of people treated with foam. There were no differences between groups of people in terms of adverse events. The evidence in this area is of low quality. More research is needed.
We found two studies that compared celecoxib and etoricoxib to placebo. One study (n = 159 patients) compared the two COX-2 inhibitor drugs to each other in a group of 381 IBD patients (381 with rheumatology manifestations). The other study, which compared the drugs to a placebo (a fake drug) in a similar group (159 patients) did not report on side effects. Both studies were judged to be at low risk of bias. The results of the two included studies were not pooled for meta-analysis due to differences in patients and treatment duration. There was no difference in the number of patients with IBD who experienced an IBD flare-up after 12 weeks of treatment. The proportion of patients who experienced a flare up of IBD was 17% in the celecoxb group and 19% in placebo group. No patients in either group died or experienced serious adverse events. There were no serious side effects in either study. The two studies did not provide enough data to determine the tolerability and side effects of celecoxIBD drugs in these patients. The quality of the evidence was low due to small sample sizes and short treatment durations. We need to be aware of the risks and benefits of these drugs when treating these patients in the short term.
We included 22 studies with a total of over 2310 participants. The studies mostly had small numbers of participants (from 4 to 317) and short follow-up periods (4 to 24 weeks). At baseline, six trials included only people with ulcers that were infected. One trial included people with both infected ulcers and people who had not been infected. The remaining 13 studies did not report infection status. These studies employed various topical antimicrobial treatments (e.g. silver sulphadiazine, tretinoin, chloramine, and chloramine). We performed the following five comparisons: 1. Antimicrobial dressings compared with non-antimicrobial dressing: We found five trials with 945 participants. These trials suggest that more wounds may heal when treated with a dressing made from an antimicrobial agent (i.e. silver, iodides) than with a dressings made from a non-imicrobial agent. 2. Topical antimicrobials compared with systemic antibiotics: There were four studies with 937 participants. We found no data on wound healing, and we are uncertain about the relative effects of these treatments for each of our outcomes, that is wound healing (the number of wounds that healed, the resolution of infection, and the number of people who were able to have a surgical resection of the wound), adverse events, or costs. There is probably little difference in the risk of adverse events between the two types of treatments. 3. Antibiotics compared with growth factor: We included one study with 40 participants. This study reported no information on wound-healing data. The only review-relevant outcome reported was number of ulcers healed, and these data were uncertain (very low-certainty evidence). The randomised controlled trial data on the effectiveness and safety of topical antibiotics for diabetic foot ulcers is limited by the availability of relatively few, mostly small, and often poorly designed trials. The evidence was generally of low or very low
We included six studies in this review that involved 5193 participants. We did not identify any new studies for inclusion in this update. We found that zinc supplementation in children reduces the risk of pneumonia by 13% (low-quality evidence). We also found that it reduces the number of children with pneumonia by 41%. On the basis of these results, we cannot draw any conclusions on the effect of zinc supplements on the incidence of pneumonia. However, we found that there was no effect on lower specificity (i.e. pneumonia defined by chest X-rays or chest radiographs) of lower chest indrawing. The quality of the evidence was low.
The review of trials found that low-dose vitamin A appears to have fewer side effects, at least equal to a high dose. Vitamin A should not be given to all children to prevent acute LRTIs.
The review of trials found that theophylline has a modest effect on airway pressure and lung function in people with COPD. It also slightly improves blood gas tensions in the lungs. These benefits were seen in people receiving a wide range of different bronchodilators. However, the quality of the trials was very low. There was a high dropout rate in these studies, which suggests that the people recruited to the studies may have been known by the investigators to be allergic to the drug.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that involved a total of 439 children, aged 1 year to 18 years, with egg allergy. Each study used a different method to provide oral immunotherapy. Three studies used a placebo (dummy treatment), and seven studies used an egg avoidance diet (e.g. avoiding eating eggs) as the control. All studies enrolled small numbers of children, and used different methods to provide the treatment. We found 10 trials that met our inclusion criteria. The trials were conducted in a variety of countries, and each study used an approach that was different from the other. The results of the trials showed that children who were treated for egg allergy were more likely to eat a full serving of egg (1 g to 7.5 g) than those who were not treated. However, most children (82%) were able to eat at least a small amount of egg, compared to 10% of the control group. Fewer than half (45%) of children (10%) of the children in the treatment group could eat full servings of egg. Mild-to-severe adverse events were frequent, with 75% of children having mild or severe adverse events. Of note, seven trials used a diet that avoided eggs. Adverse events were in 4.2% of people, which may relate to eating an egg-containing food. One in 12 children (8.4%) had a serious allergic reaction, and some children (1 in 12) had to be treated with epinephrine/adrenaline (an adrenaline drug) to stop them from eating eggs. The quality of the evidence was low due to the small number of children and events, and problems with some of the studies.
We included four randomised controlled trials involving a total of 579 participants. The evidence is current to August 2015. The review found that there is no evidence that an ILR-based diagnostic strategy reduces long-term mortality as compared to a standard diagnostic assessment. No data were available for short-term deaths. Data from two trials seemed to show no difference in quality of life, although this finding was not supported by a formal analysis due to differences in both the scores used and the way the data were reported. Cost analyses from two studies showed higher overall mean costs in the ILR group, if the costs incurred by the implant were counted. The average cost per diagnosis and the mean cost per arrhythmic diagnosis were lower for participants randomised to ILR implant. Moderate quality evidence shows that aetiologic diagnosis is more likely to be made with ILR than with a standard assessment. The quality of the evidence was very low due to the small number of studies and participants, and the fact that only two studies had considered death as a primary outcome. Further trials evaluating the effect of ILR in the diagnostic strategy of people with recurrent unexplained syncope are warranted. Future research should focus on the assessment of the ability of ILRs to change clinically relevant outcomes, such as quality oflife, syncope relapse and costs.
We found four small studies that met the inclusion criteria. These studies enrolled 275 patients with 282 hydroceles. All studies were assessed as having low or unclear risk of bias for selection bias (i.e. risk of overestimation of benefits and underestimation of harms) and selective reporting bias (bias). Blinding was not reported in any of the included studies. There was no difference in clinical cure between the two groups. However, there was significant heterogeneity (I² = 95%). This could be due to the agent used, the fact that this is a much older study and the other two studies were much older. When we removed this study from the analysis, the heterogeneity was 0% and the result was more in favour of surgery. The recurrence of the disease was higher in the surgery group (3 studies, 196 participants). There was an increase in recurrence (4 studies, 275 participants). One study reported a reduction in fever in the sclerotherapy group, however this result was not statistically significant. There were more infections in the surgical group, but there was no significant increase in the recurrence rate. There did not seem to be a difference in haematoma formation. Only one study reported patient satisfaction at three and six months; there were no significant difference between the groups. There is a great need for further rigorous RCTs that assess the use of different type of sclerosant agents, sclerosing solution concentration and injection volume. It is important that these studies have a sufficiently large sample size and long follow-up period. The protocols for all of the studies should be registered in clinical trial registries. The reports of these studies should conforming with international guidelines of trial reporting, such as CONSORT.
We included one randomised controlled trial (RCT) with 40 children with tracheomalacia and a respiratory tract infection. We assessed it to be at low risk of bias. We found that there was no significant difference between groups for the proportion cough-free at two weeks. However, the mean change in night time cough diary scores at night time, and the average change in daytime cough diary (from baseline) from baseline, was better in the placebo group, but this result did not reach levels of significance. Other outcomes (e.g. sputum test scores, and ability to breathe normally) and lung function tests were also better in children on placebo than nebulised rhDNase. It remains inconclusive whether the use of nebulized rDNase in children with airway malacia and respiratory tract infections is harmful. It is unlikely that any RCTs will ever be available on this type of illness. For those with less severe disease, RCT studies on interventions such as antibiotics, chest physiotherapy, and chest physiotherapies are clearly needed. These studies should measure the trachea and other aspects of the body’s response to treatment.
We included 21 studies with 2658 participants. All studies assessed the effectiveness of some form of psychological therapy. We found no studies that included physical therapy. Fourteen of the 21 studies compared psychological therapies with usual care or a waiting list. The remaining 14 studies compared forms of cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT), third-wave CBT, and integrative therapy. Duration of follow-up varied between two weeks and 24 months. Most of the studies were conducted in healthcare settings and the open population. Most studies were at high risk of bias. In all studies, participants were willing to take part in the treatment. In daily practice, there was also a substantial proportion of participants who did not accept psychotherapy. It is unclear how large this group is and how this affects the relevance of these therapies in clinical practice. The quality of the evidence was rated as low to moderate. The main reasons for this were lack of blinding of study participants, therapists, and outcome assessors, and poor reporting of adverse events.
We included 63 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in this updated review. In total, we included a total of 3027 participants in the review. We were able to synthesize data on regional anaesthesia for the prevention of PPP three to 18 months after surgery from 39 RCTs. We did not include data for the surgical subgroups of limb amputation, repair of hernia, heart surgery and laparotomy. We found that epidural anaesthesia may reduce the risk of having PPP after thoracotomy, three to six months after breast cancer surgery. There is low-quality evidence that intravenous infusion of local anaesthetics may prevent PPP in breast cancer patients. We could not pool data for adverse effects, because the included studies did not examine adverse effects systematically. The quality of the evidence was low or moderate for all outcomes. The main reasons for downgrading the quality of evidence were poor reporting, missing data and lack of blinding. We conclude that there is moderate quality evidence that there may be a reduction in PPP at three to 12 months after the operation of the thoracoscopes. However, our conclusions are based on only a few small studies. Larger, high-quality studies, including children, are needed.
Twenty-eight trials involving a total of 1742 people were included in the review. Twenty-eight of these trials compared different types of antipsychotics (flupenthixol, haloperidol, thiothixene, olanzapine, ziprasidone), mood stabilisers (carbamazepine, valproate semisodium, lamotrigine, topiramate, fluoxetine, phenelzine sulfate, and omega-3 fatty acids), and dietary supplementation to treat BPD. All drugs were well tolerated in terms of attrition. The findings were suggestive in supporting the use of second-generation (first-generation) antipsychotic drugs, mood stabiliser drugs, and dietary supplements. The long-term use of these drugs has not been assessed. There were few data on adverse events. There was a possible increase in self-harm, weight gain and sedation, and changes in haemogram parameters. No promising results were found for the core BPD symptoms of feelings of emptiness, identity disturbance, and abandonment. Antidepressants were not widely supported for BPD treatment, but may be helpful in the presence of BPD-related conditions.
We included seven trials involving a total of 349 participants, 217 of whom completed the studies. Of these, two trials were added for this update. Three trials were cross-over and four were parallel-group trials (RCTs). We are uncertain if washout solutions (saline or acidic), compared to no washout, has an important effect on the rate of symptoms or length of time that each catheter was in situ. Four trials compared washout (either saline or acid) with washout. Two trials assessed only three of the eight comparison groups identified. One trial assessed the same washout solution (stronger or weaker) in two groups. The other provided data for only four participants. Two of the trials had limited clinical value. The evidence was of low or very low quality. There were very few small trials that met the inclusion criteria. The high risk of bias of the included studies meant that the results were not reliable. Only one trial was free of significant methodological limitations. The included studies reported data on six of the nine primary and secondary outcomes. None of the studies looked at: number of catheters used, washout use, patient discomfort, pain and ease of use. Very limited data were collected for health-related outcomes. Two studies reported in more than one comparison group. We were not able to combine the results of the three trials because they were not of high quality. Three of the four trials were too small to detect benefits from washout and one trial had a small number of participants. The results of this review are up-to-date as of February 2015.
We included 30 studies (18,682 participants in total) in this review. Eighteen studies contributed to the main objective of the review, which was to assess the prevalence of severe fatigue in survivors of childhood cancer. The remaining 22 studies contributed their own objectives. The evidence is current to September 2016. Eight studies (describing 14,573 survivors) reported the prevalence for severe fatigue, which ranged from 0% to 61.7%. In a subgroup of three studies including children aged up to 18 years at fatigue assessment (268 survivors), the prevalence rates ranged from 6.7% to 12.5%. In comparison, in a group of 12 studies including participants aged 16 and over (13,952 survivors) the prevalence ranged from 4.8% to 35.9%. In seven studies (1907 survivors) survivors of haematological cancer were presented in seven studies, and the prevalence was 14.6% and 21.1% respectively. One study (17 survivors) provided a prevalence for bone cancer survivors of 0.0%. Four studies provided the percentage of survivors of siblings or population-based controls, who were more often fatigued than controls, but this difference was statistically significant in only two studies. Studies assessing risk and associated factors for fatigue were heterogeneous, and definitions of the factors under study were often inconsistent, with results therefore presented descriptively. They found that depression might be associated with fatigue. In contrast, age at diagnosis and education level did not seem to be linked to fatigue. It is unclear how many childhood cancer survivors suffer from severe fatigue. We found statistical and clinical heterogeneity and great variation in the reporting of possible risk and related factors. All included studies scored at least one 'Risk of bias' item as unclear or high risk. We identified both clinical and statistical heterogeneity and therefore could not pool results, so we present them as described. We were unable to calculate any overall risk estimate for any of the reported risks or associated factors, because we could
We included 36 trials involving 6914 people. There was variation in the antibiotics used, patient characteristics and risk of RTIs in the control groups. In trials comparing a combination of topical and systemic antibiotics, there was a reduction in RTIs and death rates in the treated group. However, this was not found in trials comparing the use of topical antimicrobials alone. The risk of resistance occurring as a negative consequence of antibiotic use was not explored in one trial.
This review of five studies found insufficient evidence to support the use of physical restraints in nursing homes and group dwelling units. One study in the nursing home setting found an increase in PR use, while the other three studies found reduced PR use in the intervention groups. The single study examining residents in a group dwelling unit found no change in PR usage in the control group. There is not enough evidence to assess the effects of educational interventions targeting nursing staff for preventing or reducing the use or misuse of PR in geriatric long-term care.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared glucocorticoid supplementation with placebo (dummy pill) during IVF stimulation. The trials included 416 women. Two of the studies had data we could not enter into analysis, so results from only two trials (310) women). For the outcome live birth, data were available for 212 women, but the larger study had data from only one study centre. One of the two studies gave inadequate description of the methods used to randomise the women to the treatment groups. The other was at low risk of bias. The evidence was rated as low or very low quality for all outcomes, mainly due to small sample sizes and few events. We were unable to determine whether there was any difference in live birth rate between the two groups. There was also no conclusive evidence of a difference in the number of women who became pregnant. If the chance of live birth was assumed to be 15%, then the chance following supplementation would be 7% to 31%. The evidence suggests that if the chance for live birth with placebo was 15%, the chance would be between 7% and 31%. There was not enough evidence to conclude whether there is any difference between the groups in the clinical pregnancy rate. The results of this review suggest that there may be little or no impact on live birth rates, but more research is needed. The studies did not report OHSS or side-effects. We rated the quality of the evidence as low to very low, mainly because of the small number of studies and low event rates.
We included eight trials (291 participants, aged between five and 23 years) in this review. Seven trials compared standard-dose rhGH (approximately 0.3 mg/kg/week) to no treatment and one three-arm trial compared placebo (dummy treatment) to three doses of rhGH. Six trials lasted for one year. Two trials for six months. We found that rhGH treatment may improve some of the pulmonary function outcomes, but there was no difference between standard and high dose levels. There was some evidence of improvement in height, weight, lean body mass, but improvements in weight and lean muscle mass were only seen for standard- dose rhGH versus no treatment. There is some evidence that there is a change in blood glucose levels with rhGH, but this did not reach the threshold for diabetes. The small number of trials and the short duration of the trials limit our confidence in the results. One small trial provided some evidence on quality of life, but it was not consistent across the trials. None of the included trials have systematically compared the cost of treatment on overall healthcare costs. When compared with no treatment, rhGH therapy is effective in improving the intermediate outcomes (height, weight and muscle mass) in people with CF. Some measures of pulmonary function showed moderate improvement, but no consistent benefit was seen across all trials.
We included 26 studies with a total of 1,695 participants in this review. The studies compared removal from exposure and reduction of exposure to continued exposure, or to reduced exposure. We found that removal of exposure may improve symptoms and lung function, and it may improve asthma symptoms, compared with continued exposure. Reduction of exposure was achieved by limiting use of the agent, improving ventilation, or using the same job; by changing to another job; or by implementing education. In 18 studies, we found that people who were removed from exposure may be more likely to report that they had no symptoms of asthma. In seven studies, people who had reduced exposure may have been less likely to have asthma symptoms. There may be no difference in the number of people reporting symptoms between those who had reduction and those who did not. In ten studies, there may be little or no difference between groups in terms of symptoms. In two studies, the risk of being unemployed may be increased. The quality of the evidence is very low. More high-quality studies are needed to assess the effectiveness of workplace interventions for workplace asthma.
The review included six trials with a total of 1758 participants. All participants were from the outpatient setting and had nonerosive reflux disease. They were aged 48 to 57 years, except for one trial that had a mean age of 73 years. Five trials investigated on-demand use of PPI and one trial examined abrupt stopping. The evidence is current to September 2014. There was low quality evidence that on- demand use of oral PPI may increase the risk of symptom control compared with continuous use of the drug. There is also low-quality evidence that PPI use may be associated with reduced participant satisfaction. There were insufficient data to make a conclusion regarding long-term benefits and harms of stopping PPI. None of the included studies reported cost/resource use or positive drug withdrawal effects. In people with mild gastro-oesophageal disease (e.g. dyspepsia, regurgitation), deprescribing may lead to an increase in GI symptoms and probably a reduction in pill burden, but there was a decline in participant satisfaction, although heterogeneity was high.
We included 13 randomised trials with a total of 995 participants. These evaluated social skills programmes versus standard care, or discussion group. We found evidence that social skills training may improve the social skills of people with schizophrenia and reduce relapse rates, but at present, the evidence is very limited with data rated as very low quality. We also found that rates of relapse and rehospitalisation were lower for social skills compared to standard care and participants’ mental state results were better in the group receiving social skill programmes. Global state was measured in one trial by numbers not experiencing a clinical improvement, results favoured social skills (1 RCT, n = 67, RR 0.29 CI 0.12 to 0.68). Quality of life was also improved in the participants receiving social skills programme compared to those receiving standard care. However, when social skills were compared to a discussion group control, we found no significant differences in social functioning, relapse rates or mental state or quality of life, again the quality of evidence for these outcomes was very low. When social skills was compared to discussion there was no difference on patients outcomes. Cultural differences might limit the applicability of the current results, as most reported studies were conducted in China. Whether social skills programs can improve social functioning in different settings remains unclear and should be investigated in a large multi-centre randomised controlled trial.
We found only one study, at low risk of bias, that compared pegloticase with placebo. This study included 225 participants, 145 with tophi at the start of the trial. The participants were randomised to one of three groups: one group received a single weekly infusion, the other group received two weeks (biweekly) and the third group received monthly ( alternating with a placebo infusion every two weeks) and placebo. The results of this study showed that biweekly (two weeks) or monthly (two to three times a week) infusion reduced tophi in the subset of participants who had tophi, but increased withdrawals due to adverse events in all participants, and monthly infusion appeared to result in less benefit. Eleven of 52 participants who received monthly infusion had complete resolution of one or more tophi compared with 2/27 who received placebo. Most withdrawals were due to infusion reactions. Pegloticase administered biweekly resulted in more participants withdrawing from the study due to side effects than placebo (15/85 participants with tophosphamide versus 1/43 participants with placebo; number needed to treat for an additional harmful outcome (NNTH) 7, 95% confidence intervals (CI) 4 to 17; NNTH) 6, and 16/84 participants withdrew from the placebo group (RR 8.19, 95 CI 1.12 to 59.71). Most of the side effects reported by participants in the study were related to flare-ups of gout, probably unrelated to the drug treatment per se, which may explain the high rate of side effects in participants who were treated with placebo (RR 0.99, 95CI 0.91 to 1.07). This study showed a benefit in terms of resolution of tophi but with a high risk of adverse infusion reactions (RR 1.05, 95 IC 0.98 to 2.14). However, there is a need for more RCT data considering other interventions, including surgery to remove tophi.
This review identified five studies on oral immunoglobulin (IgG) for the prevention of NEC. Three studies met the inclusion criteria for this review. Based on the available trials, the review found that oral IgG or an IgG/IgA combined treatment did not reduce the risk of NEC in newborn infants. Oral IgA alone did not prevent NEC.
The review of trials found that chemotherapy after hysterectomy and radiotherapy reduces the risk of being dead at any time point. Chemotherapy may also be an alternative to radiotherapy and has added value when used with radiotherapy. The risk of developing a new tumour outside the pelvis is reduced by 5% when postoperative platinum based chemotherapy is used. The analysis of pelvic recurrence rates is underpowered, but the trend suggests that chemotherapy may be less effective than radiotherapy in a direct comparison.
We included 35 studies, from a wide range of countries on six continents. Nineteen studies were conducted in low- and middle-income countries and sixteen in high-income settings. The studies covered a range of targeted client communication, for example, medication or appointment reminders, prenatal health information, or support for smoking cessation. Some of the studies asked what people felt they would like from such a programme. Our results show that clients' views of these types of programmes were mixed. Some felt that they felt more connected to the people who sent them messages, as they felt that someone was taking the time to send them messages. They also described sharing these messages with their friends and family. Some clients had poor access to cell networks and to the internet. Others had no phone, lost or broken their phone, could not afford airtime, or had changed their phone number. The cost of messages could also be a problem. Language issues and skills in reading, writing, and using mobile phones could be problems. Clients who had HIV, family planning, or abortion care may have been concerned about the messages being sent to them, and some clients suggested ways to deal with these issues. They wanted messages at a time and frequency that was convenient. They had preferences for different delivery channels, e.g. short message service (SMS). They also had preferences about message content. They shared their views about who sent the messages, and this could influence their views of the programme. For a summary of the findings and our confidence in the evidence, see the 'Summary of qualitative findings' table.
This review identified 23 randomised controlled trials involving 2467 people. The results indicate that the medications used in the included studies are similar in terms of overall effectiveness, although symptoms experienced by participants differed according to the medication used and the program adopted. Data from literature are hardly comparable; programs vary widely with regard to the assessment of outcome measures, impairing the application of meta-analysis. The studies included in this review confirm that slow tapering with temporary substitution of long-acting opioids, can reduce withdrawal severity. Nevertheless, the majority of patients relapsed to heroin use.
This review found nine studies involving 1109 participants. Antagonist-induced withdrawal is a more intense but less prolonged treatment than reduction of methadone, and doses of naltrexone sufficient for blockade of opioid effects can be established much more quickly. The level of sedation does not affect the intensity and duration of withdrawal. There is a higher risk of side effects with heavy, compared to light, sedation. The high cost of anaesthesia and the use of scarce intensive care resources mean that this form of treatment should not be pursued.
We included fourteen studies in the review. The evidence is current to September 2013. The studies were of short duration and involved a total of 14 participants. The review found that, compared to other typical antipsychotics, there was no evidence of a difference in effectiveness between molindone and placebo. There was also no evidence that it was any more or less likely than other typical drugs to cause movement disorders, but it did cause significantly more weight loss. The strength of the evidence relating to this compound is limited, owing to small sample size, poor study design, limited outcomes and incomplete reporting. There is no evidence to suggest that it may have an atypical profile.
We included 20 studies with a total of 2125 participants covering 23 different treatments. Each study involved a different set of interventions. They can be grouped into those including hydroquinone cream, rucinol, vitamin C, and Gigawhite cream. Triple-combination creams (triple cream plus tretinoin) were more effective at lightening melasma than a single cream. Azelaic acid (20%) was more effective than 2% of the total dose (2.6%) but not when compared to 4%. In two studies where tretinosin was compared to placebo, participants rated their melasma as significantly improved in one study but not the other. In both studies by other objective measures t retinoin treatment significantly reduced the severity of melasma. Thiospot was more active than placebo but the adverse events most commonly reported were mild and transient such as skin irritation, itching, burning, and stinging. The quality of studies evaluating melasma treatments was generally poor and available treatments inadequate. High-quality randomised controlled trials on well-defined participants with long-term outcomes to determine the duration of response are needed.
Twelve trials, which randomised 1319 participants, were included in the review. All studies were a minimum of one year long. A significant reduction in surgical failure in the first year after trabeculectomy was detected in eyes at high risk of failure (e.g. those having surgery for the first time) and those undergoing surgery for their first time. This reduction was seen in both the high-risk and the low-risk groups. No surgical failures were detected in the combined surgery group. Intraocular pressure was also reduced in the high risk group receiving 5-FU postoperatively. No difference occurred in the surgery group receiving low-dose postoperative 5.FU. No evidence was found of an increase in the risk of serious sight-threatening complications. The quality of the evidence varied between the trials, most notably in the subgroups and outcomes. The combined surgery subgroup was not included in this review because no surgical failures have been reported, and the sample size was small. The low- and high-dose group were not included because of the small sample size (n = 76) and risk of bias of the one contributing study. None of the trials reported on the patients' perspective of care. The results of this review should be viewed with caution, as the quality of evidence was very low. This means that further research is likely to have an impact on our confidence in the results.
This review of 50 studies with 16,154 participants found that inhaled steroids may slow the rate of flare-ups of COPD. Long-term use of ICS did not show any effect on lung function. There was an increase in the risk of pneumonia in the long-term studies. There were no major differences in bone mineral density, fractures, or death rates. Longer term use of steroids did not seem to slow the decline in lung function, but there was an increased risk of hoarseness and oropharyngeal candidiasis.
We included 80 randomised controlled trials (5820 women) in this review. They compared 20 different NSAIDs (18 non-selective and two COX-2-specific) with placebo (a pretend drug) or each other. Most of the studies were commercially funded. NSAIDs appeared to be more effective for pain relief than placebo. However, NSAIDs caused more side effects (overall side effects: 25 RCTs, low quality evidence). NSAIDs were associated with more adverse effects (e.g. gastrointestinal side effects, neurological side effects). The evidence suggests that if 10% of women taking placebo experience a side effect, between 11% and 14% taking NSAIDs will do so. There was no evidence of a difference with regard to side effects between NSAIDs and other NSAIDs, though there were very few data. There is not enough evidence to be sure which (if any) NSAID is the best for the treatment of dysmenorrhoea.
We included seven studies that compared high versus low levels of PEEP (2565 participants). In five of the studies (2417 participants), a comparison was made between high and low PEEP with the same volume in both groups, but in the remaining two (148 participants) studies, the volume of the PEEP was different. We found that there was no difference in the risk of death before discharge from the ICU in the high-PEEP group. Oxygenation was improved in both high- and low-level PEEP groups. The number of ventilator-free days did not differ between the two groups. We also found that high-pitched ventilatory ventilation did not reduce the risk that a person would have a barotrauma (head injury). We found no evidence of a difference in length of stay in the intensive care unit (ICU). The subgroup of participants with ARDS showed a decrease in death in ICU, although it must be noted that in two of the three included studies the authors used a strategy involving a low volume and high levels of ventilation. This review indicates that the included studies were diverse in their methods.
This review included 42 studies involving 11,399 patients. Fifteen studies were excluded from the original review due to concerns about the integrity of the data and six studies did not provide enough data to be included in the review. The review found that all HES products increase the risk of AKI and RRT in all patient populations. The risk of kidney failure was increased in the HES group compared to the control group. There was an increase in the need for kidney transplantation and the number of patients with kidney failure. There were no differences between the subgroups for sepsis and non-sepsis based outcomes. The overall quality of the studies was good.
We identified nine studies that enrolled a total of 682 participants. Seven studies compared Rheum officinale with no treatment and two compared it with captopril, a drug used to lower blood pressure. The evidence is current to September 2014. The review found that Rheam officinare had a positive effect on SCr and BUN levels in patients with CKD. However, no significant difference was demonstrated in relation to BUN, CrCl, or patients' capacity to undertake work. No data were available on all-cause mortality or cost of treatment. Only minor side effects were reported. The quality of the evidence was low or very low, mainly due to the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants. There is no current evidence to support any recommendation for its use.
We found 13 papers, representing data from 2745 individuals (n = 1413) with dementia. The IQCODE can be used to identify older adults in the general hospital setting, who are at risk of dementia, and require specialist assessment. It is also useful to exclude those who do not appear to be at risk. We found no significant differences in test accuracy of the short (16-item) versus the 26-item test, or in the language of administration. The language of the questionnaire itself did not affect test accuracy. The quality of the included studies was not high. There were problems with the design of some of the studies, which means that the results may not be generalisable. There was also evidence of poor reporting of some aspects of the way the studies were carried out, particularly around disease severity, and how they dealt with indeterminate results.
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 91 participants. All three studies investigated various types and intensities of rehabilitation programmes following BoNT. In all studies, participants were adults with chronic stroke. There was 'low quality' evidence that mCIMT, a form of movement therapy, improved function and spasticity in people with upper limb stroke. There was no evidence that there was any benefit of dynamic elbow splinting, occupational, manual, or dynamic elbow extension splintings. No trials explored the effect of MD rehabilitation on passive function (e.g. caring for the affected limb), caregiver load, or individual's priority goals for treatment. No studies looked at interventions in children and those with lower limb weakness, after stroke, or after other types of treatment. We rated the quality of the evidence as 'low' for all three outcomes. This means that further research is likely to have an impact on the results of this review. There is a need for more research in this area.
We identified four randomised clinical trials, recruiting 136 participants. Two trials compared the treatment of patients with chronic HBV with lamivudine and HBIg, and two trials compared HBIG alone and lamivUDine alone. The trials did not show a difference in HBV recurrence. A third trial compared the combination of lamivudiudine, hibigine, and adefovir (a drug used to treat HBV infection) with the combined treatment of lamvudine alone, and a fourth trial compared a combination of laminoprazole and hibibizole with a single dose of lamivanipramine. The four trials were open-labelled, and none of the trials were large enough to show a clear difference in the risk of recurrence of HBV. We could not derive clear evidence from these trials for the use of long-term combination treatment for patients with HBV following liver transplantation. More trials are needed.
The review of trials found that sugar pill (sulphonylurea) was no better than insulin in terms of controlling blood sugar levels at three months (one study, n = 15) and at 12 months (n = 14) of follow-up. In addition, there was evidence that sugary drink (SU) caused earlier insulin dependence (two studies, 30% in the SU group, compared to 5%) and patients classified as insulin dependent (four studies, 160 participants). In one study (74 participants) there was no difference in fasting C-peptide levels (three months) between the two groups. However, one study using GAD65 (glutamic acid decarboxylase formulated with zinc hydroxide) showed that it maintained a steady fasting and stimulated blood glucose levels. One study showed that vitamin D with insulin (20 μg per day) may protect pancreatic beta cells (a protein in the pancreas) in LADA. There were no data on health-related quality of life (a measure of a person’s health status), complications of diabetes, cost or the use of health service utilisation, mortality and side effects. The review found no evidence that sugar pills (or sugar pills) are better than other treatments for LADA, but there was some evidence that they may lead to poorer blood sugar control. There was no information on side effects (studies on oral drugs or insulin reported no side effects). The review concluded that there is not enough evidence to decide whether sugar pills are better or worse than insulin for the treatment of LADA and that more research is needed.
We included 70 studies (44,958 participants) in the review, and 63 studies (42,784 participants in the meta-analyses) in our meta-analysis. Overall, the risk of bias assessment showed that these studies were at moderate or low quality. Outcomes at four or more months after the end of the intervention were of particular interest. We have pooled effects of social norms interventions for the prevention of alcohol misuse. We found that no substantive meaningful benefits were found for social norms in the long term. The effects were too small to be of relevance for policy and practice. Moreover, the effects were not consistent for all misuse measures. The results of this review indicate that there is not enough evidence to be sure that social norms can prevent alcohol misuse among college/university students.
We included three trials with a total of 492 participants who had received 530 THA. The evidence presented was of very low quality. One study (81 participants) compared outcomes for participants who were given hip precautions, equipment and functional restrictions with those who were not. There were no incidences of hip dislocation or adverse events in either group in the initial 12 postoperative months. We are uncertain if the provision of hip precautions with or without the use of equipment and restrictions to functional activities improved function at 12 month follow-up. We were also uncertain if people who received hip precautions were more satisfied with the rate of recovery. The study did not measure pain, function, HRQOL, re-operations or total adverse events. One trial (265 participants; 303 THAs) compared hip precautions without the addition of postoperative equipment, restrictions or restrictions to activities. There was no difference in the number of people with hip dislocations between those who had hip precautions versus those who did not. This study was of low quality, which means that we are uncertain about the results. We also did not find enough evidence to show whether there was a difference between the groups in terms of pain score, the incidence of re-operation, the re-operative rate or total side-effects. One small study (146 participants) looked at whether there were any differences between an enhanced education and rehabilitation service on hospital discharge to promote functional ADL and a conventional rehabilitation programme. There is no evidence that there was any difference between these interventions. The quality of the evidence was very low. The main reasons for this were the small numbers of participants in the studies, poor reporting of the methods used, and the fact that the results were not consistent across trials. Further high-quality trials are warranted to assess the outcomes of different types of interventions both in the short and longer term. An assessment of the impact of pain and restriction on personal ADL, EADL, and instrumental ADL is needed
We found three randomised controlled trials that compared LNG-IUD use with expectant management. In two trials, there was a reduction in the rate of painful periods in women who had an IUD. In one trial, women in the LNG group noted lower pain scores than those in the gonadotrophin-based group, but this did not reach statistical significance. There was no difference in the number of women who were satisfied with their treatment. In the other trial, more women using LNG IUDs reported a change in their menstrual cycle, but there was no clear difference between the two groups. There is limited but consistent evidence that postoperative LNG (low-cost and easy to use) IUD use reduces the risk of painful menstrual periods. Further well-designed RCTs are needed to confirm these findings.
We included 24 studies, with the majority (20/24) giving concerns about risk of bias. All studies were conducted in high-income countries, predominantly in the USA. Six studies investigated changes to the number of foods available, and four changed the proportion of less-healthy (to healthier) options. Most studies (4/6) changed how snack foods or drinks were placed. Most of the studies (14/18) changed the distance at which a snack food or drink was placed, whilst four studies changed the order of meal components in a line. All of the included studies looked at food products; none looked at alcohol. The evidence is current to September 2015. The majority of studies were carried out in laboratory settings (14 of24), with adult participants (17/24), and used between-participants designs (19/24). The majority (14%) of studies took place in the United States, and all but one (14) were funded by government or non-profit organisations. We found that people who were exposed to fewer options of foods (three studies, 154 participants) were more likely to select the targeted food(s) (low certainty evidence). However, the certainty of this evidence was low or very low. People exposed to less healthy options (two studies, 150 participants) consumed fewer foods (moderate certainty evidence), but with considerable uncertainty (low confidence in the results). People exposed (12 studies, 1098 participants) to food placed farther away (low quality evidence) were less likely to consume those foods (very low certainty evidence) but this effect was greater when only the targeted product was available; when participants were of low deprivation status; and when the study was at high risk of systematic error (bias). The current evidence suggests that changing the number and location of foods or changing the way foods are placed could contribute to meaningful changes in behaviour, justifying policy actions to promote such changes within food environments. To enable more certain and generalisable conclusions about these
We found no randomized controlled trials evaluating the effect of PEP on HIV seroconversion. Only one case-control study was included. This study showed that PEP is not 100% effective in preventing HIV Seroconversion, but that it may reduce the risk of HIV infection. However, it is based on a single study. There is no direct evidence to support the use of a single antiretroviral drug for occupational PEP. There was no clear evidence that a combination of drugs was better than a single drug, but there were more side effects with a three-drug regimen. We recommend that a four-week PEP regimen should be started as soon as possible after being exposed to HIV. Healthcare workers should be counseled about the expected side effects, and should also be advised that they should be warned that the current PEP regime is not completely safe.
This review found that CBT is a useful approach to the treatment of chronic pain. CBT has small to moderate effects on pain, disability, mood, and catastrophising, but not on pain or mood, when compared with treatment as usual/waiting list, or with other treatments. It has no effects on mood, but shows a small effect on mood immediately post-treatment. Behavioural therapy has weak effects in improving pain, but is effective in improving mood and disability, and there is some evidence that this effect remains at six months. There is not enough evidence to be sure which components of CBT work best, and to try to understand why.
We included 15 national initiatives, including more than 260,000 people, in this review. None of the initiatives were provided in low-income countries. Ten of the 15 initiatives provided data for quantitative analysis of impact (64,798 participants). Five of these showed a decrease in salt intake per person from the start of the intervention to the end of it. Five of the 10 showed a change in average daily salt intake. Two showed an increase in average salt intake, but in both countries the data were from several years prior to the initiation of the program. The remaining five did not show a change. Of those seven, four showed a reduction in the average salt amount per person, and one showed a difference in the mean salt intake between groups. Information was insufficient to show whether a difference occurred between men and women. For men, five initiatives (Austria, China, Finland, France, United Kingdom), three (Netherlands, Switzerland, and United States) showed no change and one (Canada) showed a mean increase in the amount of salt per person. For women, three initiatives (China, Finland and France) showed an average decrease in mean salt consumption from the beginning of the programme to the finish of it and two (Canada, United States and United Kingdom) showed increases in salt consumption. We found no adverse effects of these initiatives. We graded the evidence as very low due to the risk of bias of the studies, as well as variation in the direction and size of effect across the studies. All studies were scored as having high risks of bias. This means that we cannot be certain of the results. The quality of the evidence for the main outcome was low. We could perform a sensitivity analysis for impact. The number of initiatives was not large enough to permit other subgroup analyses. Many studies had some methodological strengths, including large, representative samples of the population. However, these studies were of low quality.
We included seven studies in the review. All studies had a small number of participants (ranging from seven to 16 people per study) and had a cross-over design. Three studies were of low risk of bias, while four were of uncertain risk. Amitriptyline (three studies), bromocriptine (one study), clonidine (one), propranolol (one, one study), levodopa (one) and tryptophan (1 study) were all compared with placebo. The results for each of the drugs were imprecise and we could not tell whether they had any effect or harm. We combined the results for the following outcomes: 1. The effects of the medications on sleep motor activity. 2. Effects on the number of episodes of bruxism. 3. Quality of life. 4. Side effects. 5. Sleep duration, masseteric electromyography (EMG) activity per minute and pain intensity. 6. The use of preventive medication avoided any side effects. There was insufficient evidence on the effectiveness of medicines for the treatment of sleep-bruxism in adults. There is a need for more studies with larger numbers of participants and longer follow-up periods. Ideally, parallel RCTs should be used in future studies.
We included 10 randomized controlled trials with a total of 1015 participants. All studies compared an enteral formula or additional supplements of omega 3 fatty acids and/or antioxidants (i.e. eicosapentaenoic acid (e.g. omega-3 fatty acids), docosahexaenoside (DHA) and gamma-linolenic acid), and antioxidants. The studies were heterogenous in nature and varied in a number of ways, such as type and duration of interventions given, the amount of nutrients given, and how long the studies were conducted. We assessed some of the studies as being at high risk of bias due to flaws in the way they were carried out. We are uncertain of the effects of immunonutrition on death from any cause. For the main outcome, we found no difference in death due to any cause with the use of an immune-supplemented enteral nutrition. For other outcomes, we are uncertain whether the length of stay in the intensive care unit (ICU) or ventilator days (both on average 2.24 days) or oxygenation (at day 4) was improved with the addition of omega-2 fatty acids or antioxidants. For adverse events, we were uncertain of these effects, as the confidence intervals were very low. The evidence is up-to-date as of August 2018. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to low, depending on the type of study.
We included 33 studies in the review, which compared different methods of eliciting AEs. We found that more specific questioning led to more AEs being detected by a more specific enquiry than a more general enquiry. We also found that there was a risk that the AEs could be under-detected in studies using a single, more general, question method. However, it is not clear whether this was due to the way in which the questions were asked. There was no clear difference in the nature of AEs between the two methods. The quality of the methods used in the studies was low, which means that we cannot be sure that they are accurate. There is a need for more research in this field. Future studies would be better by using clear definitions and terms for AEs (and other important variables), frequency and time period of the study, how AEs were ascertained, how they were graded, and how the results were reported. They would also need to use methods that are easy for both staff and patients to use. Any chosen method needs to be feasible for use by both staff in the study and participants.
We found 15 studies that assessed interventions to prevent SUDEP in people with epilepsy. We found very low-quality evidence of a protective effect for nocturnal supervision of people with SUDEP. This effect was found for the presence of a supervising person and for the use of a device to detect GTCS, but this effect was not found in people who shared the same bedroom or when special precautions were used. We did not find evidence of an effect on the number of deaths, anxiety, depression, and quality of life. The quality of the evidence was very low. More research is needed to assess the effects of other current interventions, such as seizure detection devices (i.e. devices that sense seizures), safety pillows, SSRIs (anti-seizure drugs), early surgical evaluation, educational programmes, and opiate and adenosine antagonists (antiepileptic drugs).
This review included seven studies with a total of 208 people with cystic fibrosis. The age of participants ranged between seven and 63 years with a wide range of disease severity. Six studies enrolled people who were stable, whilst one study included people who had been hospitalised with an infective flare up of their disease. The studies lasted between four days and two years. All of the studies looked at the effects of autogenic drainage on lung function, sputum weight and quality of life. There were no studies looking at the effect of exercise. The review found that there was not enough evidence to show that autogenic ventilation is better than other forms of airway clearance. Six of the seven studies measured the amount of air that people could breathe out of their lungs and three of them measured how much air they could breathe. There was no difference between any of the techniques used with respect to these outcomes. One study reported on side effects and described a decrease in blood oxygen levels whilst performing an active cycle of breathing techniques, but did not find any difference between the techniques. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. The main reasons for this were the frequent use of a cross-over design, bias in the way the studies were carried out and the lack of blinding of participants.
This review found that psychological therapies, based on CBT principles, are more effective than TAU/WL in the short-term treatment of GAD. However, the body of evidence for CBT is small and heterogeneous. Further studies examining non-CBT models are needed to inform health care policy on which forms of psychological therapy are best for GAD treatment.
The review of trials found that there may be a reduction in the number of miscarriages for women who have had three or more consecutive miscarriages. There was probably a slight benefit for women in the rate of live birth rate. There may be little or no difference in the risk of preterm birth. The trials did not report on any other important outcomes for the babies, such as adverse events such as low birthweight. The quality of the evidence was moderate. The majority of trials were at low risk of bias for most of the domains.
We included 14 studies with a total of 1298 participants. Nine studies (704 participants) compared CM vs. control, and five studies (594 participants) examined MIB interventions versus control. We did not find any studies that assessed other types of psychosocial interventions. The evidence is current to September 2016. The included studies were of moderate to low quality. For the most part, it was unclear if included studies adequately controlled for biases within their studies as such information was not often reported. We assessed risk of bias in the included studies relating to participant selection, allocation concealment, personnel and outcome assessor blinding, and attrition. For studies that did measure such outcomes, no difference was observed in pre-term birth rates (three studies, 264 participants), maternal toxicity at delivery (two studies, 217 participants), or low birth weight (one study, 160 participants). However, the results did show that neonates remained in hospital for fewer days after delivery in CM intervention groups (two trials, 103 participants). There were no differences observed at the end of studies in retention or abstinence (as assessed by positive drug test) in any group compared to control (low quality evidence). These results held for both CM and MIB combined. Overall, the quality of the evidence was low to moderate. The present evidence suggests that there is no difference in treatment outcomes to address drug use in pregnant women with use of psychological interventions, when taken in the presence of other comprehensive care options. However, few studies evaluated obstetrical or neonatal outcomes and rarely did so in a systematic way, making it difficult to assess the effect of these interventions on these clinically important outcomes. It is important to develop a better evidence base to evaluate psychological modalities of treatment in this important population.
We identified 31 studies (44 reports) including 27,071 participants. The risk of bias in the studies was low or unclear for several domains. Transradial approach for diagnostic CA or PCI (or both) in CAD may reduce short-term adverse events (i.e. adverse events that occur during the course of treatment), cardiac death, bleeding, and access site complications. However, the risk of death due to any cause (e.g. myocardial infarction) was similar between both groups (high quality evidence). There is insufficient evidence regarding the long-term outcomes.
We found two studies of palliative care interventions for people with advanced dementia. Both studies were at high risk of bias, in part because participants knew which treatment they were receiving. We could not combine data from the two studies, as the studies measured 31 different outcomes. One study (99 participants) looked at the effect of a group of people with dementia who were hospitalised for an acute illness. The other study (256 participants, each enrolled with a family carer) evaluated the effect on end-of-life feeding options for people who were carers of nursing home residents. The two studies did not measure the same outcome. We found no evidence that the intervention affected death in hospital, decisions to forgo cardiac resuscitation or the quality of the care provided during hospital admission. For the latter outcome, there were low event rates. In this study, carers were more likely than carers in the control group to discuss the option of feeding options with a clinician, but the results were imprecise. We conclude that there is not enough evidence to assess the effect. There are six ongoing studies, which we expect to include in future versions of this review. There is a need for more research in this area. The certainty of all the evidence was very low. This means that we cannot be certain about the results. There were only two included studies in this review, with variation in the interventions and in the settings. This meant that we could not pool the data.
Three randomised controlled trials were included in this review. There were no significant differences in local recurrence, overall survival, relapse-free survival, and metastasis (cancer spread to other parts of the body) between the two methods of sequencing adjuvant therapy. In one trial (244 women) the use of RT before CT was associated with an increased risk of neutropenic sepsis (low white blood cell counts), but other measures of side effects did not differ. The results of this review, from three well-designed randomised trials, suggest that there is not enough evidence to show that one method of sequencing is better than the other.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving a total of 622 participants. The RCTs were conducted in the community setting, with interventions mainly delivered by health professionals, and had a short-term follow up (up to 24 weeks). Three studies compared CrP plus resistance or weight training with placebo, and the other three studies compared crP alone with placebo. We found no firm evidence to inform firm decisions about which dose of CrP would prove most effective for weight loss. However, we found evidence that CrP had an effect on body weight. There were no clear differences between CrP doses in terms of body mass index (a measure of body fat), body weight, body fat content, percentage body fat composition, change in waist circumference, or change in weight. Only three studies reported on adverse events. Two people taking CrP stopped taking the supplement due to adverse events, one of which was reported as serious. There was no clear evidence to support the use of different doses of crp-based protein supplements in weight loss in adults. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. We were unable to draw any firm conclusions about which CrP dose would be the most effective and safest.
This review looked at the effects of different antiseptic treatments on wound healing after surgery. Eleven studies with a total of 886 people were included in the review. These evaluated a range of treatments for wound healing. One study compared a zinc oxide mesh dress with a plain mesh dressing. There was no clear evidence of a difference in the time to wound healing, but there was some evidence of an increase in the risk of wound infection in the zinc oxide group. The evidence was of moderate or low quality. One small study compared sucralfate cream with a petrolatum cream. This evidence was graded as being of moderate quality. The study also reported that people with diabetes had more wound wounds that healed when treated with Triclosan (a sodium hypochlorite solution). There was moderate quality evidence that more open wounds resulting from excision of abscesses (wound with foul smell) healed with a honey-soaked gauze compared with EUSOL (e.g. a sugar pill) over three weeks. The mean length of hospital stay was shorter in the honey group. Evidence was from one small study with 43 participants. Two studies compared different iodine preparations with no treatment. The results of these studies were limited and what evidence there was was of low quality, so we cannot be certain about the results. There is no robust evidence on which to base our findings. Where some evidence for possible treatment effects was reported, it was from single studies with small numbers and was classed as moderate or lower quality. This means it is likely or very likely that further studies will have an important impact on our confidence in the results, and may change this estimate.
This review included five randomised studies with a total of 1049 women. These studies evaluated five different technique modifications during CVS. There was no conclusive evidence that any of them were beneficial. The quality of the evidence was not high enough to change current practice. In the absence of clear evidence, the operators of CVS should continue to use methods and techniques they are most familiar with. The same applies for terbutaline tocolysis and the use of continuous vacuum aspiration. This review is not of sufficient quality to change the current clinical practice. Any randomised trials that are performed to high standard, with adequate safety outcomes, and power to detect important clinical differences would be welcome.
We included 10 studies: four provided data for quantitative analyses (437 participants). Five studies were randomised controlled trials (1182 participants) and three were non-RCTs (8037 live births). Three studies were interrupted time series (ITS) studies (2,242,438 participants). One study was unreported. Six studies were conducted in upper-middle-income countries: China, Mexico, South Africa, one in Bangladesh, and three in Canada. Seven studies looked at wheat flour fortified with folic acid. Three of these studies included maize flour alone or with other nutrients. The studies lasted from two weeks to 36 months. In one study, women who consumed maize flour with or without folic acids were less likely to have a baby with a brain injury. In the other three studies, women consuming maize flour without or without other micronutrients were more likely to be pregnant women who were at high risk of high blood folate levels. In two studies, serum folate was higher among women who received maize flour fortified (folic acid and other nutrients). In one non-randomised study, there was no difference in the number of babies with brain injury, but there was a small increase in serum folate. In a cluster study among children, there were no significant effects of fortified wheat flour flat bread on haemoglobin levels. The certainty of the evidence was low or very low for all of the outcomes. This means that the true effect may be quite different from what we found. The quality of evidence ranged from very low to very low. Most studies had unclear risk of bias for the way they were carried out.
We identified six trials. Two trials involving 1,124,483 neonates (210 with CF) with a maximum follow up of 17 years were eligible for inclusion. The two trials were conducted in the USA and one trial in the UK. The trials compared screening with no screening. Screening provided better lung function at diagnosis in screened participants. At age seven, 88% of screened participants and 75% of controls had lung function parameters within normal limits of at least 89% predicted. At diagnosis chest radiograph scores were better among screened participants, but over time chest X-ray scores were worse in the screened group. In screened participants colonisation with Pseudomonas aeruginosa occurred earlier. Severe malnutrition was less common in screened infants. In the control group, the odds ratio of weight below the tenth percentile and for height was 4.62 (95% CI 1.69 to 12.61). Results were no longer significant after adjustment for the genotype, pancreatic status, and the results of Pseudomicrobial resistance tests. Nutritional benefits are apparent. Estimates suggest diagnosis through screening is less expensive than traditional diagnosis.
We found five randomized controlled trials, recruiting a total of 7314 participants, with a mean follow-up of 4.5 years. Only one trial (ACCORD) compared the effects of 'lower' blood pressure targets (lower than 120 mmHg) versus the standard blood pressure target (140 mmHG) in 4734 participants. Despite achieving a significantly lower BP, and using more antihypertensive medications, the only significant benefit was a reduction in the incidence of stroke. There was a trend towards reduction in total mortality in the group assigned to the 'lower lower' DBP target (RR 0.73, 95% CI 0.53 to 1.01), mainly due to a trend to lower non-cardiovascular mortality. There was no difference in stroke, myocardial infarction or congestive heart failure. End-stage renal failure and total serious adverse events were not reported in any of the trials. A sensitivity analysis of trials comparing DBP targets < 80 mmHGs (as suggested in clinical guidelines) versus < 90 mmHgs showed similar results. The overall quality of the evidence was low, mainly because of the small number of participants in the trials and the risk of selection bias for every outcome analyzed in favor of the lower target for diastolic blood pressure (DBP) in people with diabetes. At the present time, evidence from randomized trials does not support lowering blood pressure lower than the standard target for people with elevated blood pressure and diabetes. More randomized trials are needed, with future trials reporting total deaths, total serious side effects as well as cardiovascular and renal events.
This review found that non-removable, pressure-relieving casts are more effective in healing plantar foot ulcers than removable casts, or dressings alone. In one study, the use of a device that lengthens the tendon of the foot was found to be more effective at 7 months than a non- removable cast. Other comparisons of the interventions that we looked at included surgical debridement of ulcers; felt fitted to the foot; felted foam dressings and none of these showed a significant treatment effect.
We found five studies that met the inclusion criteria for the review. These studies included a total of 235 participants. Each study focused on breast cancer survivors. All five studies were rated as having a high risk of bias. Two studies (n = 100) compared computer-assisted cognitive training to a control group, and two studies (95 participants) compared cognitive training with a wait-list control group. One study (47 people) compared a meditation intervention to a group of 19 people. The results of these studies did not show a beneficial effect of cognitive training on cognitive function. Compensatory strategy training showed improvements on delayed- and verbal-memory, self-reported cognitive function, and quality of life. However, the results of two trials (95 people) showed no beneficial effect on physical well-being immediately, or two months post-intervention. People who received the training showed a lower mental-well-being score immediately. Overall, the, albeit low-quality, evidence from these studies suggests that non-drug treatments may have the potential to reduce the risk of, or improve, cognitive impairment following cancer treatment. There is a need for larger, multi-site studies including an appropriate, active attentional group, as well as consideration of functional outcomes (e.g. activities of daily living) in order to come to firmer conclusions on the benefits or otherwise of this intervention approach.
We found five trials, all from the 1970s, randomising 343 participants. We excluded one trial. The results of this review show chlorpromazine and piperacetazine may have similar clinical efficacy, but data from these trials are based on very small numbers of people, and the evidence is very low quality. We can not make firm conclusions based on such data. In both treatment groups, around 60% of people experienced some sort of side effect, with the most common being parkinsonism-type movement disorder. There was no clear difference in the number of people leaving the study early. The quality of the evidence was very low. The trials were of poor quality, and we were not able to combine the results of the trials to draw any conclusions. More high quality research is needed.
This review found five randomised trials with a total of 207 participants. The trials compared the use of colorectal stents with emergency surgery for the treatment of obstruction of the colon. There was no difference in the number of deaths or complications between the two groups. The use of stents seems to be as safe as the emergency surgery in terms of death and complications. However, there was a higher success rate in emergency surgery. There were no differences in the length of time that the stent was in place and the procedure time. The stent insertion was successful in 86.02% of the trials. The average time of the colostomy was 0.66 day in the colic stent group and was 3.55 days in the emergency group. The mean hospital stay was 11.53 days and was 17.15 days in both groups.The mean procedure time was 113.93 minutes in the colon group and 143.85 minutes for the emergency. The median blood loss was 50 ml.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) (1867 women) in this review. The evidence was of very low to moderate quality. The main limitations of the evidence were imprecision, poor reporting of study methods, and failure to blind outcome assessors. We found that human albumin, HES, and mannitol reduced OHSS in high risk women. There was no evidence of an effect on pregnancy rates. If the rate of OHSS without treatment is 12%, it will be about 9% (6% to 12%) with the use of intravenous albumin. However, there was evidence that if the chance of pregnancy is 40% without treatment, it would be about 32% (27% to 38%). There was evidence of a beneficial effect of HES on OHSS, but the evidence was based on very few trials. This suggests that if moderate or severe OHSS with no treatment is 16% (2% to 10%) with HES compared to no treatment, and if the risk is 52% (19% to 41%) with no intervention, there will be an effect of about 29% (29% to 52%) with intravenous HES. There were no data on live birth rates in any of the studies. Adverse events appeared to be uncommon, but were too poorly reported to reach any firm conclusions, and no data were available for live birth. The overall quality of evidence was very low. The results of this review need to be confirmed in additional RCTs before they should be considered for routine use in clinical practice.
This review found 10 studies involving 484 patients. There was no evidence suggesting superior efficacy of any one sclerosant over another, but there was some evidence that sclerotherapy was superior to placebo. The studies did not suggest that any of the sclerosing agents studied were better than placebo, but patients were less satisfied with placebo. Some of the studies suggested that polidocanol (POL) was more likely to cause side effects at a concentration of 1% than lower concentrations, and sodium tetradecyl sulfate (STS) (a type of sclerotic agent), and that high-temperature saline (HS) (20% saline mixed with a heparin 100 units/mL) was no more painful than placebo. In one study, there was evidence that hypertonic saline (HLS) was worse than POL. The data were not suitable for meta-analysis. More research is needed in this area. The amount of available evidence is small and the quality of the research was poor.
We included seven studies (241 participants) in this review. Meta-analysis of these seven included studies was not possible due to the small number of studies and the fact that many studies did not provide sufficient information with their results. We found that salbutamol via any route and insulin-dextrose appear to be the drugs most effective at reducing serum potassium. There is limited evidence to support the use of other drugs, such as IV sodium bicarbonate or aminophylline. None of the included studies evaluated the effect of IV calcium or potassium binding resins (resins that contain calcium) in the treatment of hyperkalaemia. More research is needed.
We included 39 studies involving 4216 participants in this review. Thirty-nine studies, involving 3392 participants, were included in the review. Antimicrobial lock solutions were compared to either standard sealing solutions (heparin) or heparin alone. Fifteen studies used antibiotic lock solutions, 21 studies used non-antibiotic (non-sterilising) antimicrobial lock solution, and 4 studies used both (antibiotics) and (non)-antibiotic (anti-sterile) (non antibiotic) lock solutions. The evidence is current to September 2014. Antibiotic lock solutions probably reduce the incidence of CRI per 1000 catheter-days (27 studies: low certainty evidence), however antimicrobial (non antimicrobial) lock solution probably makes little or no difference to the risk of thrombosis (14 studies: high certainty evidence). Subgroup analysis of antibiotic and the combination of both lock solutions showed that both probably reduced CRI and risk of clots in the catheter (4 studies: 4 studies: 2 studies: 1 study: 1) compared to control lock solutions (13 studies: 47% certainty evidence, 13 studies: 0.30, 95% confidence in the evidence). The effect of all antimicrobial locking solutions on the occurrence of blood clots is uncertain. The overall quality of the evidence was low or very low for most of the outcomes, mainly due to the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants in the majority of included studies.
We identified 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared pre-emptive therapy with placebo or standard care to prevent CMV disease. We included 15 RCTs with 1098 participants. Of these, six studies looked at the effects of pre-start treatment versus placebo (a dummy treatment), eight looked at pre- start treatment with antiviral drugs (drugs which reduce the spread of CMV), and one looked at oral (into the vein) versus IV (into a vein). Pre-start pre-treatment with CMV is effective compared with placebo (dummy treatment), standard care (usual care) or no treatment. There was no difference in the risk of death, graft loss, acute rejection and infections other than CMV. However, there were no significant differences in the risks of all-cause mortality (deaths from any cause), graft loss (graft loss or rejection), acute rejection, infection or CMV-related death. Leucopenia (blood in the urine) was less common in people treated with pre-pitocinol (a drug that blocks the spread) compared with those given prophylaxis. Other adverse effects did not differ significantly or were not reported. There were no major differences in risk of graft loss or graft loss between people who received pre-preemptive and standard care. The quality of the included studies was considered to be high. All studies were at low risk of bias. Only one study reported adequate blinding. No study reported blinding of people taking part in the study. The evidence in this review is up-to-date as of April 2015.
We identified three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that investigated the effects of sweet potato preparations on glycaemic control in people with type 2 diabetes. All three studies were performed by the same trialist. Overall, the risk of bias of these trials was unclear or high. All RCTs compared the effect of sweet Potato preparations with placebo (a pretend treatment). These studies included a total of 140 participants. There was no significant difference in glycosylated haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) at three to five months with 4 g/day versus placebo (mean difference -0.3%). There were no serious side effects. Diabetic complications and morbidity, death from any cause, health- related quality of life, well being, functional outcomes and costs were not investigated. We conclude that there is not enough evidence about the use of the sweet potato for the treatment of diabetes.
We included 19 studies with a total of 440 people with cystic fibrosis. The age of the participants ranged from six to 63 years (mean age 22.33 years). The studies compared the active cycle of breathing technique with autogenic drainage, airway oscillating device, high-frequency chest compressors, and conventional chest physiotherapy. In 13 studies, follow up lasted a single day. However, there were two long-term studies with follow up of one to three years. Most of the studies did not report on key quality items, which means that we do not know if the studies were at risk of bias. Five studies, with data from eight different comparisons, found that the active cycles of breathing techniques were comparable with each other in outcomes such as lung function and the number of lung exacerbations. There was no significant difference in lung function or number of people having a flare-up of lung disease. People's preference for the breathing technique varied. More people preferred to use an airway-clearing device than the breathing machine. No significant difference was seen in the quality of life, sputum weight, exercise tolerance, lung function, or oxygen levels. There is not enough evidence to support or reject the use of the active Cycle of Breathing technique in comparison with any other airway clearance therapy. Longer-term trials are needed.
This review has provided evidence that brief co-incubation of sperm and oocytes may improve the ongoing pregnancy rate for infertile women undergoing IVF cycles. The evidence is current to September 2014. Eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 733 women in total were included in this review. The low quality evidence showed an increased ongoing pregnancy and clinical pregnancy rate compared to the standard insemination protocol. Live birth was not reported in the included studies. For ongoing pregnancy, there were 127 ongoing pregnancies in two trials including 426 women. For clinical pregnancy, 93 clinical pregnancies in three trials including 372 women were reported. For the miscarriage rate, six miscarriages were reported in one trial including 167 women. This evidence suggested no significant difference in the odds of miscarriage between brief-co-injection and standard-insemination. More RCTs are required to assess whether brief-colletation would contribute to a higher live birth rate and a lower miscarriage rate compared with the standard overnight insemination protocol.
This review of five studies found that infants with poorly compliant lungs should be ventilated with a short IT. Long ITs were associated with an increase in air leaks and deaths before hospital discharge. Caution should be exercised in applying these results to modern neonate intensive care, because the studies included in this review were conducted prior to the introduction of the use of steroids, post natal surfactant, and synchronised modes of ventilatory support. Most of the participants had single pathology (HMD) and there were no studies examining the effects of IT on newborns ventilated.
We included 33 studies involving 5110 patients. There is a large variety in the ways the TFU was performed (the health professionals who undertook the intervention, the way it was measured, the frequency, structure, duration, etc.). Many different outcomes have been measured, but only a few were measured in more than one study. The TFU has been applied in many patient groups. Effects are not constant, nor within patient groups, and it is not clear whether TFU is an effective intervention. No adverse effects were reported. Overall, there was not enough data to be certain about the effects of TFU.
We identified 38 relevant trials. These trials were conducted across a spectrum of disease areas, countries, healthcare and community settings. In 34 of the included trials, retention was response to postal questionnaires with or without medical test kits. For four trials, the retention was the number of people remaining in the trial. The trials evaluated six broad types of strategies to improve retention. These were incentives (e.g. monetary incentives), communication strategies, new questionnaire format, participant case management, and behavioural interventions. Most of the retention trials assessed questionnaire response. Strategies that improved trial retention were the addition of monetary incentives, addition of an offer of monetary incentive, and the use of a GBP20 voucher. Some other strategies, such as sending reminders to trial sites and when a questionnaire is sent, increased the response of participants. There was no evidence that a telephone survey was more or less effective than an incentive and a questionnaire. There were no good results for other strategies. There is no good evidence to support or refute the theory that shorter questionnaires are better than longer questionnaires. However, the evidence for this was unclear and further research is needed.
We included eight studies that involved a total of 829 participants (416 and 413 participants, respectively). We identified six studies that are awaiting classification. One study is still ongoing and one has not yet been published. Seven studies provided data related to the primary outcome (failure to adequately ventilate). Eight studies provided information on more than one other outcome. We are uncertain about the effects of either device in terms of failure to insert the device, use of an alternate device, sore throat (bronchospasm), sore throat, nasal obstruction, gastric insufflation (gastric blockage), regurgitation, coughing, and excessive leak. The quality of evidence was low for all outcomes, mainly due to issues with blinding and imprecision. We found no differences between the devices with regard to failure of the device to insert, need for use of another device, or adverse events. We also found that the ProSeal laryngeal mask airway has a better seal, which means that it may be more suitable than the Classic larynx airway. Peak airway pressure was lower in participants with the Classic airway, but this is unlikely to be clinically meaningful. Peak oropharynx pressure was higher in pLMA participants. Data were insufficient to allow us to determine if there were any differences in the number of people who had an obstruction due to the device. None of the studies reported nausea and vomiting as an outcome. Data show no important differences between devices for the following outcomes: failure to fit the device in place, mucosal injury, sore throats, bronchospasms, stomach pain, nasal blockage, and excess leak. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low, mainly because of issues with the way that the studies were carried out.
We included 19 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1453 participants. Fifteen of these studies were not included in the previous review. Participants were aged between four and 18 years and from eight different countries. The mean age at recruitment ranged from 6.3 years to 13.1 years. Girls outnumbered boys in most trials. Fourteen trials recruited children with a diagnosis under the broad umbrella of RAP, and five trials specifically recruited only those with irritable bowel syndrome. The studies fell into four categories: (1) probiotics (13 studies), (2) low FODMAP diets (one study), (3) fibre-based diets (four studies), and (4) low fructose-restricted diets). We found that children treated with probiotics were more likely to have a reduction in their pain at zero to three months postintervention. There was also a decrease in pain at the same time point. However, we found that there was a small number of children in the probiotics group, and we were not able to combine the results for these two outcomes. We also found that probiotics may be effective in improving pain at three to six months after the intervention. We were unable to combine results for other outcomes, such as school performance, social functioning, and quality of daily life, as there were not enough studies. We judged the evidence for these outcomes to be of low quality due to an unclear risk of bias, imprecision, and differences between the studies. The quality of evidence was downgraded due to small numbers of children and small study sizes. We found moderate- to low quality evidence for pain relief in children with RAP. We did not find any evidence for the effects of probiotics on school performance. There were no major adverse events reported. We could not combine results from the included studies for the outcomes of pain relief, school performance or quality of life. We rated the quality of the evidence as moderate for pain
We included 22 studies involving 4490 participants. All were randomised trials (3 were cluster RCTs), and 19 of the 22 studies had analysable outcome data. Seventeen of the studies had student populations. Findings from the five trials with discrimination outcomes (n = 1196) were mixed, with effects showing a reduction, increase or consistent with no effect of effect. The median difference (SMD) for the three trials (394) with continuous outcomes was -0.25, with SMDs ranging from 0.85 to -1.17. Odds ratios (OR) for two studies (802) with dichotomous discrimination outcomes showed no evidence of effect: results were 1.30 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.53 to 3.19) and 1.19 (CI 0.84 to 1.65). The 19 trials with prejudice outcomes had median SMDs favouring the intervention, at the three following time periods: -038 (immediate), -0 38 (1 week to 2 months) and -049 (6 to 9 months). SMDs for prejudice outcomes across all studies ranged from -2.94 (95%) to 2.40 (95%). The median SMD indicate that mass media interventions may have a small to medium effect in decreasing prejudice, and are equivalent to reducing the level of prejudice from that associated with schizophrenia to that associated by major depression. The studies were very heterogeneous, statistically, in their populations, interventions and outcomes, and only two meta-analyses within two subgroups were warranted. Data on secondary outcomes were sparse. Cost data were provided on request for three studies (n= 416), and did not address cost-effectiveness. Two studies (455) contained statements about adverse effects and neither reported finding any. Mass media interventions on discrimination may reduce prejudice, but there is insufficient evidence to determine their effects on discrimination. Very little is known about costs, adverse effects or other outcomes.
We included 85 studies in our synthesis. Forty-six studies explored the views and experiences of healthy pregnant women, and 17 studies looked at the views of health care providers. The studies took place in 41 countries. The majority of studies were carried out in rural, poor or semi-urban settings. We found 52 findings in total. We grouped them into three thematic domains: socio-cultural context (11 findings), service design and provision (17 findings), and what matters to women (17 studies). The third domain was split into two conceptual areas; personalised, supportive care, and safety. For women, initial use of ANC depends on their perception that doing so will be a good experience. Women’s perceptions of the value of ANC depend on their general beliefs that pregnancy is a healthy or a risky state, and on their reaction to being pregnant. Whether they continue to use ANC or not depends on the experience they have when they first use it. For healthcare providers, the capacity for them to deliver the kind of high-quality, relationship-busting, locally accessible ANC that is likely to help women and their babies to use it depends on having enough resources and staff, as well as the time to provide flexible, private appointments. Such provision also depends on organisational norms and values that value kind, caring staff who make effective links with local communities, and who respect women's belief that being pregnant is just a normal life event. But who can recognise and respond to complications when they arise. Health care providers need to have enough experience to do their job well, and they need to be paid an adequate salary. They need to take the time needed to provide relevant information, and to protect the health of the woman and her baby. They also need to ensure that they do not need extra informal funds from women and families, or to supplement their income.
The review of trials found that oral nimodipine reduced the risk of poor outcome in patients with SAH, but the results for 'poor outcome' are based on a single large trial of oral nedocinolol. The results for adverse events were inconclusive. The review also found that giving magnesium sulphate to patients with aneurysmal SAH reduced their risk of secondary ischaemia, but more research is needed. Intravenous administration of calcium antagonists should not be recommended for routine practice. The quality of the evidence is not beyond all doubt, but there are potential benefits and modest risks of this treatment. Magnesium sulphate is a promising agent but more studies are needed before definite conclusions can be drawn.
We identified three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) including 739 children. They all used an age of one year as the cut-off point for pre-treatment risk stratification. The first search identified a manuscript for one of these RCTs. The second update identified an erratum of this study. All studies had some methodological limitations. There was a significant reduction in the risk of event-free survival (i.e. absence of tumour recurrence) in favour of myeloablative therapy compared to conventional chemotherapy. However, there was no evidence of effect on overall survival. There were no data on quality of life. In one study (379 patients) there was a higher risk of renal effects, interstitial lung disease and veno-occlusive disease (a type of blood infection). There was no difference between the two groups in terms of serious infections and sepsis. In all three studies the results were not univocal. No conclusions can be made regarding the best treatment strategy. The best study design to answer these questions is a trial. These trials should be conducted in homogeneous patients (e.g. stage of disease and age) and have a long-term follow-up. It should be kept in mind that the age cut-point for high risk disease was changed from one year to 18 months. As a result, it is possible that some patients with what is now classified as intermediate risk disease may be included in the high-risk groups. The relevance of the results of these studies to current practice can be questioned.
We found eight randomised clinical trials (632 participants) that met our inclusion criteria. The mean age ranged from 16 years to 78 years. The proportion of men ranged from 60% to 75% and the proportion of people with advanced liver cancer ranged from 22% to 85%. The average follow-up duration was 12 months. All eight trials were at high risk of bias. TACE followed by 3-DCRT compared with TACE alone may have reduced the risk of death from any cause at three years' follow- up (low-certainty evidence). TACE may have increased tumour response (complete response plus partial response). Data, from one trial, favoured the TACE group, but the provided data were ill-defined. None of the trials reported side effects. The results on non-serious side effects were not reported. We are uncertain as to whether or not TACE or TACE-alone is beneficial in terms of the number of participants with adverse events. We rated the certainty of the evidence as low to very low. The evidence is up to date as of September 2016.
No randomised controlled trials were identified. However, two excluded trials provided some insights into the topic. One study showed that infants with CLD/BPD who were fed formula enriched with protein and minerals had better growth up until three months of corrected age. The other study compared different amounts of formula but identical feed volume for both groups. It showed that both groups were unable to achieve the pre-designed feed volumes and that there were no differences in growth, lung function, oedema (swelling), or diuretic requirements. To date, no randomised trials are available. Research should be directed at evaluating the effects of various levels of energy intake on this group of infants.
We included 13 studies enrolling 2341 participants (and involving 2360 procedures). Most of the trials had unclear risk of bias, which means that their results may not be reliable. The quality of the evidence was very low or low for most outcomes. For subclavian vein (nine studies, 2030 participants, 2049 procedures), we found that two-dimensional ultrasound reduced the risk of accidental puncture (three trials, 498 participants), and haematoma formation. However, we did not find a difference in total or other complications (one study, 311 participants, 311 procedures). For the femoral vein (four studies, 311 patients, 311 operations), there was not enough evidence to be sure that there was a difference between the two techniques in terms of the number of attempts to insert the catheter, the success rate, or the length of time that it took to insert it. No data on death or patient-reported outcomes were provided. The results for Doppler ultrasound compared with anatomical landmark techniques are uncertain.
Fifteen studies were included. Four studies, 29 people, used an intravenous infusion; seven studies, 131 people used a conventional oral form; four, 1456 people used an oral form, and one study, 181 people, had a verum skin patch. The best dose of physostigmine (mean 33 mg/day) was associated with an improvement in the ADAS-Cog score compared with a placebo at 6, 12 weeks. There were higher numbers of people withdrawing from the trial due to side effects (22/183 vs 2/183) and at least one event of nausea (nausea, vomiting, diarrhoea, dizziness, stomach pain, flatulence, or sweating). There were also more people withdrawing due to adverse events (13/83 vs 5/93) and there was a higher number of people suffering nausea, vomiting (at least one) or diarrhoeal disease (anorexia) (dizziness, tremor, dizzy spells, asthenia, dyspnoea, or abnormal dreaming). The results from two of the four studies of the controlled-release form of the drug apply only to a group of people who were identified as responders in a pre-randomization titration period. There was no difference between the higher dose (higher and lower) and placebo for numbers improved (CGIC) scores at 24 weeks. The single dose of the oral form (delivering mean dose 5.7mg/day), and the two-dose (mean dose 12 mg/daily) form were associated with a higher risk of side effects of vomiting, nausea, and stomach cramps. The lower dose (delving into the lower bowel) caused more people to withdraw from the study. The evidence of effectiveness of this drug for the symptomatic treatment of Alzheimer's is limited.
We included 13 trials involving a total of 16,112 participants. Eleven trials recruited participants with a history of heart disease. Two trials recruited people with history of stroke. One trial recruited a mix of people with both heart disease and CVD. The trials compared fibrates with placebo (a fake drug) or no treatment. The evidence is current to August 2018. We found evidence that fibrate drugs can prevent the occurrence of non-fatal stroke, non fatal myocardial infarction (MI), and vascular death. However, this beneficial effect relies on the inclusion of clofibrate data, a drug that was discontinued in 2002 due to its unacceptably large adverse effects. There was no increase in adverse events with the use of these drugs compared to placebo. We judged overall risk of bias to be moderate.
The review of trials found that TA (in addition to uterotonic medications) decreases postpartum blood loss and prevents PPH and blood transfusions in women at low risk of PPH. The effect of TA on maternal mortality and thromboembolic events is uncertain. Mild side effects such as nausea, vomiting, dizziness were more common with the use of TA. The quality of the evidence was also as assessed using GRADE.
We found 12 studies (2494 participants: 1586 children and 908 elderly) comparing amantadine with placebo (a pretend drug) or paracetamol or zanamivir (two trials: 545 elderly). The studies were of low quality. The results of the studies do not support the use of these drugs to treat influenza A in children and the elderly. We found no evidence of adverse effects caused by the drugs. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. There was a lack of knowledge about the safety of the drugs and there was a high risk of bias in the included studies.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1512 women. Most of these studies included women with unexplained infertility. In seven studies the women were undergoing IUI, and in two studies women were trying to conceive from sexual intercourse. Eight trials compared the use of endometrial injury with no treatment. One trial compared higher vs. lower degree of intervention. The evidence is current to August 2015. We are uncertain whether endometrium injury improves live birth/ongoing pregnancy as the quality of the evidence has been assessed as very low. The quality of evidence was downgraded because of the risk of bias in the included studies and because the included RCTs were at a high risk of systematic error. The average pain experienced by participants undergoing endometric injury was 6/10 on a zero-10 visual analogue scale (VAS). However, only one study reported this outcome. The pooled results should be interpreted with caution as the evidence is of low or very low quality. The main reasons for this are that the included trials were small and had an overall low level of precision. Further well-conducted trials with large numbers of participants and minimise internal bias are required to confirm or refute these findings.
We included four randomised controlled trials (3905 participants) in this review. The studies compared professional oral care with usual oral care. We did not pool the results from one study (N = 834 participants), which was stopped due to lack of a clear difference between groups. We were not able to combine the results of two studies (2513 participants) due to the small number of participants. One study (366 participants) was stopped at interim analysis due to a lack of evidence. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2018. We found no high-quality evidence to determine which oral care measures are most effective for reducing nursing home-acquired pneumonia. We also found no evidence that professional oral services resulted in a lower rate of pneumonia-associated mortality compared with usual care over a 24-month period. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for the following outcomes: mortality due to pneumonia, number of first episodes of pneumonia, and number of deaths due to any cause. Only one study measured adverse effects of the interventions. The study identified no serious events and 64 non-serious events, the most common of which were oral cavity disturbances (not defined) and dental staining. No studies evaluated oral care versus no oral care, and we were unable to draw any conclusions about the effectiveness of any oral care measure for reducing pneumonia in nursing homes. Further trials are needed to draw reliable conclusions.
We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 149 participants. These studies assessed bismuth subsalicylate versus placebo, budesonide versus placebo (a pretend drug), mesalazine with or without a cholestyramine (an antifungal drug) and beclometasone dipropionate (an anti-cancer drug) plus or without cholestradiol (a drug used to treat lymphocytic colitis) versus placebo. Two studies were judged to be at high risk of bias due to lack of blinding (patients and researchers were aware of which treatment they were receiving). One study was judged to have a very small sample size and limited data. Budesonide (9 mg/day for 6 to 8 weeks) was significantly more effective than placebo for induction of clinical and histological response. This benefit needs to be confirmed by a large placebo -controlled trial. Clinical response was noted in 88% of patients treated with budesonides compared to 38% of placebo patients (2 studies; 57 participants; GRADE = low). There were no differences in clinical response or histological responses between patients who received budesonid and placebo (1 study; 39 participants; low quality evidence). Forty-one patients were enrolled in the study assessing mesalanes (2.4 g/day) versus mesalane plus cholestationramine. There was no difference between the two groups for clinical response at 8 weeks and 12 months of treatment. Side effects reported in the budesonidine studies include nausea, vomiting, neck pain, abdominal pain, hyperhidrosis and headache. Nausea and skin rash were reported as side effects in themesalazine study. Side effect data were not available in the busselidine study. No side effects were reported for the bisselidines. Five patients were included in the trial studying bismuther subsalcylate (nine 262
We included 12 randomised controlled trials with a total of 3259 randomised patients. Intervention duration ranged from 6 months (26 weeks) to 12 months (52 weeks). Nine trials compared self-monitoring with usual care without monitoring. One trial compared SMBG with SMUG, one study compared SMB with SMU, and one study was a three-armed trial. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, France, Germany, Italy, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. The average age of the participants ranged from 59 years to 74 years. The duration of follow-up ranged from six months to one year. We found that when diabetes duration is over one year, there is a small effect of SMBG on glycaemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes who are not using insulin up to six months after initiation and subsides after 12 months. There is no evidence that SMBG affects patient satisfaction, general well-being or general health-related quality of life. There were few data on the effects on other outcomes and these effects were not statistically significant. None of the studies reported data on morbidity. More research is needed to explore the psychological impact of the SMBG and its impact on diabetes-specific quality-of-life, as well as the impact on diabetic complications.
Eleven studies involving 471 participants with AsPD were included in this review. Data were available from only five of these studies, which were conducted in the USA. Eleven different psychological interventions were examined. Each of these interventions had been originally developed for people with substance misuse problems. Only two studies reported on reconviction, and only one on aggression. Compared to the control condition, cognitive behaviour therapy (CBT) plus standard maintenance was superior for outpatients with cocaine dependence in one study, but CBT plus treatment as usual was not superior for men with recent verbal/physical violence in another. Contingency management plus maintenance treatment was superior in reducing the use of drugs in one of the studies but not in another, possibly because of differences in the behavioural intervention. However, contingency management was superior to standard maintenance in social functioning and counselling session attendance in the latter. A multi-component intervention utilising motivational interviewing principles, the ‘Driving Whilst Intoxicated program’, plus incarceration, plus a range of other interventions appeared superior to incarceration alone for imprisoned drink-driving offenders. Results suggest that there is insufficient trial evidence to justify using any psychological intervention for adults with AsPD.
This updated review included 11 studies, with a total of 1047 participants. Six studies contributed to one or more analyses of the common cold. Five studies contributed data on purulent rhinitis. There was no evidence of benefit from antibiotics for either the cure or persistence of symptoms in people with common cold, and there was an increase in the risk of adverse effects. There is evidence that antibiotics can cause significant side effects in adults when they are given for common cold and in all ages when given for purulent rinusitis. Routine use of antibiotics for these conditions is not recommended.
We included five randomised controlled trials (involving 162 participants) in this review. Three of the trials were conducted in a hospital dermatology department. One trial was funded by a drug company. The trials were of short duration (14 days or less) and involved 162 participants. Participants' ages ranged from 12 to 77 years. Only two were younger than 15 years. We did not perform a meta-analysis due to differences between the trials in terms of participants' characteristics and interventions. We found only five trials, which assessed the effects of penicillin, rifampicin, and erythromycin. We are uncertain of the results of these trials, as there were only a small number of participants in each trial, and the trials did not measure our primary outcome, time-to-resolution, or risk of having at least one relapse (i.e. having a flare-up of psoriasis). One trial (N = 43) assessed a key treatment (50,000 units (IU)/kg/day in three dose) versus a placebo (250 mg four times per day). The studies did not report on the proportion of participants who achieved clear skin at the end of treatment. Two trials (n = 20) assessed the use of antibiotics (e.g. rifampsin and rifamethasone) versus no treatment. There was no difference between the two groups in clear or almost clear skin. One study (50) assessed long-term (48 weeks) treatment (500 mg daily) with azithromycin and vitamin C. Adverse events (10 out of 30 had nausea and mild stomach upset) were reported in the zigzag group, but not in children. There were no adverse events in either group. We rated the quality of the evidence as very low, due to high risk of bias, and imprecision (single study data with low number of events). Hence, we are very
We identified 12 randomised controlled trials enrolling 933 participants with MS. Eleven trials tested vitamin D₃, and one trial tested vitamin₂. Vitamin D appears to have no effect on the risk of relapse (reoccurrence of MS symptoms) at 52 weeks' follow-up, worsening of disability, and MRI lesions. Effects on health-related quality of life (HRQOL) and fatigue are unclear. One study (158 participants) found that vitamin D improved ratings on the HRQOL scale, but had no effects on the physical or mental components. Two studies found no effect of vitamin D on fatigue. The other study (71 people) found no difference in fatigue. Seven studies reported on cytokine levels, four on T-lymphocyte proliferation (a type of T cell), and one on matrix metalloproteinase (a protein in the matrix) levels. There was no clear pattern of change in these immunological outcomes. The studies did not report on time to first treated relapse, number of people requiring hospitalisation owing to the progression of the disease, percentage of people with MS who remained relapse-free, cognitive function, or mental symptoms. The quality of the evidence was very low. This means that we cannot be certain that the results of this review are reliable. The evidence in this review is up-to-date as of April 2018. Seven ongoing studies will likely provide further evidence that can be included in a future update of this study.
We included 62 studies in this review, with 4241 participants. Thirty-six studies used a cross-over design, which means that participants were divided into two or more groups, with the greatest number (11) for each arm of the trial. Fifteen studies used Mm/r preparations in different strengths. Fourteen studies compared morphine (morphine) taken by mouth with morphine (MIR). Fourteen of these studies used different strengths, and six of these included 24-hour (24-hour) versions of morphine. One study compared each of these strengths with other painkillers. Six studies compared Mm-r with MIR. Two studies compared oral Mm(r) with rectal Mm (rectal morphine). Three studies compared a different route of administration. Two more studies compared two different strengths of morphine (oral morphine (Omipramine and MIR) at different times, and two compared oral morphine with morphine given at a different time. One more study compared morphine with other opioids (non-opioids) and found no difference between the two types of painkillers in terms of pain relief. Eighteen studies reported 'no worse than mild pain' as the outcome for individual participants in 17 studies, and this was achieved by 96% of participants (362/377), and by 63% in three studies (400/638). The quality of the evidence is generally poor. Most trials recruited fewer than 100 participants and did not provide appropriate data for meta-analysis. Only a few reported how many people had good pain relief, but where it was reported, over 90% had pain relief of at least moderate to severe levels within a reasonably short time period. A small number of participants did not achieve adequate pain relief with morphine. Adverse events were common, predictable, and approximately 6% of people discontinued treatment with morphine because of intolerable side effects. There is qualitative evidence that oral morphine has much the same efficacy as other available opioids
We included 14 trials with a total of 1260 participants. The age of participants ranged from 16 to 88 years; and the majority were women (approximately 70%). The average duration of symptoms ranged from three to 15 months. The follow-up after the procedure ranged from eight weeks to 23 months. We are uncertain whether open surgery improves the resolution of symptoms of trigger finger in the long term. We found low-quality evidence that open surgery is less likely to cause recurrence of symptoms (recurrence of the symptoms) than steroid injection. However, it is more painful than steroid injections, and there is a risk of infection, tendon injury, flare-up of symptoms, skin discomfort, and fat necrosis. We also found evidence that more people had pain on the palm of the hand in the open surgery group compared with the steroid group at one week, and that 49% more had pain at six to 12 months after treatment. There was no difference in the number of people who had side effects. We judged the quality of evidence to be low or very low, mainly due to flaws in the design of the studies and imprecision.
This review of three randomised trials, with a total of 931 participants, found that early PCV, either before or after RT, appears to improve survival of people with AO or AOA. However, PCV is associated with significant grade 3 and 4 toxicities. It is unclear if temozolomide can be substituted for this.
We included five studies with a total of 240 children aged one to 18 years with OSA. All trials were performed in specialised sleep medicine clinics at tertiary care centres. Follow-up time ranged from six weeks to four months. Three RCTs (n = 137) compared intranasal corticosteroids against placebo (dummy treatment), and two RCTS (n=103) compared montelukast (an inhaled steroid) against placebo. We excluded one trial from the meta-analyses because the patients were not included in the trials. We are uncertain about the difference in AHI (AHI 1 to 30) between children who received a single dose of an inhaled anti-inflammatory drug compared to a placebo. The certainty of the evidence for AHI was low. We also had concerns about selective reporting in one trial. In addition, we are uncertain whether there is a difference in the number of children who have a lower AHI between the two groups of children. In contrast, the certainty for the other outcomes (such as desaturation index and oxygen saturation) was high. The evidence for the effect of anti-inflammatories for OSA in children was moderate, meaning that we have moderate or high certainty in the results. There was no difference between the groups for these outcomes. In summary, there is not enough evidence to know whether there are benefits or harms of other kinds of drugs for the treatment of OSA; however, there may be some short-term benefits in children with mild to moderate OSA, who are otherwise healthy. There is no evidence on the long-term effects of these drugs.
We found six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and three controlled clinical trials (CCTs) (including 1291 children) that investigated the prevention of VTE. Of the six RCTs and three CCTs, five investigated preventing VTE with no intervention (n = 737) and one CCT compared antithrombin (AT) supplementation and LMWH with AT supplementation. One CCT, which compared two systemic treatments with each other, found that the addition of LMWH to AT supplementation reduced VTE without bleeding complications. We found no significant effects on VTE in children with CVCs. None of the studies reported on the incidence of symptomatic VTE, thrombocytopenia (blood clots in the blood vessels), heparin-induced blood clots (clots in one or more blood vessels) or post-thrombotic syndrome (PTS). In the CCT that compared one systemic treatment with another, we found that there was a significant reduction in VTE (symptom-related VTE) with LMWH and AT supplementation, as well as a reduction in symptomatic CVC-related blood clotting. We did not find any evidence of differences in adverse events (such as major or minor blood clotting) between the studies. One study reported on other adverse events, but none occurred. The quality of the evidence was low. This could be a result of the low number of included participants, which could also be due to the small number of children in the studies, which resulted in low power.
This review identified three trials with a total of 287 participants that compared CSFD with controls (controls) for TAAA surgery. In the first trial of 98 participants, CSFD resulted in a significant reduction in the rate of neurological deficit. The deficit was observed within 24 hours of the operation in 21 (68%) participants, and from three to 22 days in 10 (32%). CSFD did not prevent ischaemic injury to the spinal cord. The second trial, of 33 participants, used CSFD and an intrathecal patch. It showed that CSFD reduced the risk of postoperative neurodisorder by 80% compared to controls. The third trial, involving 145 participants, showed that TAAA repair with CSFD was performed for 48 hours after surgery. Paraplegia or paraparesis (disability) occurred in 9 of 74 patients (12.2%) in the control group and 2 of 82 patients (2.7%) in CSFD-only studies. There are limited data supporting the role of CSFD in thoracic and thoracoabdominal aneurysm surgery for prevention of neurological injury. Further studies are indicated.
We included 13 randomised controlled trials, with a total of 662 people, in this review. The evidence is current to August 2015. We found that NB-UVB is not effective for the treatment of people with CPP, and a small trial did not detect a difference between NB- UVB and topical PUVA for clearing CPP. In people with PPP, there were no significant differences between the two treatments in terms of clearance rate and withdrawals due to side-effects, and the evidence from the comparison of the two treatment options for CPP was also inconsistent. One trial found no significant difference between the treatment options in the number of people who achieved a 75% or more reduction in their Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) score, and two trials found no difference in the numbers of people that reached the PASI score between the groups. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for the following outcomes: 1. Withdrawal due to adverse events, 2. No significant difference was found between the treatments for the same outcome, and 3. No studies reported our primary outcomes of interest for people with CBP compared with conventional phototherapy. 4. No clear evidence was found for the long-term safety or effectiveness of the use of NB-UVA compared with other treatments. 5. No evidence was available for the comparison between the different types of NBUVB. 6. No differences were found between different treatments for CBP and PPP. 7. No data were available for other outcomes. 8. Larger prospective studies are needed to confirm the safety and effectiveness of this treatment. 9. In practice, it may be more convenient to use since exogenous photosensitiser is not required before phototherapy, and 10. In conclusion, current evidence is very heterogeneous and needs to be interpreted with caution.
This review found that biofeedback plus exercises was better than exercises alone. There was not enough evidence as to whether there was a difference in outcome between any of these methods. There were also some suggestions that rectal volume discrimination training may be better than sham training. Sacral nerve stimulation may be more effective than conservative management. However, this is not certain. The limited number of studies found and the weaknesses of many of them do not allow us to make a definitive assessment of the role of these interventions.
This review aimed to compare the benefits and risks of using a catheter for urinary incontinence. Thirty nine trials were included in the review. The trials were generally small and of poor or moderate quality. They were generally of poor reporting of data on only few outcomes. In six of the trials, more people needed to be treated with catheters if they did not use one after surgery. In five trials, there was a higher risk of (re)catheterisation (need to re)cathete the catheter) if it was not used. The data gave only an imprecise estimate of any difference in the risk of infection. In the seven trials with data, there were fewer infections in the urethral and bladder when a cat was removed earlier. In one small trial, the clamp-and-release group showed a greater risk of urinary tract infections and a delay in return to normal voiding. In conclusion, whether or not to use a particular catheter policy depends on the risks of morbidity (especially infection), as well as the trade off between the risks.
This review included 10 studies with a total of 3340 participants. Seven studies compared aripiprazole monotherapy versus placebo (2239 participants); two of these included a third comparison arm—one study used lithium (485 participants) and the other used haloperidol (480 participants). Two of these studies used lithium as an additional treatment to valproate or lithium versus placebo as an adjunctive treatment (754 participants), and one study compared the two drugs together (347 participants). The overall risk of bias was unclear. A high dropout rate from most trials (> 20% for each intervention in eight of the trials) may have affected the estimates of relative efficacy. Evidence from the studies showed that arippiprazoles were more effective than placebo in reducing manic symptoms in adults and children/adolescents at three and four weeks but not at six weeks (moderate quality evidence) or at any other time point up to and including 12 weeks (high quality evidence). However, compared with placebo, aripsinerazole caused more movement disorders, as measured on the Simpson Angus Scale (SAS), on the Barnes Akathisia Scale (BAS) and by participant-reported akathsisia (a type of akathism), with more people requiring treatment with anticholinergic medication (high-quality evidence). Arippinerazoles also led to more gastrointestinal disturbances (nausea, constipation, and movement disorders) and caused more children and adolescents to have a prolactin level that fell below the lower limit of normal. Significant heterogeneity was present in the meta-analysis of movement disorders associated with ariperazole and other treatments and was most likely due to the different side effect profiles of lithium and haloperidineol. At the three-week time point, meta-analyses were not possible because of lack of data; however, at 12 weeks, haloperideol resulted in significantly more movement problems than
We found three studies that evaluated the effect of antibiotic or other lock treatments on CVC-related infections. Two of these studies evaluated urokinase lock treatment with systemic antibiotics, and one study evaluated ethanol lock treatment. All studies were of poor quality. We found no evidence of significant difference between the two groups of studies on the number of CVCs that were cured, number of people who had a CVC infection, the need for the CVC to be removed, the length of time it took for the blood to be negative, or the need to be admitted to the ICU. The cohort studies found no adverse events; some of the cohort studies reported CVC malfunctioning. No RCTs or CCTs were found on antibiotic lock treatment alone. All three studies had limitations in the way they were carried out. More well-designed studies are needed.
This review identified 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of interventions for the treatment of acute whiplash-related pain. Three TPE themes emerged. Advice focusing on activation: One trial, with 348 participants, found that a video of advice focusing on how to activate was more effective than no treatment in relieving acute pain. However, this result was based on short term follow-up. There is low quality evidence (one trial, 102 participants) that a booklet of advice to activate is less beneficial for pain reduction, or no different in improving function, than generic advice given out in emergency care (control) in the short or intermediate term. Advice on pain & stress coping skills (three trials, 243 participants) found no evidence of benefit or no difference in pain relief. Advice to activate, stress-coping skills, workplace ergonomics, and self-care strategies (nine trials, 58 participants) did not relieve pain for acute to chronic neck pain. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. The main limitations of this review were the low number of studies and the small number of people included in the trials. Future research should be founded on sound adult learning theory and learning skill acquisition.
This review aimed to assess the best way to communicate with people at risk. No studies met the inclusion criteria for this Cochrane review. In total, 49 studies and pieces of literature were included. The results of this review indicate that communication may be considered as part of a multi-faceted programme that aims to improve the way people interact with each other, their health care providers, and each other. In addition, the results of the review also show that poor communication practices may have negative impacts or cause harm. There is not enough evidence to determine the effects of interventions to notify people at CJD or vCJD risk, and to support them subsequently.
We included one randomised clinical trial (N = 304 randomised; 204 completed; 276 analysed) that compared opioids (prolonged release oxycodone/naloxone) with a placebo. After 12 weeks of treatment, RLS symptoms had improved more in the drug group than in the placebo group. There was no difference between groups for daytime somnolence (sleepiness), trouble staying awake during the day, or naps. Quality of life scores were also improved more with opioids. The major side effects of opioids were gastrointestinal problems, fatigue, and headache. The quality of the evidence was low. This means that we cannot be certain that the results are reliable.
Fifteen trials involving 1022 adults were included in this review. All trials compared external fixation versus plaster cast immobilisation. There was some evidence to support the use of external fixation for the treatment of fractures of the distal radius in adults. Although there is not enough evidence to confirm a better functional outcome for the external fixation group, external fixation reduces redisplacement of the fracture and improves anatomical results. Most of the excess complications are minor.
We found five randomised controlled trials (1127 patients) that compared early removal of the stent with late removal. Generally the risk of bias of the included studies was low or unclear; they addressed the research question and utilised a randomised design. It is unclear whether early stent removal is better than late removal in terms of reducing the occurrence of MUC. The incidence of UTI may be reduced in the early removal group. This may be due to the use of a biologic stent. However, it is unclear if there is a higher risk of UTIs with early removal. Data on health economics and quality of life outcomes were lacking.
We included five studies that evaluated three comparisons. Four studies compared crowns with fillings; two of them compared conventional PMCs with an open sandwich restorations, and one study compared PMCs fitted using the Hall Technique (a type of dental technique that uses the Hall technique) versus fillings. One of these studies included a third arm, which allowed us to compare the two groups of studies. In the two studies, all teeth had been pulpotomy prior to the crown being placed. The final study compared two kinds of crowns (stainless steel and white veneers). There were no studies that compared two different methods of fitting metal crowns. The evidence was of moderate to low quality. We found that the risk of major failure or pain was lower in the crowns group in the long term. Similarly, there was a lower risk of pain at the time of treatment, and discomfort with the procedure. It is unclear whether there is a difference between crowns and fillings in terms of risk of gingival bleeding. The quality of the evidence was low for all comparisons. There are no RCTs comparing crowns fitted conventionally with filling. One study (11 participants) compared the use of PMCs (fitted using the 'Hall Technique') versus aesthetic crowns, which are made from stainless steel. It provided very low quality evidence so no conclusions could be drawn. The amount and quality of evidence for crowns compared to non-restorative caries, and for metal compared with an aesthetic crown, is very low. We considered outcomes reported at the dental appointment or within 24 hours of it, and in the short term (less than 12 months) or long term (12 months or more). Some of our outcomes of interest were not measured in the studies: time to restoration failure or retreatment, patient satisfaction and costs. Crowns placed on primary molar teeth with carious lesions, or following pulp treatment, are likely to reduce the
This review included 28 studies involving 788 children and adults with cystic fibrosis. These studies compared PEP to ACBT, autogenic drainage (AD), oral oscillating PEP devices, HFCWO, BiPaP and exercise. In 22 of the 28 studies, PEP was performed using a mask. In three studies a mouthpiece was used. In the other three studies it was unclear whether a mask was used or not. The evidence provided by this review is of variable quality. We found that single treatments or a series of treatments that continued for up to three months had little or no effect on lung function. However, there was high-quality evidence that there was a reduction in the number of lung attacks in people using PEP for at least one year. In one of the included studies, it was reported (by the patient) that there were no more lung attacks with PEP when PEP used with a mask than with an oral PEP device. There was no difference between the two groups of people in terms of side effects. In a study where infants using either PEP or PDPV, there were more cases of reflux in the PEP group (26 infants). In one study which used PEP using an oral device, five infants had dizziness, which improved with further instructions on device use. In PEP versus high-frequency chest wall oscillation, we found no evidence that PEP had an effect on side effects, but there was some evidence that it had fewer side effects in the lower airways. The quality of the evidence was variable. Many studies had a risk of bias, as they did not report how the study was carried out or how they had been designed to prevent bias. Most studies also did not give enough details about how they were carried out.
We included four studies involving 1485 participants with moderate to severe Crohn's disease. Most patients were adults over 18 years of age. All studies included active CD patients with CDAI ranging from 220 to 450. Most participants were men and women. One study was identified as high risk of bias due to a non-identical placebo. The other studies were judged to be at low risk. CZP (100 mg to 400 mg every 2 to 4 weeks) was superior to placebo for achieving clinical remission at week 8. The results of this review suggest that, compared to placebo (a fake drug), CZp is effective for inducing clinical remission and clinical response. The overall quality of the evidence was moderate. Serious adverse events were observed in 8.7% (73/835) and 6.2%, respectively. It is uncertain whether the risk of serious adverse events differs between CZPs and placebo as the 95% confidence interval (CI) includes the possibility of a small decrease or doubling of events. Serious side effects included worsening Crohn’s disease, infections, and malignancy.
We searched scientific databases for clinical trials of treatments for heart failure in people with CKD. The evidence is current to September 2016. We included studies that compared any drug with placebo or no treatment, or compared a drug with another drug or a combination of drugs. We found 112 studies that met our inclusion criteria. Of these, 31 studies (23,762 participants) with data on CKD patients, follow-up ranged from three months to five years, and study size ranged from 16 to 2916 participants. In total, 26 studies (19,612 participants) reported data on at least one outcome of interest for our review and were included in our meta-analyses. In acute heart failure, the effects of adenosine A1-receptor antagonists, dopamine, nesiritide, or serelaxin on death, hospitalisations, worsening heart failure or kidney function, hyperkalaemia, hypotension or quality of life were uncertain due to sparse data or were not reported. The effects of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors (ACEi or ARB), aldosterone antagonists, and vasopressin receptor antagonists on death (any cause) were uncertain. Treatment with beta-blockers may reduce the risk of hospitalisation (4 studies, 3136 participants) compared to no treatment (moderate certainty evidence). Treatment with ACEi and ARB had uncertain effects on hospitalisation, as treatment estimates were consistent with either benefit or harm. We were unable to estimate whether treatment with sinus node inhibitors (3 studies, 826 participants) increases the risk for high blood potassium levels, as there were few studies and meta-analysis was not possible. We did not find any studies investigating the effect of anti-arrhythmic agents, digoxin, phosphodiesterase inhibitors, renin inhibitors, vasodilators, or vasoprespiratory drugs on death or hospitalisation. The quality of the evidence was low or very low
This review included three studies involving a total of 1945 women. No serious complications were reported in the trials and no babies died. The review found no differences between the two types of tocodynamometry for any of the outcomes for the mother or baby. The risk of the baby being admitted to hospital was the same in both groups. The pooled risk for instrumental delivery (including caesarean section, ventouse and forceps extract) was not different between groups. Hyperstimulation was reported in two studies (n = 489), but there was no difference between the groups. There was no evidence to support the use of one type of tocopherolometry over the other. Overall, risk of bias across the three trials was mixed. Given that this review is based on three studies (N = 1945 women) of moderate quality, there is not enough evidence to recommend one form of monitoring (intravenous or external) over another for women where oxytocin is given for induction or augmentation of labour.
We included two trials involving 54 participants with chronic venous disease. One study reported no difference between the exercise and control groups, and the second reported a reduction in the symptoms of CVI. In one study, increases in change in lung function, half venous filling time, and total venous refilling time were observed in the exercise group. In the second study, no difference was found between the two groups. The incidence of venous leg ulcers, incidence of surgery to treat symptoms, and exercise capacity were not assessed or reported in either of the included trials. We rated both studies as at high risk of bias. We were not able to verify indirectness and publication bias. Due to the small number of studies and small sample size, we could not be able to assess the effect of physical exercise. The overall quality of evidence was very low.
This review of randomized controlled trials found that viscosupplementation is an effective treatment for OA of the knee. It is important to note that the results of this review should be interpreted with caution, as there are few randomised head-to-head comparisons (where two or more treatments are compared) and readers should be cautious, therefore, in drawing conclusions regarding the relative value of different products. Overall, the analyses performed are positive for the HA class, and particularly for some products with respect to pain on weight bearing at 5 to 13 weeks post injection. In general, few side effects were reported in these analyses. However, it should be noted that the magnitude of the effect, as expressed by the WMD and the RevMan 4.2 output, is different for different products, comparisons, timepoints, variables, and trial designs.
We included 10 randomised clinical trials with a total of 4052 women. Four trials (1881 women) compared misoprostol with placebo (a pretend drug) given in addition to uterotonics. The other two trials compared 800 mcg to 1000 mcg of sublingual (sublingual or sublingually administered) misioprostol versus oxytocin infusion as primary PPH treatment; one trial included women who had received prophylactic uterotonic drugs, and the other did not. The review suggests that among women who have received uterotonic drugs for the treatment of primary PH, the addition of oxytocins to the usual treatment did not provide any additional benefit for our primary outcomes including maternal mortality (risk ratio (RR) 6.16, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.75 to 50.85), serious maternal morbidity, admission to intensive care or hysterectomy (RR 0.79, 95%, 95% CI 0.30 to 2.11). The review also found that women who received oxytocine infusion were more likely to have additional blood loss of at least 1000 mL (RR 2.65; CI 1.04 to 6.75) than women who were given sublingural misuprostol, but the risk of vomiting and shivering was higher. Two trials attempted to test the effectiveness of estrogen and tranexamic acid, respectively, but were too small for any meaningful comparisons of pre-specified outcomes. One study compared lower segment compression but was too small to assess impact on primary outcomes. We did not identify any trials evaluating surgical techniques or radiological interventions for women with primary PHL unresponsive to uterotonics and/or haemostatics. The role of tranxamic acid and compression methods requires further evaluation. Furthermore, future studies should focus on the best way to treat women who fail to respond to uterotic therapy.
This review identified six trials that evaluated the effects of short-term cysteine supplementation of PN in very low birth weight infants. Five small trials evaluated the use of cysteines in preterm infants. One large trial evaluated the effect of N-acetylcythsteine supplements on growth and retention of nutrients. The evidence is current to September 2014. The review found that routine short-time cysteins supplementation of cysterectomy-free PN improves nitrogen balance in pre term infants. However, there is insufficient evidence to assess the risks of cyteine supplementation, especially regarding metabolic acidosis, which has been reported during the first two weeks of cy steine chloride administration. Available evidence from a large trial does not support routine N- acetylcysteine supplementing of cystic fibrosis-containing PN.
We found 77 randomised clinical trials including 6287 participants. Forty-one trials provided information for one or more outcomes. Thirty-five trials (3829 participants) included only people with NAFLD. Five trials included people with diabetes mellitus. The follow-up in the trials ranged from one month to 24 months. We present here only the comparisons of active treatment versus no treatment. We found that there was no evidence of difference in the number of deaths, serious adverse events, or health- related quality of life, between the two groups. None of the trials reported health-related quality. There was no difference between the groups in the proportion of people with serious side effects. We are very uncertain about the effects of active treatments compared to no treatment for people with non-alcoholic steatohepatitis. The evidence is up to date as of March 2018. The source of funding Twenty-six trials were partially- or fully-funded by pharmaceutical companies that would benefit, based on the results of the trial. Twelve trials did not receive any additional funding or were funded by parties with no vested interest in the results. The sources of funding was not provided in 39 trials. Due to the very low quality of evidence, we are not able to draw any conclusions about the effectiveness of pharmacological treatments for people who have nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. Further well-designed randomised trials with sufficiently large sample sizes are necessary. The overall quality of the evidence was very low. Only one trial was at low risk of bias in all domains. All other trials were at high-risk of bias.
In total, 1282 participants with MCI were identified in the 15 included studies. Of these, 1172 had analysed data. In total, 430 participants converted to Alzheimer’s disease dementia and 130 to other forms of dementia. The CSF t-tau was evaluated in seven studies (291 cases, 418 non-cases). The sensitivity values ranged from 51% to 90% while the specificities were 48% to 88%. At the median specificity of 72%, the estimated sensitivity was 75% (95% CI 67 to 85), and the positive likelihood ratio was 2.72. Six studies (164 cases, 328 cases) evaluated the accuracy of the CSF p- tau. The sensitivities ranged from 40% and 100% (range: 40% CI 40% to 100%) while the specificity values were between 22% and 86%. Five studies (140 cases, 293 non- cases) assessed the sensitivity and specificity of CSF/ABeta ratio. We did not conduct a meta-analysis because the studies were few and small. Only one study reported the accuracy and sensitivity values for CSF-Tau/ABETA ratio. The accuracy of these CSF biomarkers for ‘other dementias’ had not been investigated in the included primary studies. Our findings are based on studies with poor reporting. A significant number of studies had unclear risk of bias for the reference standard, participant selection and flow and timing domains. According to the assessment of index test domain, eight of 15 studies were of poor methodological quality. The main sources of heterogeneity were thought likely to be reference standards used for the target disorders, sources of recruitment, participant sampling, index test methodology and aspects of study quality (particularly, inadequate blinding). We were not able to formally assess the effect of each potential source of heterogeneity as planned, due to the small number of relevant studies available to be included. The insufficiency and heterogeneity of research to date primarily leads to a state of
We included three studies involving 170 participants. All included participants were male and were undergoing a radical radical prostatectomy. The men were between 50 and 75 years of age and met the criteria for a physical classification of 'Physician's physical classification scores' (ASA). We found one ongoing trial. We found that propofol reduces nausea and vomiting (PONV) after RALRP, but there was no difference in pain between the two types of anaesthetics. We also found evidence that TIVA may prevent an increase in pressure in the eye when compared with sevoflurane. However, it is not clear whether this translates directly to clinical avoidance of eye complications. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. All three studies were small and provided unclear descriptions of methods. It is unclear which anaesthetic technique is superior - TIVAs or inhalations - for transabdominal robotic surgery in urology, gynaecology and gastroenterology. The evidence is scarce, is of low quality and has been drawn from exclusively male patients undergoing radical radical prostatic surgery. An ongoing trial, which includes both genders, might have an impact on quality of recovery. No studies addressed the outcomes of side effects, all-cause deaths, death due to any cause, respiratory or circulatory problems, cognitive dysfunction, length of stay or costs.
We included 14 studies in this review, with 1,601,515 study participants. Most studies found no causal associations between the use of corticosteroids of any potency, and pregnancy outcomes. The evidence is current to September 2016. We found no evidence that maternal use of topical steroids increased the risk of low birth weight, congenital abnormalities, preterm delivery, foetal death, or low Apgar score. Maternal use of mild to moderate potency topical steroids was associated with a decreased risk of the baby dying (low quality evidence), but we did not observe this effect when potent to very potent topical steroids were given during pregnancy. The results from three of the individual studies in the meta-analysis indicated that there was an increased risk of high birth weight in women who received potent or very potent steroid doses. We rated the quality of the evidence as low or very low because of imprecision in the results of the studies and inconsistency in the numbers of babies that died.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared topical corticosteroids with no topical steroids. The total number of participants in these trials was 611. Three of the four trials were conducted in the USA, one in Canada, and one in India. One trial was included in the previous version of the review. We found three new trials through the updated searches in July 2014. The trials were of good quality. All trials compared the treatment of bacterial keratitis with topical cortiosteroid (a type of steroid) or no topical steroid, and had follow-up periods from two months to one year. The largest trial was the Steroids for Corneal Ulcers Trial (SCUT), which included 611 participants. The trial reported that time to re-epithelialization (the time taken for the cornea to heal) was 53% slower in the steroid group than in the control group. However, the SCUT did not find any difference in the time taken to heal. One of the three smaller trials was a pilot study of the largest study. None of the trials reported any important difference between the two groups. The investigators of the trial found that more patients in the group developed eye pressure (intraocular pressure) elevation. One study reported quality of life and concluded that there was no difference between groups. We did not have enough data to determine whether there was a difference in adverse events. We could not combine the data from the trials for most of the outcomes. There is not enough evidence as to show whether there is a strong effect of steroids on the visual acuity, scar size, or adverse events in people with bacteria-infected eyes. Further, the trials were too small to be able to detect a treatment effect.
We included four trials with 450 participants in this review. Three trials compared intravenous thrombolytic treatment with percutaneous treatment for ischaemic stroke. We found no evidence from these trials to show that the method of administration was superior to the intravenous method in terms of functional outcome. The quality of evidence was low. At the end of follow-up, there was no difference in the number of participants who died. There was no evidence that there was a difference between the groups in the proportion of participants with symptomatic blood clots in the brain. There were no data on vascular status. We considered the evidence to be of low quality. New trials are needed to assess the benefits and harms of the two methods of administration.
We included one study, which involved 120 families and 143 children. The study was conducted in high-income countries. The evidence is current to September 2014. The trial did not provide any evidence that centre-based day care, rather than no treatment (care at home), improved or worsened children's cognitive ability (Griffiths Mental Development Scale, very low-quality evidence) or psychosocial development (parental report of abnormal development, risk ratio (RR) 1.21, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.25 to 5.78, 1 study). No other measures of child intellectual or psychological development were reported in the included study. Moreover, there was no evidence that day care improved employment of parents, as measured by the number of mothers in full-time or part-time employment and maternal hours per week in paid employment or household income above £200 per week. This study did not report on long-term outcomes for children (high-school completion or income). This review includes one study that provides inconclusive evidence as regards the effects of day care for children younger than five years of age and their families. The quality of the evidence was very low, mainly because of the small number of children included in the study and the fact that many of the trials included co-interventions that are unlikely to be found in normal day care centres. We need more research on this topic. Comparisons might include home visits or alternative day care arrangements that provide special attention to children from low-income families while exploring possible mechanisms of effect.
In total, 126 reports describing 30 scores were identified through the screening process. Eleven of the 30 scoring indices have undergone some form of index validation. However, none of these scores have been fully validated. The Nancy Index and the Robarts Histopathology Index are the only two that have undergone the most validation. Four of the scoring indices (the Nancy Index, Robarts histopathology, construct validity (hypothesis testing) and criterion validity) have been tested. In order to determine the optimal score, more research is needed.
We included three randomised trials that compared nailing versus plating in 213 participants. The evidence is current to September 2014. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK and Australia. The studies were conducted between 1991 and 2013 and involved 173 participants. There were no trials comparing surgery with non-surgical treatment. The average age of participants in individual studies ranged from 41 to 44 years. The available evidence, which is of very low quality, found no clinically important differences in function or pain, and did not confirm a difference in the need for re-operation or risk of complications between nailing and plating. Based on an illustrative risk of 100 re-operations for adverse outcomes within one year of plate fixation in 1000 people with these fractures, 63 fewer (95% CI 88 fewer to 12 more) people per 1000 would have to have reoperations after nailing. Similarly pooled data (173 participants, 3 trials) for the symptomatic nonunion or malunion, wound complications and fracture union favoured nailing but the 95% confidence intervals crossed the line of no effect and thus included the possibility of a better outcome after plate fixation. Evidence from one trial (85 participants) showed no difference in pain between the two groups. Overall, there is either no or insufficient evidence to draw definitive conclusions on the use of surgery or the best surgical intervention for distal tibial metaphyseal fractures in adults. The quality of available evidence was rated as very low for all outcomes, meaning that we are very unsure about the estimates for all outcome measures. The three included trials were at high risk of bias, with one trial also being at high-risk of selection, detection and attrition bias. The results of individual trials indicated that this was very unlikely to be a clinically important difference. Further trials are warranted on other issues, but should be preceded by research to identify priority questions.
We included 11 studies involving 38,742 participants. Eight studies compared BPLD versus placebo or no treatment (35,110 participants), and three studies compared a systolic blood pressure target (3632 participants). The risk of bias varied greatly. The pooled risk ratio (RR) of BPLDs for recurrent stroke was 0.81 (95% CI 0.70 to 0.93; 8 RCTs; 35,110 people; moderate-quality evidence), and for major vascular event 0.90 (95-CI 0.78 to 1.04; 4 studies; 28,630 people; high-quality results). The pooled RR of intensive blood pressure lowering (blood pressure-lowering) for the subgroup of people with stroke or TIA who had a stroke or had had a TIA was 1.58 (95%) (range 0.63 to 2.00; 2 studies; 6671 participants; high quality evidence). We mainly observed a reduced risk of recurrent stroke in people using an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor or a diuretic (I2 statistic for subgroup differences 72.1%; P = 0.006). No definite conclusions can be drawn from current evidence regarding the optimal systographic blood pressure goal after stroke or stroke or traumatic brain injury.
This review of four randomized controlled trials (lasting 4 to 26 weeks) found that the use of B-sitosterols, a non-glucosidic anti-cancer drug, may improve the symptoms of prostate cancer. However, their long-term effects and safety are not known.
The review includes 26 trials comparing salmeterol to placebo or salbutamol, and eight trials (including 2,599 children). In six trials (2,766 patients), no data could be obtained. We found no significant increase in the risk of death from any cause with regular salmetol compared with placebo. We also found an increased risk of asthma-related deaths in people who were not taking inhaled steroids. There was also a clear increase in risk of deaths in patients not using an inhaled corticosteroid. There is not enough evidence to be sure whether the risk in children is higher or lower. We combined the data from two large studies (25,180 and 26,355 patients) as all the deaths in these studies were in adults. We could not rule out an increase in death due to asthma in people not taking an inhaler. The risk of serious adverse events was higher with regular Salmeterol than with placebo, but this was not significant. There were no differences between the two groups of people. We cannot be certain whether regular salmmeterol is better or worse than a placebo for asthma in children, as there were only a small number of children studied in these trials. The results of this review should be interpreted with caution due to the wide range of results.
The review authors identified two studies that enrolled preterm infants with respiratory distress. Both studies had methodological concerns, including quasi-random methods of patient allocation, no blinding of treatment and loss of participants to follow up. Neither study reported any significant benefits in neonatal illness or death from use of thyroid hormones. Meta-analysis of two studies, involving 80 infants, found no significant difference in mortality to discharge. Amato 1988 and 1989 reported no significant differences in use of mechanical ventilation. No significant effects were found in the use of breathing machines, time spent on a breathing machine, air leak, chronic lung disease at 28 days in survivors. No evidence was found that postnatal thyroid hormone treatment reduces the severity of breathing problems or the number of deaths in preterm babies. There is no evidence to support the routine use of hormones to prevent breathing problems in babies born preterm.
We included 38 randomised controlled trials with a total of 1828 participants. Eight trials had low risk of bias in the assessment of mortality. All trials had a high risk of biased results. We found evidence that non-absorbable (disaccharide) disaccharides can help to reduce the risk of death, liver failure, and bleeding from the liver. We also found that the use of these drugs may reduce serious side effects. We did not find evidence that they had an effect on quality of life. The quality of the evidence was very low. The evidence is up-to-date as of August 2018.
We included 65 studies involving 3598 participants in this review. Forty-three studies evaluated bone density or bone-related markers of bone health, with more recent studies testing proteinuria and high blood pressure. The evidence is current to January 2019. Bisphosphonate therapy may reduce fracture and bone pain after kidney transplantation, however low certainty in the evidence indicates it is possible that treatment may make little or no difference. It was uncertain whether any other drug class decreased fracture (low or very low certainty evidence). It was also uncertain whether interventions for bone disease in kidney transplant patients reduce all-cause or cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction or stroke, or graft loss (very low certainty). It is uncertain whether other treatments have any effect on skeletal, cardiovascular, death, or transplant function outcomes. The effects of the benefits and harms of all other treatments were uncertain. Evidence for children and young adolescents was sparse. A single study reported outcomes among 60 children and adolescents.
We found four trials involving 317 people. Three trials studied oral magnesium, with doses ranging from 12.5 to 20 mmol/day. One trial studied parenteral magnesium. Each trial demonstrated a high risk of bias in at least one domain. There was significant clinical and methodological variation between trials. We found no study that measured all of the identified outcomes. Only one trial measured symptoms of seizure, delirium tremens (shaken body parts) or components of the Clinical Institute Withdrawal Assessment for Alcohol (CIWA) score. A single outcome (handgrip strength) in three trials (113 people), could be included in a meta-analysis. There were no significant increases in handgrip-strength in the magnesium group. No adverse events were reported. There is not enough evidence to determine whether there is any benefit or harm from the use of magnesium in the treatment of people with alcohol withdrawal syndrome. Further research is needed.
We included 15 trials involving 3057 participants. Of the 15 included trials, 10 appeared in our 2012 review and five (631 participants) are legacy trials from merging two reviews. No new studies were included for this update. Overall, the risk of bias was low. Antibiotics can shorten the time to cure, but only 5 to 11 more people per 100 will be cured faster if they receive antibiotics. Five fewer people in 100 will experience clinical failure, and 13 more people will experience side effects with antibiotics. A disease-related complication (brain abscess) occurred in one person (of 3057) one week after receiving antibiotics. We could not draw conclusions about children and people with suppressed immune systems, and those with severe sinusitis, because we were not included in these trials. The potential benefit of antibiotics to treat acute rhinosinusitis is marginal and needs to be seen in the context of the risks of side effects.
The review of trials found that D2 lymphadenectomy is more effective than D1 (dummy) surgery for the treatment of patients with cancer of the stomach. However, the risk of dying after the operation is higher. The quality of the evidence was moderate, due to the small number of trials and the high risk of postoperative mortality.
This review aimed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of oral naltrexone treatment in the treatment of opioid dependence. Thirteen studies, involving a total of 1158 participants, were included. The findings of this review suggest that oral use of naltrerexone did not perform better than treatment with placebo or no pharmacological agents in terms of the number of people who were re-incarcerated. However, the results come from single studies. Naltrexone was not better than benzodiazepines and buprenorphine for any of the outcomes. The percentage of people retained in treatment was low (28%). The conclusion of the review is that the studies conducted so far have not been of sufficient quality to allow an assessment of the efficacy, safety, and side effects of oral treatment in this field. Consequently, maintenance therapy with naltroxone cannot yet be considered a treatment which has been proven to be better than other kinds of treatment.
We included two studies in this review. Both were part of the same large multicentre trial and included people with dementia. The first study, a cross-over trial, investigated the immediate effects on aspiration of two viscosities of fluids (nectar thick and honey thick) in 351 participants with dementia and people with or without dementia. Regular liquids with a chin down head posture were also compared. The second study, which was a parallel designed RCT, compared the effect of thickened fluids with a 'chin down' head posture with a group of 260 participants. There were no deaths classified as 'definitely related' to the type of fluids prescribed. There may be differences in outcome depending on the grade of thickness of fluids and the sequence of treatments trialled in video fluorescenceoscopy. The overall quality of evidence for outcomes in the review is low. We are uncertain about the immediate and long-term effects of modifying the consistency of fluid for swallowing difficulties in dementia as too few studies have been completed. Clinicians should be aware that while thickening fluids may have an immediate positive effect on swallowing, the effects of these changes on the health of the person with dementia should be considered. Further high-quality clinical trials are required. Risk of bias for both studies is high.
We found six randomised controlled trials with a total of 788 women. The largest trial included 396 women eligible for this review. No evidence of a statistically significant difference was found between natural cycle IVF and IVF in live birth rates. The evidence suggests that for a woman with a 53% chance of live birth using IVF, the chance using IVFs would range from 34% to 53%. Findings for OHSS were of very low quality. There was no evidence that natural cycle or IVF was better than standard IVF for rates of OHSS, clinical pregnancy, ongoing pregnancy, multiple pregnancy, gestational abnormalities, or cycle cancellations. Findings on treatment costs were not consistent. One trial reported that the oocyte retrieval rate was lower in the natural cycle group. There were insufficient data to draw any conclusions about rates of treatment cancellation. The quality of the evidence was very low for live birth and pregnancy rates, and very low or low quality for the other outcomes. More research is needed.
We included a total of 984 participants from 12 studies (23 references) in this analysis. Programmes lasted for six weeks to one year. We included only those involved in Tai Chi and the control group (i.e. 811 participants) in the final analysis. All included studies were RCTs; three studies used allocation concealment, six reported blinded outcome assessors and three studies took an intention-to-treat approach. Analysis was split into three comparisons: (1), Tai Chi versus usual care; (2) Tai Chi plus breathing exercise versus breathing exercise alone; and (3) and exercise plus exercise versus exercise alone. No adverse events were reported. The effects of Tai Chi on walking distance, lung function and quality of life are uncertain. Tai Chi is safe to practise in people with COPD. The quality of evidence of the outcomes ranged from very low to moderate.
We included 72 randomised controlled trials that involved 2470 participants. This review includes 35 new studies in addition to the studies that we found in the previous version of this review. The studies varied in terms of both the goals of treatment and the virtual reality device used. Study sample sizes were generally small. The risk of bias present in many studies was unclear. Thus, while the quality of the evidence was mostly low. We found evidence that the use of virtual reality to improve upper limb function was not more beneficial than conventional therapy. However, we found that when virtual reality was used as an adjunct to usual care (providing a higher dose of therapy) there was a small but significant difference between groups. We were unable to pool results for cognitive function, participation restriction, or quality of life. There was a trend suggesting that higher dose and more than 15 hours of total treatment was preferable, but the size of the difference was too small to be meaningful. There were few side effects reported in these studies, and most were relatively mild. The evidence is up to date as of February 2016.
We identified five randomised controlled trials (1330 participants) that met the inclusion criteria. Three trials (723 participants) added fluoroquinolones to the standard first-line treatment for drug-sensitive TB. A single trial (174 participants) tested adding levofloxacin (a drug that blocks the action of TB drugs) to standard treatment. No trials reported on treatment failure. For death, sputum conversion, and side effects we are uncertain if there is an effect. For relapse we do not know if there was an effect (one trial, 170 participants). For death at eight weeks, we are very low quality evidence. For serious side effects, there was no difference (three trials, 723 participants). We are uncertain of the effect (four trials, 433 participants) for death. For the other outcomes we are not sure if there were any difference (death or relapse). For relapse, treatment failure, and death, we were not able to draw any conclusions. For side effects there was little or no difference in the number of people who died or had a relapse. No trial reported on death or relapse. There was not enough evidence to be clear whether the addition of a drug to the usual treatment with isoniazid or fluorocinolone, or the use of a new drug to replace the drug, reduces death. We are also uncertain if the drug is better or worse than the usual drug for treating drug-ensitive TB. We do know that more trials are in progress testing shorter regimens (four month or less) of these drugs. We rated the quality of the evidence as very low for all three outcomes. This means that further research is likely to have an impact on our confidence in the results. The evidence is up to date as of February 2019.
