This review of 38 studies involving 7843 children found that asthma education aimed at children and their carers who present to the emergency department for acute exacerbations can result in a lower risk of future emergency department presentation and hospital admission. However, there is uncertainty as to the long-term effect of education on other markers of asthma morbidity (such as quality of life, symptoms and lung function). It remains unclear as to what type, duration and intensity of education packages are the most effective in reducing acute care utilisation.
We included 130 studies with 8341 participants in this review. Most studies had fewer than 50 participants per treatment arm, which means that the results may not be reliable. We did not stratify the main analysis by type of surgery or any other factor, such as dose or timing of ketamine administration, and used a non-stratified analysis. We found that intravenous ketamine reduced pain at rest by 5/100 mm on a visual analogue scale (high-quality evidence), and at 48 hours by 22% on a scale of pain intensity. Pain during movement by 14% at 24 hours and by 16% after 48 hours. Pain was reduced by 7 cm² on a 7-point scale. Ketamine reduced the time taken for the first request for pain relief by 54 minutes, compared with placebo, and reduced the area of postoperative hyperalgesia (hypoxia). We found no difference between ketamine and nitrous oxide (a drug that increases blood pressure) in terms of side effects. We rated the quality of the evidence as high for pain reduction at rest, pain during movement, and side effects, but low for side effects after the operation. We downgraded the quality because of small-study effects, or because the number of participants was below 400.
The review of trials found five trials of MSP/RESA vaccine with 217 participants. All five reported on safety, and two on efficacy. No severe or systemic adverse effects were reported at doses of 13 to 15 µg of each antigen (39 to 45 µg total). In one small efficacy trial with 17 non-immune participants with blood-stage parasites, the vaccine did not reduce or delay the growth of parasites. In the second efficacy trial in 120 children aged five to nine years in Papua New Guinea, episodes of malaria were not reduced, but the vaccine reduced parasite density in children who had not been pretreated with an antimalarial drug. In this trial, infection with the 3D7 parasite subtype (MSP2) was reduced (719 participants), while those with the other main subtype, FC27, were not. In summary, the MSP andRESA (Combination B) vaccine shows promise as a way to reduce the severity of the malaria episodes but the effect of the vaccine is MSP2-specific.
This review identified four randomised controlled trials involving 125 participants. Three studies evaluated the effects of pulsed electromagnetic fields, and one study, capacitive coupled electric fields. Participants with long bone fractures were included, but most of the data related to non-union of the tibia. Each study had limitations. The overall pooled effect size was small and not statistically significant (4 trials). There was substantial variation in the results of the studies. A statistical analysis conducted to assess the effect of multiple follow-up time-points showed that the effect size remained non-significant (3 trials). No study reported functional outcome measures. One trial reported two minor complications resulting from treatment. There was no reduction in pain found in two trials. Further well-conducted trials are needed to determine the effectiveness of this treatment.
We included 12 randomised clinical trials with a total of 1831 participants. Nine trials included patients undergoing elective laparoscopic cholecystectomy exclusively. One trial included patients having an emergency operation. The average age of the participants ranged between 48 years and 63 years. The proportion of females ranged between 55.0% and 79.0%. There was no difference between the drain group (1/840) and the 'no drain' group (2/841) in short-term deaths in the ten trials with 1681 participants reporting on this outcome. There were no significant differences between the two groups in the number of patients who died in the 10 trials that provided this information. There was little or no difference in the risk of death in either group in the eight trials with 1286 participants. The number of serious adverse events in each group reported by eight trials (1286 participants) was 1.5 events per 100 participants, and in the five trials (449 participants) there was no significant difference in length of hospital stay. The operating time was longer in the drain groups than in the no drain group. The quality of life was no different between the groups in one trial (93 participants). The length of time patients spent in hospital was similar in both groups (five trials; 449 participants). One trial (68 participants) reported that there was a lower rate of discharge as day-procedure laparoscopically (one trial; 68 participants). There was also no clear difference between groups in terms of the quality of the return to normal activity, return to work, or the time taken for a patient to return home. This trial did not provide any information from which the standard deviation could be imputed for these outcomes. There is currently no evidence to support the routine use of drain after laparectomy. Further well designed randomised trials are necessary.
Forty-nine randomised trials involving 3639 participants were included in this review. All trials were conducted and published in China. Thirty-eight different Chinese herbal medicines were tested in these trials. These included four single herbs (extracts from a single herb), eight Chinese patent medicines, and 26 self concocted Chinese herbal compound prescriptions. The trials reported on global symptom improvement, and changes in nerve conduction velocity. There was no evidence to support the objective effectiveness and safety of Chinese herbal medicine for treating diabetic peripheral neuropathy. Most of the trials were of very low methodological quality, which means that the results should be interpreted with caution. There were no well-designed, randomised, placebo controlled trials with objective outcome measures. Conclusions cannot be drawn from this review about the safety of herbal medicines, due to inadequate reporting.
This review included five randomized controlled trials involving 1382 patients with advanced prostate cancer. All the included studies had small numbers of patients and were of short duration. Few events were reported. One trial (N = 43) found no difference in side effects between IAS and CAS. Limited information suggests IAS may have slightly reduced side effects. There are no data for the relative effectiveness of IAS versus CAS in terms of overall survival, prostate cancer-specific survival, or disease progression.
We identified 12 trials most of which are of moderate risk of bias involving 7,119 women. Five trials randomised to either immediate or delayed insertion of IUD. One trial randomised women to the levonorgestrel IUD or the Nova T showed that women who received the IUD were more likely to stop using it due to pregnancy than those who received delayed insertion. One of them also showed that intrauterine device use and expulsion rates were higher immediately after an abortion. However, at six months postabortion, IUD use was higher following immediate insertion compared to delayed IUD insertion. The quality of evidence was moderate. In other trials, adding copper sleeves to the Lippes Loop improved the efficacy and reduced expulsion. The evidence is up to date as of April 2015.
We included only one small trial published as an abstract article. Ninety-one participants enrolled in the study, but only 42 participants were eligible for analysis. There was no information about the average age and sex of the study population. We found a high risk for attrition bias and unclear risk for bias in the way the study was conducted. We judged the overall risk of bias as high due to missing data. The included trial might be beneficial for the quality of life of haematological malignant patients, with higher scores for participants in the mediation arms compared to the usual care group. Levels of depression decreased in both the meditation group and the control group. The influence of meditation practice on overall survival, fatigue, anxiety, quality of sleep and adverse events were not evaluated in this trial. The quality of the evidence was very low, due to the small number of participants and the small sample size of the trial. More high quality trials are needed.
We found three trials involving 110 healthy children who were siblings of household contacts. The trials varied in study quality, vaccine used, length of follow-up and outcomes measured and, as such, were not suitable for meta-analysis. We identified high or unclear risk of bias in two of the three included studies. Overall, 13 out of 56 (23%) children developed varicella, compared with 42 out of 54 (78%) who received placebo (or no vaccine). Of the vaccine recipients, 13 had mild disease (fewer than 50 skin lesions). In the three trials, most children received PEP within three days following exposure; too few children were vaccinated four to five days post-exposure to be able to determine the effect of vaccine given more than three days after exposure. No included trial reported on adverse events following immunisation. We found no RCTs for adolescents or adults.
We included 12 randomised controlled trials, with 4704 participants, in this review. Eleven trials performed a total of 16 head-to-head comparisons of different antibiotic regimens. All the trials were at high risk of bias. With the exception of one trial in which all the people were positive for MRSA or had had previous MRSA infections, it does not appear that MRSA has been tested or eradicated prior to surgery. There was no sufficient clinical similarity between the trials to be able to combine their results. There were no significant differences in the number of people who died from any cause in the four trials that reported deaths, and there were no major differences in mortality between the intervention and control groups. None of the trials reported quality of life, total length of hospital stay, or the use of healthcare resources. Overall, 221/4032 (5.5%) people developed SSIs due to all organisms, and 46/4704 (1.0%) due to MRSA. In the 15 trials that compared one antibiotic regimen with another, there was no difference in the proportion of people developing SSIs. In two trials, 19/478 (4.5% of people) people developed MRSA infection, including SSI, chest infection and bacteraemia. In these two comparisons, the percentage of people with MRSA was similar in the two comparison groups. In one trial that compared an antibiotic regimen versus placebo, there were significantly lower rates of developing MRSA in the group that received co-amoxiclav (or cefotaxime if allergic to penicillin) (an antibiotic), compared with the control group. There is currently no other evidence to suggest that a combination of multiple prophylactic antibiotics or an increased dose of antibiotics for an increased duration is of benefit to people undergoing surgery. Well designed RCTs are necessary on this topic.
We included two trials (116 women) comparing planned home versus hospital management for PPROM. Overall, the number of women included in each trial was too small to allow assessment of pre-specified outcomes. There was some evidence that women managed at home were more likely to have a caesarean section, but the results should be interpreted cautiously as there is moderate heterogeneity for this outcome. Mothers who were given care at home spent 10 fewer days as inpatients and were more satisfied with their care. Home care was also associated with reduced costs. There were no differences between groups for serious neonatal illness, chorioamnionitis, gestational age at birth, birthweight and admission to neonatal intensive care. We did not find any information on serious maternal illness or death. The review included two small studies that did not have enough women to detect meaningful differences between the two groups. Future large, well-designed randomised controlled trials are needed to assess differences between home care and hospital care. Special attention should be paid to the assessment of maternal satisfaction with care and cost analysis. These will have social and economic implications in developed and developing countries.
The two methods of skin closure for caesarean are non-absorbable staples and absorbable sutures. These two types of staples are the most commonly studied method for skin closure, and these two are the two methods most often compared. Staples are associated with similar risk of wound infection, pain and cosmesis when compared with sutured staples. However, if staples are removed on day three, there is an increased risk of skin separation and the need for reclosure. There is no conclusive evidence about how the skin should be closed.
We identified 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 821 participants. Seven trials examined a green tea intervention and four examined a black tea intervention. The effects of both green and black tea on CVD risk factors varied between trials. Green tea was found to produce favourable effects on blood cholesterol, blood pressure, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and blood pressure. However, due to the small number of trials contributing to each analysis, the results should be treated with some caution and further high quality trials are needed to confirm this. Black tea was also found to reduce the risk of CVD. Adverse events were measured in five trials. These included a diagnosis of prostate cancer, hospitalisation for influenza, appendicitis and retinal detachment but these are unlikely to be related to the intervention. There are very few long-term studies to date looking at the effects of green or black tea for CVD prevention.
This review identified two small trials that recruited a total of 23 participants. These studies did not find any clear evidence to support the use of azathioprine in the treatment of chronic asthma. Due to concerns over the small sample sizes and methodological shortcomings in terms of inadequate washout in one study, and the methods used in outcome assessment for both studies, the findings of the studies are not generalisable to the issue of steroid tapering. Large, long-term studies with pre-defined steroid reducing protocols are needed before recommendations for clinical use can be made.
This review identified 56 studies involving a total of 4068 participants. The majority of these studies were carried out in people with breast cancer (28 studies). The review found that exercise on fatigue can be beneficial for those with cancer-related fatigue during and post-cancer therapy, especially those with solid tumours. The findings of this review should be interpreted with caution in the context of the fact that many of the studies were of poor quality. More research is needed to determine the best type, intensity and timing of an exercise intervention.
We included five trials with 3427 people in the review. These trials included only adults (16 to 65 years of age). The trials were conducted in Germany, Italy and Belgium. The overall risk of bias was low for overall survival and detection bias was high for other outcomes. The remaining 'Risk of bias' domains were low and unclear. All five trials reported results for OS and progression-free survival (PFS). The results from the EORTC 20012 trial showed that patients treated with BEACOPP escalated increased OS (3142 participants; high-quality evidence). This means that 90 (70 to 117) patients will die after five years compared to 120 (120 to 120) in the ABVD arm. This survival advantage is also reflected in an increased PFS of 3142 participants (moderate quality evidence). After five years, 144 (121 to 168) patients with advanced HL will experience a progress, relapse or death compared to 250 (250 to 250) in both arms. There is no evidence for a difference in the number of treatment-related deaths. Although the occurrence of MDS or AML may increase (low quality evidence), there was no evidence of a difference between both regimens for overall second solid tumours. We are uncertain how many female patients will be infertile due to chemotherapy and we are very uncertain which arm might be favoured. This is a very small sample, and the age of the patients was not detailed. No analysis of male fertility was provided. Five trials reported adverse events. The review shows that the increased risk of side-effects is probably due to the increased number of patients with high blood counts. However, there is only low quality evidence. The quality of the evidence is moderate to high.
We searched scientific databases for clinical trials that compared the effects of different interventions on RTW in patients with cancer. Fifteen studies were included in this review. We included studies in which patients were randomly assigned to receive one of two or more interventions. Two studies involved psycho-educational interventions including patient education and self-care behaviours. We did not find any studies on vocational interventions. In one study breast cancer patients were offered a physical training programme. We found low quality evidence that there was no difference in the effect of psycho-education on quality of life. We also found that there were similar RTW rates in patients who received a psychoeducational intervention and care as usual. We could not find evidence that any of the interventions had a greater effect on the RTW of patients. In all studies a less radical or functioning conserving approach to treatment was compared with a more radical treatment. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. We judged six studies to be at a high risk of bias and nine to have a low risk. All studies were conducted in high-income countries. Most studies were aimed at patients with breast cancer.
We included four trials involving more than 13,000 women which were conducted in the UK and Ireland. Three trials were funded by hospitals where the trials took place. One trial was funded by the Scottish government. Overall, the studies were assessed as low risk of bias. No declarations of interest were made in two trials. The remaining two trials did not mention declarations. Results reported in the 2012 review remain unchanged. We found no new trials in this update. Evidence quality ranged from moderate to very low. The evidence is up to date as of September 2014. The findings of this review support recommendations that the admission CTG not be used for women who are low risk on admission in labour. This would include a cohort of women currently having admission CTGs and not included in current trials. Furthermore, the probability is that the use of the CTG increases the caesarean section rate by approximately 20%. The data lacked power to detect possible important differences in perinatal mortality. However, it is unlikely that any trial, or meta-analysis, will be adequately powered to detect such differences. Women should be informed that admissionCTG is likely associated with an increase in the incidence of caesarian section without evidence of benefit. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to moderate, with downgrading decisions based on imprecision, inconsistency and a lack of blinding for participants and personnel. The usefulness of the findings of the review for developing countries will depend on FHR monitoring practices.
We included 32 studies in this review. Seventeen studies randomised 3666 women, three randomised cycles (total 1018) and twelve randomised oocytes (15,230) in total. It was not possible to pool any of the data because each study compared different media. Only seven studies reported live birth or ongoing pregnancy. Four of these studies found no evidence of a difference between the media compared. Six studies reported clinical pregnancy rate. One study found that for cle-stage embryo transfer, Quinn's Advantage was associated with more clinical pregnancy rates than G5. This study was available only as an abstract and the evidence was of low quality. With regards to adverse effects, three studies reported multiple pregnancies, six studies reported miscarriage. None of them found any evidence of any difference in adverse effects between the two mediums used. Most studies (22/32) failed to report the source of funding. None described their methodology in enough detail. The overall quality of evidence was rated as very low. The main limitations were imprecision and poor reporting of study methods. We conclude that there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of any specific medium for embryo culture.
This review aimed to examine the effectiveness of methods of communicating a diagnosis of breast cancer to women. However, there were no randomised controlled trials which examined methods of communication between women and their doctors. The review authors have considered that it would be unethical to randomise women at such a vulnerable time such as waiting for a diagnosis. As some of the papers reviewed by the authors related to the first consultation visit, where treatment options are discussed, perhaps a review which focused on the methods used to communicate the diagnosis at the first visit would provide more reliable evidence.
We included 17 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 1006 participants. The evidence is current to September 2013. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, New South Wales, New Jersey, New York, New Hampshire, New England, New Mexico, New Scotland, Newcastle, Newy England, and the United Kingdom. The trials were of short duration (three months or less) and included a total of 113 participants. There was a significant reduction in reports of chest pain in the first three months following the intervention. This was maintained from three to nine months afterwards. The number of days without chest pain was also significantly increased up to three months after the intervention, but there was no evidence of effect of treatment on chest pain frequency. The quality of the evidence for other brief interventions was less clear. This Cochrane review suggests a modest to moderate benefit for psychological interventions, particularly those using a cognitive-behavioural framework, which was largely restricted to the first period of the study. However, these conclusions are limited by high heterogeneity in many of the results and low numbers of participants in individual studies. Further RCTs of psychological interventions for NSCP with follow-up periods of at least 12 months are needed. Hypnotherapy is also a possible alternative. In general, there was a low risk of bias in the other domains. In addition, three studies were thought to have a high risk of outcome bias. The wide variability in secondary outcome measures made it difficult to interpret findings from studies.
We identified 30 trials with a total of 4344 participants randomised, with 17 different antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers. Trials evaluated only short-term effects, with a range of treatment of one to eight weeks. There was some evidence to support the use of topical antihistamine and mast cells in the short term to reduce symptoms and signs of allergic conjunctivitis. However, there was no long-term data on their efficacy. There were no reported serious side effects related to the use. The quality of the studies and reporting of the trials was variable, but the overall the risk of bias was low.
This review aimed to assess the effectiveness of community-based programmes aimed at preventing tobacco use amongst Indigenous youth. Two studies met the inclusion criteria for the review and a third is ongoing. The two included studies were based in Native American populations (1505 participants). There was no difference in weekly smoking at 42 months follow-up in the one study assessing this outcome. No difference was found between the skills-only group and the control group at 42 weeks. For smokeless tobacco use, no difference was observed between the group of youth who received the intervention and those who did not. Whilst the second study found positive changes for tobacco use at post test, this was not maintained at six month. Both studies were rated as high or unclear risk of bias in seven or more domains. Based on these findings, a conclusion cannot be drawn as to the efficacy of tobacco prevention programs tailored for Indigenous youth in this population. There is a need for more research in this area. Smoking prevalence in Indigenous youth is twice that of the non-Indigenous population. As such, there is a significant health disparity.
The review included one trial involving 72 women with sickle cell anaemia (HbSS). The trial was at unclear risk of bias. Overall, there were few events for most outcomes and the results were imprecise. The trial reported no maternal deaths occurring in women who received either prophylactic or selective blood transfusion. There was no clear difference in the number of women who died, perinatal deaths or markers of severe maternal illness (pulmonary embolism (no events), congestive heart failure (very low-quality evidence), acute chest syndrome (poor blood flow to the lungs) and haemolytic crises (blood clotting problems) between the treatment groups. Low quality evidence from one small trial of very low quality suggests that giving blood transfusions to pregnant women with HbSS does not reduce the risk of pain crisis compared with giving blood from a vein. There were no clear clinical benefits in the occurrence of acute splenic sequestration (a blockage of the blood vessels that can lead to clotting of blood), bleeding crises (haemolysis) or delayed red blood cell reaction (reduced red blood cells in the blood) in the comparison groups. Other relevant maternal outcomes, which were pre-specified for this review, were not reported by the trial. Currently, there is no evidence from randomised or quasi-randomised trials to provide reliable advice on the best blood transfused policy for women with other variants of HbSC. The available data and quality of evidence on this subject are not sufficient to advocate for a change in clinical practice and policy.
We found 67 randomised clinical trials involving a total of 6197 participants. All the trials were at high risk of bias. A total of 5771 participants from 64 trials provided data for one or more outcomes in this review. There was no evidence of differences in most of the comparisons, and where there was, these differences were in single trials, mostly of small sample size. We summarise only the evidence that was available from more than one trial below. Of the main outcomes, the only one with evidence of a difference was in the number of adverse events (complications), which was higher with the radiofrequency dissecting sealer than with the clamp-crush method. We found that the proportion of people requiring a blood transfusion was higher in the fibrin sealant group than in the control. We also found that red blood cells (the amount of red cells in the blood) was lower with fibrins than with control; blood transfusions of fresh frozen plasma (the volume of fresh plasma) were higher with oxidised cellulose (a type of frozen plasma), and blood loss, total hospital stay, and time spent in the hospital were lower with low central venous pressure compared to with control. There is no evidence to suggest that using special equipment for liver resection is of any benefit in decreasing the risk of death, morbidity, or need for a transfusion. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for all of the outcomes. This means that we cannot be certain of the results. None of the trials reported health-related quality of life or the time needed to return to work.
Twenty-three trials involving 724 people were included. There is evidence supporting the use of systemic retinoids (improvement rate difference 44%, 95 CI 28 to 59%), oral PUVA (44%) and PUVA oral (44%). However, a combination of PUVA and retinoid is better than the individual treatments. The use of steroid under hydrocolloid occlusion is beneficial. It would appear that low dose ciclosporin, tetracycline antibiotics, and Grenz Ray Therapy may be useful in treating PPP. Colchicine has a lot of side effects and it is unclear if it is effective and neither was PUVA. There was no evidence to suggest that short-term hydroxycarbamide (hydroxyurea) is effective. Many different treatments have been reported to produce "improvement" in PPP, but there is, however, no standardised method for assessing response to treatment, and there is no evidence that reductions in pustule counts or other semi-quantitative scoring systems may be of much relevance to the patient.
We found nine trials that evaluated the blood pressure-lowering effect of five drugs (furosemide 40 mg to 60 mg, cicletanine 100 mg to 150 mg, piretanide 3 mg to 6 mg, indacrinone (2.5 mg to -10.0/+80 mg, and etozolin 200 mg) in 460 people with baseline blood pressure of 162/103 mmHg for a mean duration of 8.8 weeks. We found no new trials in 2012 and 2014. The best estimate of systolic/diastolic blood pressure lowering effect of these drugs was -7.9 (-10.4 to -5.4) mmhg/ -4.4 (-5.9 to -2.8) mm hg. Withdrawals due to adverse effects and changes in blood pressure did not show a significant difference. The dose-ranging effects of loop diuretics could not be evaluated. The review did not provide a good estimate of harms due to the short duration of the trials and the lack of reporting of side effects. We graded the quality of evidence as low, because of the high risk of bias of the included studies and the risk of publication bias.
We included 58 trials, of which 48 trials with 2849 participants randomised to intraperitoneal local anaesthetic instillation (1558 participants) and 1291 participants were included in one or more of the outcomes. All the trials except one trial with 30 participants were at high risk of bias. There was no mortality in either group in the eight trials that reported deaths. One participant experienced the outcome of serious illness (eight trials; 446 participants). None of the trials reported on participant quality of life, return to normal activity, or return to work. The length of hospital stay between the two groups was imprecise. The pain scores as measured by the visual analogue scale (VAS) were lower in the local anaesthetist group than the control group at four to eight hours and at nine to 24 hours. There were differences in the methods of local anaesthesia instillation and timing (before or after the removal of gallbladder) in the trials. There is very low quality evidence that it reduces the pain in low anaesthetic risk people undergoing elective laparoscopic cholecystectomy. However, this reduction in pain is unknown and likely to be small. Serious adverse events were rare in the studies that reported this outcome. The quality of the evidence was very low. Further randomised clinical trials of low risk of systematic and random errors are necessary. Such trials should include important clinical outcomes, such as the time taken for people undergoing the surgery to return to their normal activities, and the time it takes for people returning to work, in their assessment.
We identified 74 randomised controlled studies (RDTs) that assessed the sensitivity and specificity of all RDTs. We grouped them according to the antigens they detected. Types 1 to 3 included HRP-2, fromP. falciparum. Types 4 and 5 included pLDH, either by itself or in combination with other drugs. In comparisons with microscopy, we identified 71 evaluations of Type 1 tests, eight evaluations of type 2 tests, and five evaluations of types 3 and 4 tests. For both categories of test, there was substantial heterogeneity (difference in study results) between studies. If the point estimates for Type 1 and Type 4 tests are applied to a group of 1000 patients where 30% of those presenting with symptoms have malaria, we will miss 16 cases. The number of people wrongly diagnosed with malaria would be 34 with type 1 tests and nine with type 4 tests, respectively. For types 4, 5, and 6 tests, we found 17 evaluations of rDTs, three of which were of type 4 and three of type 5 tests. We found that the type 1 test (such as the Type 1 test) tended to be more sensitive and were more specific than the type 2 test. The type 3 test was more sensitive but was less specific. For the type 4 test, it was less sensitive and was not as specific. The types 1 and 2 tests were more sensitive, but they were less specific, and the number of false positives was small. The quality of the studies could only be assessed in 40% of studies, but results did not seem to be influenced by the reporting quality.
We found five studies that compared short-term changes in the length of primary care doctor's consultation with each patient. All were conducted in the UK, and all were conducted with a small number of participants. We are uncertain whether altering the appointment length increases the time primary care doctors spend with patients, the number of referrals and investigations, or patient satisfaction. None of the studies reported on the effects on the amount of time patients spent in the doctor's office. We did not find sufficient evidence to support or refute a policy of changing the lengths of consultations with primary care physicians. It is possible that these findings may change if more high-quality trials are reported. Further trials are needed that look at health outcomes and cost-effectiveness. Overall, our confidence in the results was very low. Most studies had a high risk of bias. This means that the results may not be reliable.
This review identified only three small trials that evaluated the effects of high dose versus low dose stavudine. All three trials were conducted in developed countries. A total of 157 participants were recruited to the trials. Sample sizes ranged from 24 to 92 and more than 79% of participants were male. There was no significant difference in virologic suppression between the two groups. Some baseline characteristics differed among the groups, including triglyceride levels and body mass index (BMD) in two studies. Symptomatic hyperlactatemia was seen in the high dose arm of one study. In the other two studies, no participants discontinued treatment due to adverse events. The studies did not show a clear advantage in the efficacy or safety of low dose versus high dose of the drug. The trials were too small to be of benefit to patients with HIV/AIDS. Furthermore, enrolled participants were ART experienced and so existing data cannot be generalized to countries where high doses are not currently used.
We included 10 trials with a total of 1658 participants in this review. Six of the trials included recruitment manoeuvres as part of an open lung ventilation strategy. The other five trials included co-interventions such as higher PEEP (higher positive end-expiratory pressure (PEEP) titration) and lower tidal volume or plateau pressure (lower tidal pressure). We found five trials to be at low risk of bias. We found no evidence that a recruitment manoeuvre reduced the risk of death in the intensive care unit (ICU) or in the hospital (28-day and hospital mortality). Data from four trials (1313 participants) showed no difference in the number of deaths at 28-day or in hospital. Data from seven trials (1508 participants) revealed no differences in risk of barotrauma. We downgraded the quality of the evidence to low, as most of the included trials provided co-procedural interventions (e.g. higher and lower PEEP, different modes of ventilation, and higher plateau pressure), and this might have influenced results of the outcome. We identified significant clinical heterogeneity in the 10 included trials.
We found 15 studies, involving 687 participants, that assessed the effects of relaxation therapy in adults with asthma. Three studies measured our primary outcome but individually did not show significant differences between treatment and control. The use of 'as needed' medications was reduced in two studies, (47 patients), by relaxation therapy. There was no significant difference in FEV1 (a measure of lung function) in four studies of 150 patients. Quality of life, measured by the Asthma Quality of Life Questionnaire (a self-assessed test), showed a positive effect for CBT. Peak Expiratory Flow (FEV1) was also improved in favour of bio-feedback therapy. However, there was no statistically significant improvement in depression following relaxation therapy, and the findings between studies were conflicting. This may be due to the different types of interventions used and the deficiencies in trial design. This review was unable to draw firm conclusions for the role of psychological treatments in the treatment of asthma due to lack of evidence. Larger, well-conducted and well-reported randomised trials are required in this area.
This review aimed to compare the efficacy and tolerability of antidepressants and benzodiazepines in panic disorder. The review included 35 studies, including 6785 participants overall. The majority of studies enrolled a small number of participants and did not provide data for all the outcomes specified in the study protocol. For these reasons most of the analyses were underpowered and this limits the overall completeness of evidence. We found low-quality evidence suggesting no difference between antidepressants (antidepressant and benzoidiazepine) in terms of response rate. We also found some evidence suggesting that serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) are better tolerated than tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs) (when looking at the number of patients experiencing adverse effects). We failed to find clinically significant differences between individual benzodiazines. The overall quality of the evidence was very low. This means that we are very uncertain about the results of the present review. The evidence is up to date as of April 2014.
Twenty-nine trials, that enrolled over 1,700 participants with pancreatic carcinoma, were included. Three studies compared plastic stents to surgery. Endoscopic stenting with plastic stent was associated with a reduced risk of complications, but with a higher risk of recurrent biliary obstruction prior to death. There was a trend towards lower risk of 30-day mortality with plastic Stents. One published study compared metal stents with surgery and found lower costs and better quality of life when compared with surgery. The addition of an anti-reflux valve made Teflon stents more acceptable to patients. Nine studies compared metal to plastic Stent. Metal stents were associated with less risk of biliary blockage than plastic stenting. There were no significant differences in risk of technical failure, therapeutic failure, complications or death within 30 days of stent placement. There is no evidence to support the use of a stent made of polyethylene or plastic for the treatment of jaundice due to pancreatic cancer. In patients with short predicted survival, their patency benefits may not be realised. Further RCTs are needed to determine the optimal stent type for these patients.
We included five randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with 444 arterial cannulations. Four trials compared ultrasound guidance with palpation, and one compared ultrasound with Doppler auditory assistance. Risk of bias varied across studies. It was not possible to blind practitioners in all of the included studies; this adds a bias that is inherent to the type of intervention studied in our review. We found moderate-quality evidence from four trials that ultrasound guidance improves first and second attempt success rates and decreases the rate of complications in children with radial artery blockage. We also found evidence that the success rate at the first attempt may be more pronounced in infants and small children, in whom arterial line cannulation is more challenging. We did not find any evidence that ultrasound guided catheters were more successful than Dopplelear nerve stimulators. We rated the quality of the evidence for all outcomes as moderate. This was due to imprecision due to wide confidence intervals, small sample sizes and limited numbers of events.
We found one small randomised controlled trial (RCT) (80 male student participants conducted in the Netherlands and published in 2009) and three ITS studies (three ITS studies conducted in general population studies in the 1970s and 80s) that evaluated the effects of alcohol advertising bans. The RCT found that young men exposed to movies with a low-alcohol content drank less than men in the control group. The results from the three ITS study were inconsistent. One of the ITS studies found that people who were given a total ban on alcohol advertising consumed less than people given a partial ban on spirits advertising. In the study evaluating the lifting of a ban, the volume of all forms of alcohol sales decreased by 11.11 kilolitres (95% CI -27.56, 5.34; p value = 0.19). This finding is consistent with an increase, no difference, or a decrease in alcohol consumption. In this model, beer and wine sales increased per month by 14.89 and 1.15 kililitres, respectively. The other two ITS studies showed that people consuming alcohol increased by 1.10% in the general population after the total ban was lifted. No adverse effects were reported. None of the studies were funded by the alcohol or advertising industries. There is a lack of good-quality evidence for or against introducing alcohol advertising restrictions. There should be a high-quality, well-monitored research programme that assesses the effects over time of all relevant outcomes in order to build the evidence base. No other prespecified outcomes (economic loss or hardship) were addressed in any of the included studies. We rated the quality of the evidence as very low due to a serious risk of bias due to the lack of randomisation and imprecision in the results.
The review of trials found no evidence of difference between MCT and LCT in the short-term growth, gastrointestinal intolerance, or death due to necrotizing enterocolitis. There were conflicting data (two studies) as to whether formula tolerance was improved. There was no evidence that high MCT formula was better than low MCT. There is no evidence to support the use of LCT formula for the treatment of short term growth and development problems.
We included one small trial (with data from 34 women) comparing transcervical amnioinfusion with no amniotic fluid. The trial was at a high risk of bias overall, due to small numbers, inconsistency in the reporting of data and lack of information on blinding. We did not find any trials that used amniosurgery to treat chorioamnionitis. We found one small study that reported on a limited number of outcomes of interest in this review. The number of women in the study was too small to allow meaningful assessment of substantive outcomes. The study did not report on this review's other main outcome (perinatal death or severe morbidity). There was no clear effect on the incidence of neonatal infection. The rate of caesarean section was the same in both groups. There was a clear difference in the duration of antibiotic treatment (16 hours) between the groups. The evidence is up to date as of April 2016. The quality of the evidence was low for all outcomes. We downgraded the quality because of small numbers of women, inconsistency of the reporting and because the trial did not use blinding.
This review aimed to assess the accuracy of the Mini-Cog as a cognitive screening test in community settings. Three studies met the inclusion criteria, with a total of 1620 participants. The studies were of low methodological quality, and there were limitations in the way they were conducted. There was no pooled meta-analysis of the results. There are currently few studies assessing the diagnostic test accuracy of this test. The limited number of studies and the methodological limitations that are present in the current studies make it difficult to make recommendations for or against the use of the mini-cog for the screening of adults with cognitive impairment. Additional well-designed studies are required in order to determine the accuracy, utility and safety of this short-term test.
We included 19 studies that investigated three types of amphetamines: dexamphetamine (10.2 mg/d to 21.8 mg per day), lisdexamfetamine (70 mg/day to 30 mg/dL), and mixed amphetamine salts (12.5 mg/daily to 80 mg/D). Most studies had short-term follow-up and a mean study length of 5.3 weeks. We found no studies that had low risk of bias in all three domains of the Cochrane 'Risk of bias’ tool. Overall, we found low- to very low-quality evidence that amphetamine treatment was efficacious in reducing the severity of ADHD symptoms, as rated by clinicians and patients. In contrast, we also found no evidence to suggest that dexamphetamine or MAS (a type of drug-release formulation) were better than placebo (a pretend medication). We found that people who took amphetamine were more likely to have side effects than people taking placebo, but we found no difference between the two groups of people. We did not find any evidence to support the use of dexamphetamine for ADHD symptoms. The quality of the evidence was very low, mainly due to the small number of studies that we found, and because we could not rule out the possibility of a carry-over effect in studies that used a cross-over design. Sixteen of the 19 studies were funded by the pharmaceutical industry. One study was publicly funded. Two studies did not report their funding sources.
We included 10 studies with 811 participants in this review update. The studies were diverse with regard to study quality, the chronic painful conditions studied, the dose of vitamin D given, co-interventions, and outcome measures reported. There was no consistent pattern that vitamin D treatment was better than placebo in any chronic painful condition. Adverse events and withdrawals from the studies were relatively infrequent, with no consistent difference between the vitamin D and placebo groups. Based on this evidence, we are unable to draw any firm conclusions about whether vitamin D has a beneficial effect in chronic pain. More research is needed to answer this question.
Forty-one studies were included involving more than 200 practices and 48,000 patients. In all studies the intervention strategy was multifaceted. In 12 studies the interventions were targeted at health professionals, in nine studies they targeted at the organisation of care, and in 20 studies both. In 15 studies patient education was added to the professional and organisational interventions. Multifaceted interventions improved process outcomes. The effect on patient outcomes was less clear as these were rarely assessed. The quality of the studies was often poor. The addition of patient-oriented interventions can lead to improved patient health outcomes. Nurses can play an important role, through patient education or by facilitating adherence to treatment. Organisational interventions that improve regular prompted recall and review of patients (central computerised tracking systems or nurses who regularly contact the patient) can also improve diabetes management.
We found five randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly assigned to one of two or more treatment groups) that compared the following birth control methods: combined oral contraceptive (COC) versus transdermal contraceptive patch, vaginal contraceptive ring, or levonorgestrel intrauterine system 20 µg/day (LNG-IUS 20); LNG-iUS 12 and 16 versus LNG.20 µg or LNG 16; and LNG 20 versus the copper-tipped T380A (IUD). The studies included a total of 1503 women. The trials compared two different methods. The studies did not show any difference between the two groups for contraceptive efficacy or continuation. The sample sizes were small for two of those studies. The COC group had a higher proportion of women who stopped using the method for 'other personal reasons', but this may have little clinic relevance. In the trial comparing two different types, the study arms did not differ significantly for effectiveness or continuation of the method. The only significant outcome was that the COC had more women who discontinued for other reasons compared with the group assigned to the LNG, which may have had little relevance to the clinic. In another study, continuation of use of LNG was at least as high as that for the Coc. In three trials that examined a different type of birth control method, women continued to use the method at least 75% at 6 to 36 months. In one trial comparing LNG 12 versus Lng 16, there was no difference in efficacy over one and three years. We considered the quality of evidence to be moderate to low. Limitations were due to trial design or limited reporting. The current evidence was not sufficient to compare efficacy and continuation rates for hormonal and intrauterinescent methods in women aged 25 years and younger.
This review found that immunotherapy for house mite allergy, animal dander allergy, Cladosporium mould allergy, two latex and six trials looking at multiple allergens reduced the use of asthma medications and the occurrence of bronchial hyper-reactivity. There was no consistent effect on lung function. If 16 patients were treated with immunotherapy, one would be expected to develop a local adverse reaction.
This review found six trials involving 1297 patients. Five trials had a low risk of bias. One trial had an unclear risk of systematic error. Mortality at day 28 was significantly reduced by lung-protective ventilation with a relative risk (RR) of 0.74 (95% CI 0.61 to 0.88). Hospital mortality was reduced by 0.80 (95%) and overall mortality was not significantly different in the control group. There was insufficient evidence for long-term outcomes. There were differences between the trials, for example, different lengths of follow-up and higher plateau pressure in control arms in two trials.
We included 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 1833 participants. We found that the intravenous technique of giving isoflurane is comparable with the inhalation technique of using sevoflureane to provide early exit from anaesthesia. Adverse events with both techniques are also comparable. However, we found evidence of low quality from a small number of studies. These results should be interpreted with caution.
This review identified four trials including 15,936 hypertensive patients. Average age was 75.4 years. Mean blood pressure at entry across the studies was 171/86 mmHg. There is no convincing evidence from the trials that blood pressure lowering in late-life prevents dementia or cognitive impairment in high blood pressure patients with no history of cerebrovascular disease. The combined results from the three trials reporting change in Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE) did not indicate a benefit from treatment. Both systolic and diastolic blood pressure levels were reduced significantly in the studies assessing this outcome. Quality of life data could not be analysed in the four studies. The included studies in this review were of variable quality. There were significant problems identified with analysing the data, due to the number of patients lost to follow-up and the fact that most of the control patients received antihypertensive drugs because their blood pressures were above pre-set values. This introduced bias. More robust results may be obtained by combining the results of individual patient data.
We identified 12 randomised controlled trials enrolling 3474 patients. The evidence for the effectiveness of PTCRA in in-stent re-stenosis is unclear. PTCRA/PTCA did not result in an increase in the risk of major adverse cardiac events (e.g. myocardial infarction (MI), emergency cardiac surgery or death) during the in-hospital period. In complex lesions, there were no differences in re-steenosis rates at six months (RR 1.05; 95% CI 0.83 to 1.33) and at one year (RR 2.21, 95%CI 0.95 to 1). In patients with complex lesions that do not require re-stenting, there was no evidence of an effect on patient outcomes. There was limited published evidence and no long-term data to support the routine use of a balloon PTCA in in the routine treatment of complex lesions. In certain circumstances, such as patients unable for heart surgery, those with architecturally complex lesions or those with lesions that fail the initial procedure, or those who fail to complete the procedure, a balloon or PTCAs may be beneficial.
This review identified three studies that included a total of 333 children under the age of 24 months of age. Two of these studies were multicentre studies, comprising only participants who had bronchiolitis. The other study was from Italy. All three studies used 2.5 mL of 1 mg/mL of nebulised rhDNase compared with placebo, either as a daily or twice daily dose. Adjunctive therapy included nebulisation of salbutamol, steroids, supplemental oxygen, nasal washing, nasal decongestants and antibiotics. The results of the three included studies did not support the use of a nebuliser in children under 24 months who had acute lung infection. In these patients, treatment did not shorten the length of hospital stay or improve clinical outcomes. In one study, four out of 11 patients had atelectasis, which is inflammation of the airways caused by the presence of a virus in the bronchus. There was no difference in adverse events between the two groups. These included temporary desaturation, temporary coughing, increased coughing, facial rash, hoarseness, dyspnoea (shortness of breath) and bad taste.
We found two studies with a total of 181 participants. One study had a small sample size and did not adequately report method of randomisation, allocation concealment, pre-selected outcomes or pre-defined outcomes. The second study was a larger study, with few sources of bias and good methodology. We found no significant difference in the number of deaths between groups. Only one study reported aneurysm exclusion. In this study, there was only one failure of exclusion in the surgical group. There was no difference in major complication rate between the two groups. There were no wound infections in either group. The percutaneous approach was faster than the cut-down femoral artery approach in terms of length of stay in intensive care unit (ITU) and length of hospital stay. The quality of the evidence was moderate due to the small number of studies, low number of events, and imprecision (differences between studies). The search identified one ongoing study, which may provide more evidence in the future.
The review of trials found that the sponge was less effective than the diaphragm in preventing pregnancy. In the larger trial, the 12-month cumulative life-table termination rate was 17.4 for the sponge and 12.8 for the diapragm. The rates in the UK trial were 10.9 and 24.5, respectively. Allergic-type reactions were more common with the sponge, although discontinuation for discomfort differed in the two trials. No new trials have been identified since the initial review. Other trials will be needed to resolve the potential role of spermicides in preventing sexually transmitted infections or in causing adverse effects.
Sixteen studies were identified for possible inclusion in the review. Six of which were included. Three studies investigated prevention and three studies investigated the amelioration of cognitive deficits. There was no strong evidence to support the use of any non-pharmacological interventions (medical or cognitive/behavioural) in the prevention or treatment of cognitive problems. There were a number of limitations across studies, but few without high risks of bias. There is some evidence that memantine (a drug) may help prevent cognitive deficits in adults with brain metastases who have had brain tumours treated with cranial irradiation. However, the quality of the evidence is low. Further research that tries to minimise the withdrawal of consent, and subsequently reduce the need for imputation procedures, may offer a higher quality of evidence. Non-randomised studies appear promising, but are as yet to be conclusive via translation into high quality evidence. More research is required.
We found two studies that investigated the effects of low-level laser treatment compared to placebo laser therapy on nerve injury to the lip and chin. The age range of participants was from 17 to 55 years. Both studies were at high risk of bias, which means that their results may not be reliable. The results of the two studies were imprecise. There was some evidence that there was some improvement in the subjective assessment of nerve damage in the upper lip and the chin, but the results of this study were not conclusive. Patients reported only partial loss of sensation. No studies reported on the effects on pain, difficulty eating or speaking or taste. There were no reports of side effects. The quality of the evidence was very low, as there were problems with the conduct and reporting of the studies, there was a lack of precision of the results, and there was imprecision in the results. There is clearly a need for more randomised controlled trials to investigate the effectiveness of surgical, medical and psychological interventions for iatrogenic nerve damage. Primary outcomes of this research should be patient-focused morbidity measures (such as altered sensation and pain, pain, sensory testing and delayed treatment), patient-specific pain, quality of life and side effects of delayed treatment.
We found two randomised controlled trials (281 pregnancies and 282 fetuses) that met our inclusion criteria. However, the two trials had significant clinical and methodological differences such that a meta-analysis of the data was considered inappropriate. One trial (161 pregnancies) was based on women with a history of diabetes. It showed no difference in the rate of miscarriage between the combined oestrogen and progestogen group and the no treatment group. The study did not report on this review's other main outcomes (perinatal death or rates of preterm birth), nor on any of our proposed secondary outcomes. There was no difference between groups for the outcome of cancer in the reproductive system. Similarly, there were no differences between the groups for other secondary outcomes reported. There is an insufficient evidence to assess the use of progestin and oestrogens to prevent miscarriages. We strongly recommend further research in this area.
The review of trials found that both TCAs and SSRIs are effective for depression treated in primary care. Nearly all studies were of short duration, typically 6-8 weeks. The numbers needed to treat (NNT) for TCAs ranged from 7 to 16 (median NNT 9) and from 48% to 42% respectively. The number needed to harm (NNH for withdrawal due to side effects) ranged from 4 to 30 (excluding three studies with no harms events leading to withdrawal) and 20 to 90 (mean NNT 20) for SSSIs.
We found nine studies that compared ibuprofen with placebo or other active comparators, but none of these studies combined ibupronfen with a self-administered antiemetic. The studies included 4373 participants, 5223 of whom had migraine headache attacks lasting at least two hours. Ibuproen is an effective treatment for acute migraine headaches, providing pain relief in about half of sufferers, but complete relief from pain and associated symptoms for only a minority. NNTs for all efficacy outcomes were better with 400 mg than 200 mg in comparisons with placebo, and soluble formulations provided more rapid relief. Adverse events were mostly mild and transient, occurring at the same rate as with placebo. The higher dose was significantly better than the lower dose for 2-hour headache relief. Soluble formulations of 200 mg were better than standard tablets for 1-hour, but not for 2 hours. Similar numbers of participants experienced adverse events, which were most often mild or transient, with ibuproxen and placebo. We found no new studies since the last version of this review.
We included 43 randomized controlled trials with a total of 3497 participants with dry eye. The trials compared different types of OTC artificial tears with each other or with a placebo. The evidence is current to August 2016. The review found that, in general, there was uncertainty whether different OTC synthetic tears provide similar relief of signs and symptoms when compared with one another or with placebo. Nevertheless, we found that 0.2% polyacrylic acid-based artificial tears were consistently more effective at treating dry eye symptoms than 1.4% polyvinyl alcohol-based synthetic tears in two trials assessing this comparison (175 participants). All other included artificial tears produced contradictory between-group results or found no difference in effectiveness between the two groups. Our review also found that OTCificial tears may be generally safe, but not without adverse events. Overall, we assessed the quality of evidence as low due to high risks of bias among included trials and poor reporting of outcome measures which were insufficient for quantitative analysis. Furthermore, we identified an additional 18 potentially eligible trials that were reported only in clinical trial registers with no associated results or publications. These trials reportedly enrolled 2079 total participants for whom no data are available. Such lack of reporting of trial results represents a high risk of publication bias.
We found one randomised trial that compared second-line regimens with boosted protease inhibitors (PIs) or nucleoside backbone combinations after first-line treatment failed. This trial included 136 patients. There was no difference in virological outcomes in the group who maintained lamivudine and those who did not in their subsequent regimens. There were two other small observational studies that did not show a difference in the proportion of those with viral suppression after six months and time to HIV-1 RNA suppression among those on a boosted PIs or emtricitabine (FTC) regimen. There is limited evidence to evaluate second line regimens for people with HIV who fail their first antiretroviral regimen. One randomised study in 136 patients and two other observational studies (both of low quality) suggest that there is little or no difference between the two groups of patients in the number of patients with HIV whose viral suppression was maintained in the first six months after treatment. There are no studies comparing boosted PI drugs directly in people starting second line treatment. Observational studies of populations starting ART in resource-limited settings suggest that short-term response on boosted PI-based regimens is encouraging. Current recommendations are based on available resources and patient- and public-health-level considerations.
We included 133 studies involving 844,206 participants. We evaluated a total of seven different prespecified index tests in the 133 studies, as well as 69 non-prespecified, and 32 combinations of tests. We found six studies for the Mallampati test, 105 for the modified Mallampatis test, 52 for the Wilson risk score, 18 for sternomental distance, 34 for the mouth opening test, and 30 for the upper lip bite test. All studies were conducted in adults with no apparent anatomical airway abnormalities. We assessed the quality of the evidence from these studies as low to moderate. For difficult face mask ventilation, we found seven studies that used the reference standard in seven studies, difficult laryngoscopy in 92 studies, and difficult tracheal intubation in 50 studies. We judged the risk of bias to be variable for each of the different domains; we mostly observed low-risk of bias for patient selection, flow and timing, and unclear risk-bias for reference standard and index test. Applicability concerns were generally low for all domains. The tests were generally of high sensitivity. For the tests we examined, the tests showed the most favourable diagnostic test accuracy properties. We could only estimate summary sensitivity (0.17, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.06 to 0.39) and specificity (1.87 (CI 0.82 to 0). For difficult tracation, we could only calculate summary sensitivity and specificity of 0.24 (95% CI 0.12 to 0) for the thyromental distance and 0.51 (CI 1.51 to 0.51) of the modified mallampatis for the other tests. However, for difficult face masks, we were unable to calculate summary and specificity for the different tests. The upper lip bites test provided the highest sensitivity for diagnosing difficult larynxoscopy compared to the other three tests, and the modified test had the highest specificity
This review found that probiotics reduce the duration of diarrhoea and the frequency of stool stool in children and young children. The trials were undertaken in a wide range of different settings. Probiotics appear to be safe and to be effective in reducing the duration, but the size of the effect varied between studies. However, more research is needed to guide the use of particular probiotics in specific patient groups.
We found only one study that compared nidotherapy-enhanced standard care with standard care alone. This study included 52 participants. The duration of the included study was 18 months in total. The single study examined the short-term (up to six months) and medium term (between six and 12 months) effects of the new form of standard care. The results of the single study showed that people receiving the new standard care were less likely to leave the study early in the short term and were more likely to engage in non-inpatient services. However, these results did not reach statistical significance. In the medium term, there was no difference between the groups in terms of the adverse effects/events of death (measured by 12 months). Skewed results were available for mental state, service use, and economic outcomes, and there was a mixed picture of the benefits and harms of this form of care. Further research is needed. Until such research is available, patients, clinicians, managers, and policymakers should consider it an experimental approach.
We included eight studies with a total of 3283 participants. Five studies had a classic design in which participants were randomised to pregabalin (150, 300, 450, or 600 mg daily) or placebo, with assessment after 8 to 13 weeks of stable treatment. Two studies (1492 participants) had an EERW design, in which those with good pain relief at the start of the study were randomly assigned to continuing the effective dose (300 to 600 mg or 450 mg daily), or a short down-titration to placebo for 13 or 26 weeks. No studies included any active comparators. Pregabalin increased the number of participants experiencing substantial pain relief after 12 or 13 weeks' stable treatment (high quality evidence). Substantial pain relief was experienced by about 14% of people with fibromyalgia, but about 9% more people (22% to 24%) experienced substantial pain reduction with pregabs compared to placebo (high-quality evidence). Moderate benefit (at least 30% pain intensity reduction) was reported by about 28% of participants with fibroids, but by about 11% more (high high quality evidence) people (39% to 43%) experiencing moderate pain relief. A small study (177 people) compared once-daily or twice-daily treatment with a placebo, and found no difference in effect. The majority (70% to 90%) of people in all the treatment groups experienced side effects. Side effects included dizziness, somnolence, weight gain, and oedema. Serious side effects did not differ between the active and placebo groups. Withdrawals due to side effects were about 10% more common with the active treatment group than with the placebo group. The quality of the evidence was high for pain relief, moderate for side effects, and very low for other outcomes. The degree of pain relief is known to be accompanied by improvements in quality of life, and function. About 10% of the initial population
We included one randomised controlled trial involving 135 women with mild pre-eclampsia at term. An additional six studies are awaiting further assessment. The trial did not report any of this review's primary outcomes. There was no significant difference in Apgar score less than seven at five minutes, nor in gestational age at birth, between the groups. There were more maternal side effects (feeling warm and flushed) in the group given magnesium sulphate than in the placebo group. However, there was no difference in adverse effects severe enough to stop treatment. The rate of postpartum haemorrhage and caesarean section were similar in both groups. The study did not show any significant differences seen between groups in the rates of post-birth bleeding or caesarian section. There is currently no evidence to assess the efficacy and safety of magnesium sulphates in women for the protection of the baby's brain.
This review aimed to evaluate the effectiveness of smoking cessation interventions for Indigenous populations. Four studies met the inclusion criteria for the review. Two studies used combination therapies consisting of a pharmacotherapy combined with cognitive and behavioural therapies, whilst the remaining two used cognitive and behaviour therapy through counselling, one via text message support and the other delivered by doctors trained in smoking cessation techniques. This review highlights the paucity of evidence available, despite the known success of these interventions in non-Indigenous populations. A significant health disparity exists, whereby Indigenous populations, a minority, are over-represented in the burden of smoking-related illness and death. Due to this lack of published investigations, the external validity of this review is limited.
We included 13 studies (5686 patients) in this review. All studies reported some type of hospital mortality (28-day, 30-day or 60-day deaths). We considered studies of high-risk surgery patients (eight studies) and general intensive care patients (five studies) separately as subgroups for the meta-analysis. The pooled risk ratio (RR) for mortality was 1.02 (95% CI 0.96 to 1.09). Of the eight studies of patients at high risk of death, there was no difference in mortality when these studies were examined separately. We found that PAC did not affect general ICU LOS or hospital LOS, or cost. Four studies, conducted in the United States (US), reported costs based on hospital charges, which were higher in the PAC groups. Two of these studies did not show a significant hospital cost difference. Our review concluded that use of a PAC monitoring device did not alter the mortality, the length of stay in the ICU or hospital, or the cost for adult patients in intensive care. The quality of evidence was high for deaths and LOS but low for cost analysis. We rated 75% of the studies as low risk for selection, attrition and reporting bias.
The review of trials found that venepuncture, when performed by a skilled phlebotomist, is the method of choice for blood sampling in term neonates. The use of a sweet tasting solution prior to the procedure reduces the pain experienced by the babies. Further well designed trials should be conducted in settings where several individuals perform the procedures.
We found two small studies of poor methodological quality, which included 52 women with a dehisced and/or infected perineal wound at the point of entry. There was no clear evidence to support the use of secondary suturing for women with broken down wounds following childbirth. There is an urgent need for a large, well-conducted randomised controlled trial to evaluate the comparative effects of both treatment options. Only one small study reported on wound healing at less than four weeks, (the primary outcome measure for this review). There was a trend to favour this outcome in the resuturing group. However, this difference was not statistically significant. Similarly, there was no difference between the two groups in terms of rates of dyspareunia at two months and six months. This trial also included data on the numbers of women who resumed sexual intercourse by two months. Significantly more women in the second sutured group had resumed intercourse two months after the end of treatment, but by six months there were no differences between the groups. Neither of the trials included data in relation to pain at any time interval, the woman's satisfaction with the aesthetic results of the wound; exclusive breastfeeding; anxiety or depression. Based on this review, there is currently not enough evidence to either support or refute the routine use of second-line sutures for the management of broken down perineum wounds following birth.
We included 18 studies involving 2521 participants. The methodological quality of 17 included studies was poor. Included RCTs separately compared medicinal herbs with different antiviral drugs, precluding any pooling of results. Most Chinese medicinal herbs in the studies showed similar effects to antiviral drug in preventing or treating flu. Few were shown to be superior to antivirals. Ten studies reported mild side effects. No obvious side effects were reported in the included studies. However, current evidence remains weak. More high-quality randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with larger numbers of participants and clear reporting are needed.
We included 8 studies with a total of 580 participants in this review. These studies compared the use of thrombolytic agents, fibrin sheath disruption and over-the-wire catheter exchange with and without angioplasty (removal of the sheath) sheath to restore catheter patency. The evidence is current to September 2014. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, Sweden, Switzerland, United Kingdom and the United Kingdom. Most studies had a high risk of bias due to poor study design, broad inclusion criteria, low patient numbers and industry involvement. Most of the studies included in this systematic review were judged to have a high-risk of bias and were potentially influenced by the pharmaceutical industry. There is insufficient evidence to suggest any specific intervention is superior in terms of ensuring either dialysis adequacy or reduced risk of adverse events. The current review is limited by the small number of available studies with limited numbers of patients enrolled. The certainty of this evidence is reduced due to the fact that it is based on only a single study with wide confidence limits and imprecision in the estimates of side effects. Further research is required to adequately address the question of the most efficacious and clinically appropriate technique for HD catheter dysfunction.
We found 17 trials reporting on 22 treatment comparisons (2674 patients randomised). Fifteen trials (20 treatment comparisons) reported results for tumour response and 11 trials (14 treatment treatments) published time-to-event data. There were 1532 deaths in 2116 women who were randomised to trials of the addition of drugs to the regimen and control (the regimen alone). There was no difference in overall survival between these patients, with an overall HR of 0.96 (95% CI 0.81 to 1.07, P = 0.47) and no significant difference in time to progression. Addition of a drug to the treatment regimen was favourably associated with an increase in overall tumour growth, although we observed significant heterogeneity for this outcome across the trials. The addition of one or more drugs to a regimen shows a statistically significant advantage in tumour shrinkage in women with metastatic breast cancer, but the results suggest that there is no clear difference in survival time or the time to the progression of the cancer. The positive effect on tumour size was also linked to increased toxicity. Where measured, acute side effects such as hair loss, nausea and vomiting, and leucopenia were more common in women treated with a drug.
The review of trials found that the length of stay in the intensive care unit (NLU) was shorter than in the ICU and that patients discharged from a NLU were more likely to be readmitted to hospital. However, it is unclear if this is simply a product of the shorter length of inpatient stay. There was no difference in the number of deaths or deaths to the longest follow up. The cost of care was higher in the NLU in the UK but lower in the US.
We included 11 studies including 414 participants in the review. Two studies compared therapeutic ultrasound with placebo, two compared one ultrasound regimen with another, and six compared ultrasound as part of a multi-component intervention with another non-surgical intervention. The risk of bias was low in some studies, and unclear or high in other studies. Only two studies reported on short-term symptom improvement. One low quality trial with 68 participants found that people with CTS who received therapeutic ultrasound may be more likely to improve their symptoms at the end of seven weeks treatment than people who received placebo. However, there were losses to follow-up and failure to adjust for the correlation between the severity of symptoms between the two wrists in participants with bilateral CTS. This suggests that this data should be interpreted with caution. Another low quality study, with 60 participants, found that at three months post-treatment, people who had therapeutic ultrasound plus splint were more satisfied with their treatment than those who had splint alone, but this result was not statistically significant. No studies reported any side effects of therapeutic ultrasound. More studies are needed before any firm conclusions can be made.
We included eight studies involving approximately 10,000 participants in this review. The active interventions were pravastatin, atorvastatin (patients with a history of previous stroke or TIA), clofibrate (a drug that blocks blood flow to the heart), and conjugate (an oestrogen drug). We found that statin therapy alone had a marginal benefit in reducing subsequent cerebrovascular events. There was no evidence that such intervention reduced the risk of stroke recurrence. Three statin trials showed a reduction in later serious vascular events. We found no evidence of benefit from statins in patients with previous haemorrhagic stroke. In view of this and the evidence of the benefit of statin treatment in patients who have had a previous history of heart disease, statins should be given to patients with ischaemic stroke and TIA.
The aim of the review was to assess the effectiveness of mass media campaigns in changing smoking behaviour in adults. Eleven studies were included. Studies differed in their design, settings, duration, content and intensity, length of follow-up, methods of evaluation and also in the definitions and measures of smoking behaviour used. Among seven campaigns reporting smoking, significant decreases were observed in the California and Massachusetts, and in the rest of the USA. Three large-scale campaigns of the seven presenting results for tobacco consumption found significant decreases. Among the eight studies presented abstinence or quit rates, four showed some positive effect, although in one of them the effect was measured for quitting and cutting down combined. In the three that did not show significant decreases, one demonstrated a significant effect on smokers and ex-smokers. Six of nine studies carried out in communities or regions showed at least some positive effects on smoking behaviour. One state-wide (Massachusetts) showed positive results up to eight years after the campaign. Another (California) showed results during the period of funding and implementation and in final evaluation since the start of the programme. There was no consistent relationship between the effects of the campaigns and age, education, ethnicities or gender.
We included 24 studies with a total of 2166 participants, 23 of which provided data for analysis. Seventeen studies compared yoga with no therapy. Yoga improved health-related quality of life, reduced fatigue and sleep disturbances in the short term. Yoga did not appear to reduce depression (seven studies, 496 people), anxiety (six studies, 657 people) or fatigue (three studies, 146 people). Yoga had no short-term effects on fatigue or sleep disturbances. Four studies that compared yoga versus psychosocial/educational treatments provided moderate-quality evidence that yoga can reduce depression, anxiety and fatigue (four studies, 226 people) and fatigue and reduce fatigue (two studies, 106 people). No study reported on safety-related data. Three studies that looked at yoga versus exercise compared with exercise showed very low-quality results. Yoga might be as effective as other exercise programmes, but it might not be used as an alternative to other exercise. No serious adverse events were reported. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to moderate. This means that further research is very likely to have an impact on our confidence in the results.
We found one study that compared early post-operative brain imaging (within 48 hours of surgery) with no early brain imaging. This study included 125 people with glioblastoma. Most of the people in the study underwent surgery to remove the tumour, followed by radiotherapy, and temozolomide (a drug used to treat tumours that have spread to the brain). The study was at high risk of bias. Evidence from this study suggested little or no difference in overall survival (deaths) at one year after diagnosis of GBM (48% vs 55%) and at two years (86% vs 81%). We found no evidence on other imaging schedules. In addition, we found no relevant economic evaluations assessing the efficiency of the different imaging strategies. The effect on survival and other health outcomes remains largely unknown. The limited evidence suggests that early brain scans among GBM patients who will receive combined chemoradiation treatment (chemotherapy and radiotherapy) may make little to no difference to survival. However, this finding needs to be further researched, particularly as brain scans also serve as a quality control measure that may lead to early re-operations if residual tumour is found. Mathematical models of a large glioma patient database could help to help to distinguish the optimal timing of imaging for different types of gliomas.
We included three studies randomising 161 people with schizophrenia. Data were available for only two of our main outcomes. Clinically important improvement in global state was measured by the Clinical Global Impression (CGI). There was no clear difference in global improvement between the two drugs. There were no clear differences in the number of people with parkinsonism at eight weeks in either group. There was not enough evidence to be sure whether metiapine is more or less effective than chlorpromazine. The quality of the evidence was very low.
Twenty-three studies were identified for inclusion in this review. Probiotics were not superior to placebo for any outcome measured. The use of nitroimidazole antibiotics reduced the risk of Crohn's disease recurrence, but was associated with a higher risk of serious side effects. Azathioprine/6MP was also shown to reduce the risk for clinical and endoscopic recurrence compared to placebo. Mesalamine therapy was also associated with reduced risk of clinical recurrence. However, these agents were associated with higher risks of serious adverse events. There was no significant difference with mesalamine and azathioprinne for any other outcome. There were insufficient data to draw conclusions on infliximab, budesonide, tenovil and interleukin 10. The cost, side effects and tolerability of these approaches require careful consideration to determine the optimal approach for post-operative prophylaxis.
We included seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 885 participants in this review. The psychosocial interventions considered in the studies were: cognitive-behavioural coping skills training (one study), twelve-step programme (one), brief intervention (three studies), motivational interviewing (two studies), and brief motivational interviewing. Two studies were considered in two comparisons. There were no data for the secondary outcome, alcohol-related harm. We found low to very low-quality evidence to suggest that there is no difference in effectiveness between different types of interventions to reduce alcohol consumption among people who use illicit drugs, and that brief interventions are not superior to assessment-only or to treatment as usual. No firm conclusions can be made because of the paucity of the data and the low quality of the retrieved studies. We judged the majority of the trials to have a high or unclear risk of bias.
We found 23 trials with a total of 1586 participants. Fifty-eight per cent of these participants were from five unpublished studies. The trials compared quinine to placebo (20 trials, 1140 participants), vitamin E (four trials, 543 participants), theophylline (one trial, 77 people), a combination (three trials, 510 people), and xylocaine injections (24 people) into the gastrocnemius muscle. We found no new trials for inclusion when we searched for them in 2014. The risk of bias in the trials varied considerably. All 23 trials claimed to be randomised, but most did not describe how participants were allocated to groups in a way that would help us to be more certain of the results. The evidence is current to September 2014. Compared to placebo, quinines reduced cramps over two weeks by 28%, cramps intensity by 10%, and cramp days by 20%. Cramp duration was not significantly affected. A significantly greater number of people suffered minor side effects on quinsine than on placebo, mainly gastrointestinal symptoms. There was no significant difference in major side effects. One participant suffered from thrombocytopenia (a blood clot in the arm) on quinesine. A quineine-vitamin E combination, vitamin E alone, and the use of xylocolaine injections into the stomach muscle were not significantly different to quinne across all outcomes. Based on a single trial comparison, theophylla combined with quinsinine was significantly less effective than a combination of the two drugs, but with no significant differences in adverse events. There is moderate quality evidence that with use up to 60 days, the incidence of serious adverse events is not significantly greater than for placebo in the identified trials, but because serious side effects can be rarely fatal, in some countries prescription of quinaine is severely restricted. Evidence from single trials suggests that theophynelline (a drug) combined
We found seven randomised controlled trials enrolling a total of 406 individuals. Three trials enrolled women with pregnancy-associated leg cramps. Four trials enrolled idiopathic cramps (a type of muscle cramp in the legs) and one trial included 322 people with idiopathy (a condition in which the muscle is damaged). Magnesium was compared to placebo in six trials, and to no treatment in one trial. We could not determine the number of subjects with minor side effects, but studies of oral magnesium described potential side effects as similar in frequency to placebo. It is unlikely that magnesium provides useful cramp prophylaxis to older adults experiencing muscle cramps, but the literature is conflicting. Further research in this population is needed.
We included one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared a six-month, home-based, combined muscle strength and recumbent cycle ergometry training program with usual care in 14 ambulatory people with SMA. The age range of the participants was between 10 years and 48 years. The results of the study were imprecise. The study did not assess the effects of the exercise training on physical activity levels. The training group showed a slight improvement in muscle strength, expressed as the manual muscle testing (MMT), which ranges from 28 (weakest) to 280 (strongest). The HFMSE score in the training group was 6.8 points higher than in the usual care group. Cardiopulmonary exercise capacity, measured by the change from baseline to six months' follow-up, was similar between the training and usual care groups. The trial assessed function on the Hammersmith Functional Motor Scale (HFMSE), which has a range of scores from 0 to 66, with an increase of 3 or more points indicating clinically meaningful improvement. The change in walking distance was 24.0 m. No serious adverse events or adverse events leading to withdrawal from the study occurred. The certainty of the evidence was very low, which means that we have very little confidence in the results. We need well-designed and well-conducted studies to improve our understanding of exercise response in SMA type 3 and to develop exercise guidelines for this condition.
We found two randomised controlled trials (N = 149) that compared surgery with physiotherapy or hard collar immobilization. One trial (81 patients with cervical radiculopathy) found that surgery was better in the short-term for pain, weakness or sensory loss, but there were no significant differences in the long-term. The other trial (68 patients with mild myelopathy) did not find any difference between surgery and conservative treatment in three years following treatment. Both small trials were at significant risk of bias and do not provide reliable evidence on the effects of surgery for cervical spondylosis. There is low quality evidence that surgery may provide pain relief faster than physiotherapy and immobilization, but it is unclear whether there is little or no difference in pain relief over the long term. Further research is very likely to change our confidence in these findings.
Nine studies met our inclusion criteria, five RCTs, one CCT and three ITSs. Six studies compared telephone consultation versus usual care; four by a doctor, one by nurse and one by a clinic clerk. Three studies compared different types of health care workers; two compared nurse telephone triage with doctors and nurses with doctors. Three of five studies found a decrease in visits to GP's, but two found a significant increase in return consultations. In general at least 50% of calls were handled by telephone advice alone. Seven studies looked at the number of emergency department visits, six showed no difference between the groups and one found an increase in visits. Two studies reported deaths. One study reported deaths and found no difference in the numbers of visits to the hospital. Telephone consultation appears to reduce the need for out-of-hours visits by general practitioners. However, questions remain about its effects on service use. Further rigorous evaluation is needed.
We included 84 studies with a total of 22,872 participants in this review. The evidence is current to September 2016. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand and the United Kingdom. Most of the studies were carried out in higher risk individuals or settings. Studies with follow-up periods of at least four months were of more interest in assessing the sustainability of intervention effects and were also less susceptible to short-term reporting or publication bias. The results of this review indicate that there are no substantive, meaningful benefits of MI interventions for preventing alcohol use, misuse or alcohol-related problems. Although we found some statistically significant effects, the effect sizes were too small, given the measurement scales used in the included studies, to be of relevance to policy or practice. Moreover, the quality of evidence is not strong, suggesting that any effects could be inflated by risk of bias. Further analyses showed that there was no clear relationship between the duration of the MI intervention (in minutes) and effect size. Subgroup analyses revealed no clear subgroup effects for longer-term outcomes (four or more months) for assessment only versus alternative intervention controls; for university/college vs other settings; or for higher risk vs all/low risk participants. None of the trials reported harms related to MI.
We included 29 studies with a total of 2210 participants. All participants had asthma, and follow-up ranged from 2 to 26 weeks. Most studies were at low or unclear risk of selection and attrition bias and at high risk of bias associated with blinding. We considered most of the studies to be of low to moderate quality. We classified studies into three groups: enhanced face-to-face training session(s), multi-media-delivered inhaler training (e.g. DVD, computer app or game) and feedback device training. We found 29 studies that compared these three types of interventions. Inhaler technique education and mult-media training improved technique in most studies, although the variety of checklists used meant that this was difficult to assess reliably. For both adults and children, how and when inhaler technique was assessed seemed to affect whether it improved and how much. Analyses of the numbers of people who showed correct or 'good enough' technique were more useful than checklist scores. Adult studies of enhanced education showed some benefit when this metric was used immediately after treatment. However, the effect of multi- media training for adults was uncertain. A similar result was seen with feedback devices. In one study, 51 per 100 people with asthma who were given feedback devices showed improvement in their asthma control, compared with 83 per 100 who were not. We did not find any evidence about harms. Some studies did not report asthma flare-ups in a way that could be combined, and some provided inconclusive results. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low or moderate, meaning that we are less confident in the results. Most included studies did show important improvement in asthma control and quality of life, but they did not show important clinical benefits for adults or children. We do not know if these benefits are maintained over time. We also found no evidence about the harms of these interventions. We rated the overall quality of evidence as low for most outcomes. This means that we
We found three small trials, involving 226 participants, that compared mannitol to placebo. One trial included patients with presumed ischaemic stroke who had not had a stroke, and the other two trials included patients who had had ICH. Data on death and dependency were not available in any of the trials. Adverse events were either not found or were not reported. The change in clinical condition was reported in two trials, but the proportion of those with worsening or not improving condition was not significantly different between the treated and control groups. Based on these three trials neither beneficial nor harmful effects could be proved.
Six trials were identified, with 425 patients randomized to D-penicillamine and 258 to placebo. A statistically significant benefit was seen for the three-dose range and for most outcome measures including: tender joint counts, pain, physician's global assessments and ESR. The difference for ESR was -10.6 mm/hr. Similar results were seen for higher dose groups. Its effects on long-term functional status and radiological progression are not clear from this review. Its efficacy appears to be similar to that of other disease modifying anti-rheumatic drugs (DMARDs), but with a significantly higher toxicity. Total withdrawals were higher in the moderate and high dosage groups (OR=1.63 and 2.13 respectively), mostly due to increased adverse reactions (OR = 2.60 and 4.95 respectively), including renal and hematological abnormalities.
We included four relevant trials. All of them were of low quality. All four studies used a decoction containing Huangqi compounds as the intervention with chemotherapy. There was a significant reduction in the proportion of patients who experienced nausea & vomiting, and a decrease in the rate of leucopenia (low white blood cell count). There was no evidence of harm arising from the use of Chinese herbs. Due to the limitations of the studies, there is no robust demonstration of benefit. We need more high quality studies investigating the effects of decoctions of Chinese herbal herbs, particularly Astragalus spp.(as in Huangqi), upon chemotherapy-related side effects.
We included three randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) in this review. The three trials included a total of 866 participants aged four to 55 years with RP. All participants had RP of all forms. One trial evaluated vitamin A alone, one trial evaluated DHA, and a third trial compared DHA and vitamin A versus vitamin A only. None of the RCTs had protocols for reporting the results of the trials, so it was unclear whether the trials were at risk of bias. The trials did not report the primary outcome, mean change of visual field, at one year, in any of the studies. No adverse events were reported in these three trials. No trial reported a benefit of vitamin A and/or DHA on the progression of vision loss. Two of the three trials reported changes in ERG amplitudes among some subgroups of participants, but these results have not been replicated or substantiated by the other trials. Based on these results, there is no clear evidence for the benefit of treatment with vitamin A or DHA for people with RP, in terms of the mean change in visual field and ERG amplifyments at one or five years follow-up. Future trials should take into account the changes observed in ERGs and other outcome measures, in addition to previous cohort studies, when calculating sample sizes to assure that there is enough power to detect a difference between treatment arms.
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 414 participants. All participants were recruited through rheumatology clinics. The majority of participants had IA, most with RA and to a lesser degree AS. The interventions aimed to prevent job loss and improve work functioning in two ways: firstly, by evaluating work changes or adaptations and secondly, by providing any person-directed interventions including vocational counselling, advice or education. The duration or dose of the interventions varied from two 1.5-hour sessions (one RCT) over five months, to two consultation and multidisciplinary treatments during three months (two RCTs), to six to eight individual or group sessions (also one RCT). Interventions directly targeted at the work environment were minimal and included workplace visits (one trial) or any actions by occupational physician (one study). Overall, we found very low quality evidence to suggest that job loss prevention interventions have an effect on job loss, work absenteeism and work functioning. We found no adverse effects. We assessed the quality of the evidence using the GRADE approach and judged it to be very low. We judged the two smaller trials as having a high risk of bias, and the large trial to have a low risk. The two larger trials showed a large reduction in job loss. The other RCT (n = 242) reported similar effects in both groups. The latter one probably suffered from performance bias and we judged the high risk to be high. The one small trial investigating sickness absenteeism found uncertain results at six months' follow-up. Finally, the same small trial assessing work functioning using the Rheumatoid Arthritis-Work Instability Scale (RA-WIS), there was a moderate improvement of intermediate term work functioning (six months) in the intervention group. We identified no side effects in the publications of the three trials. This Cochrane review of three trials found that there was no evidence to support the use of interventions aimed at preventing
We identified three eligible studies that included a total of 285 preterm infants (140 of whom received arginine) from three countries. We assessed the quality of evidence as good. We noted a reduction in risk of NEC (any stage) among preterm neonates who were given a placebo (dummy) treatment compared with the placebo group. The number needed to be treated for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) was 6 (95% confidence interval 4 to 10). We also found that the number of deaths due to NEC was reduced by a significant amount (87%). We found no significant differences in the risk of death due to any cause between the groups. We found that there were no significant side effects directly attributable to the treatment, including hypotension (low blood glucose levels) or alterations in glucose homeostasis. Follow-up data from one trial revealed no significant difference in adverse outcomes (cerebral palsy, cognitive delay, bilateral blindness or hearing loss) at 36 months. The quality of the evidence was moderate. Limitations of the present findings include a small number of studies and small sample sizes. Because information was provided by three small trials that included 285 infants, the data are insufficient at present to support a practice recommendation. A multi-centre study that is focused on the incidence of NEC, particularly at more severe stages (2 and 3), is needed. This plain language summary has been written by a consumer Ben Gray, Service User and Service User Expert, Rethink Mental Illness. Email: [email protected]
We included four studies involving 1943 participants with acute sinusitis in this review. The trials were well-designed and double-blinded and studied INCS versus placebo or no treatment for 15 or 21 days. The rates of loss to follow-up were 7%, 11%, 41% and 10%. When we combined the results from the three trials included in the meta-analysis, we found that INCS was more likely to improve symptoms than placebo. Higher doses of INCS had a stronger effect on improvement of symptoms or complete relief. No significant side effects were reported and there was no difference in the drop-out and recurrence rates for the two treatment groups and for groups receiving higher doses. Current evidence is limited for acute sinuitis confirmed by either radiology or nasal endoscopy. Clinicians should weigh the modest benefits with possible minor side effects when prescribing INCS. No new trials were found for inclusion in this update.
The review of trials found that prophylactic use of vancomycin in low doses reduces the incidence of sepsis in the neonate. There was insufficient evidence to ascertain the risks of the development of resistant organisms in the nurseries involved in these trials.
The review of trials found that the choice of dressing or topical agent for wounds healing by secondary intention is determined by chance. There were no clear differences in the length of time it took for wounds to heal. There was one trial of a plaster cast applied to an amputation stump, which showed that plaster casts accelerated wound healing compared with an elastic compression. However, this trial was small and the results of this trial are un interpretable. A single trial of aloe vera supplementation vs gauze suggests that the wound may have been delayed healing with aloevera, but again, the results are uninterpretable since there was a large differential loss of time to follow up. The review found that gauze was associated with more pain than other dressings (4 trials). Patients treated with gauze were less satisfied with their treatment (3 trials). Gauze is inexpensive but its use is associated with the use of more nursing time (2 trials). There was no difference in length of hospital stay (four trials). One trial found shorter hospital stay in people who had plaster casts applied to a stump when plaster casts were applied compared with compression stockings. We found only small, poor quality trials; the evidence is therefore insufficient to determine if dressing or dressing agents have an effect on the healing of surgical wounds. Foam seems to be an alternative for gauze and appears to be preferable as to pain reduction, patient satisfaction and nursing time.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials that included 1482 women. Four trials examined oral contraceptives (COCs), and three studied an intrauterine device (IUD). We also found two trials of progestin-only pills (POPs) and two of the etonogestrel-releasing implant. In 2014, we added seven trials for a new total of 11. Five reports were published before 1985, and six from 2005 to 2014. The trials were of moderate quality. Most trials did not report differences between the study arms in breastfeeding duration, breast milk composition, or infant growth. Exceptions were seen mainly in older studies with limited information. For breast milk volume, two older studies indicated lower volume for the COC group versus the placebo group. The other showed lower means (mL) for the group, e.g. at 16 weeks (MD -24.00, 95% CI -34.53 to -13.47) and at 24 weeks. One trial did not quantify results. Two of eight trials indicated a negative effect on lactation duration. Another trial showed a lower percentage of the LNG-IUS group breastfeeding at 75 days versus the non-hormonal IUD group (reported P < 0.05) but no difference at one year. One of four trials showed no significant difference between the groups in milk volume or composition. Of four trials that assessed infant growth, three indicated no difference between groups. One showed greater weight gain (grams) in the ET implant group versus no method for six weeks but less for 12 weeks. The others studied POPs, COCs versus POPs or an LNG -IUS. Results were not consistent across the 11 trials. The evidence was not consistent for any particular hormonal method. The quality of the evidence was moderate overall and low for three of four placebo-controlled trials of COC or POPs. The included six trials with moderate quality evidence and sufficient
We found 10 controlled trials from Australia, Singapore and the USA that compared red-light cameras with no cameras. We grouped them according to the extent to which they adjusted for the effect of the camera on the number of crashes. Most of the studies did not adjust for the impact of the cameras on the amount of damage caused to the vehicle by the driver. The evidence is current to September 2013. The only study that partially adjusted for both reported a rate ratio of 0.71 (95% CI to 0.55, 0.93). For three studies that partiallyadjusted for the camera but failed to consider spillover, the rate ratio was 0.87 (95%) (range 0.77 to 0). For one study that made no adjustments, the combined rate ratio for the two studies that reported this outcome was 1.76 (95%). For the other three studies, the pooled rate ratio from the five studies with no adjustments was 1% (range 1.74 to 2.03). Red-light violations: one study found a rate of 1.53 (range 2.17 to 1.66). The results of this review suggest that red-camera cameras are effective in reducing total casualty crashes. The results are less conclusive on total collisions, specific casualty collision types and violations, where reductions achieved could be explained by the play of chance. Larger and better controlled studies are needed.
The review authors identified four trials involving 494 participants. Three studies involving 383 participants provided data on the proportion of participants who had achieved a therapeutic INR of 2.0 to 3.0 on the fifth day of therapy. One study showed that a 10-mg warfarin nomogram was superior to a 5-mg one for achieving an INR in patients with VTE. The other three studies showed no difference between the 10- mg and 5 mg nomograms in terms of major bleeding at 14 to 90 days. No difference was observed in minor bleeding or in length of hospital stay. In patients with acute thromboembolism (DVT or PE) aged 18 years or older, there was considerable uncertainty surrounding the use of a 10 mg or a 5 mg loading dose for initiation of anticoagulant drugs. This uncertainty was mainly due to differences in type of study participants and length of follow-up.
We included seven trials with a total of 555 participants. Three trials compared models of enhanced care in the inpatient setting with conventional care. Two trials compared an enhanced care model provided in hospital and at home after discharge with standard care. None of the trials were designed for people with dementia, so the data included in the review were from subgroups of participants who had been treated for dementia or cognitive impairment. The end of follow-up in the trials ranged from the point of acute hospital discharge to 24 months after discharge. We considered all trials to be at high risk of bias, which means that their results may not be reliable. Furthermore, the trials did not have enough participants to detect differences between the intervention groups. Using the GRADE approach, we downgraded the certainty of the evidence to low or very low. This means that we are very uncertain about the results. There was low-certainty that enhanced care and rehabilitation in-hospital may reduce the risk of delirium after hip fracture, and there was low certainty that it may lead to lower rates of some other complications. We found no data from any study for our primary outcome of quality of life. We were unable to draw any conclusions with confidence for our other main outcomes, activities of daily living, and functional performance. There is limited evidence that some of the models used in the included trials may help to prevent delirmia, reduce the length of stay in hospital, and to reduce the need for further treatment. However, we are uncertain about these results. The certainty of these results is low. Data were available from only a small number of trials, and the certainty for all other results is very low, so we cannot be certain about them. Determining the best models of care for older people following hip fracture should be a research priority.
We found seven studies with a total of 840 participants. Participants, interventions and outcomes were diverse. No significant differences were reported in health outcomes. Three studies reported a reduction in parental anxiety and improvement in child behaviours. Also, better parental coping and family functioning was reported in one study. In contrast, one study each reported no impact on parental burden of care or on functional status of children. Home care costs were reported to be more costly for service providers in two studies. However, the only summary finding from a few studies was that there is a significant decrease in length of hospital stay. The preliminary results show no adverse impact on physical health, and a number of papers reported improved satisfaction with home-based care. More research is needed to assess the effects of home care on health, satisfaction, service utilisation and long-term costs.
The evidence is current to September 2016. We included 40 studies with 7524 participants from 40 randomised controlled trials (RCTs). We found data relevant to two comparisons: ICM compared with standard care, and ICM versus non-ICM. The majority of studies had a high risk of selective reporting. No studies provided data for relapse or important improvement in mental state. We found that ICM is effective in ameliorating many outcomes relevant to people with severe mental illness. ICM may reduce the number of days spent in hospital and increase retention in care. It also improves social functioning, although ICM's effect on mental state and quality of life remains valuable. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for the following outcomes: 1. The effect of ICM on adverse events (death by suicide); 2. The impact of the ICM model on social functioning; and 3. the effect of the model on unemployment. The evidence was of moderate to very low quality for the outcomes adverse events and social functioning. Based on very low- to moderate-quality evidence, ICM probably makes little or no difference in reducing the average number or the average length of stay in hospital per month or in the average admissions to hospital. Similarly, the results showed that the number leaving the intervention early and that the effect on social function was uncertain. The overall quality of evidence was very low.
This review found that box model training appears to improve technical skills compared with no training. There was no difference in the time taken for the trainee to complete the task. There were no differences in the error score between the two groups in any of the comparisons. None of the other outcomes such as death and morbidity were reported in the trials. The quality of the trials was low or very low. The results of this review should be interpreted with caution due to the risk of systematic errors (bias) (play of chance) and risks of random errors (random errors). The impact of this decreased time on patients, healthcare funders, and trainee skills is unknown. Further well-designed trials of low risk of bias (low risk of play of chance and random errors) are necessary. Such trials should assess the impacts of box models on surgical skills both in the short and the long term, as well as clinical outcomes when trainees become competent to perform laparoscopic operations.
This review of trials found no evidence to support or refute the use of peroral glucocorticosteroids for patients with primary cholangitis. The use of corticosteroid injections through the nasobiliary tube seems to induce severe adverse effects.
This review of 11 trials found that early feeding may be associated with a trend towards better outcomes in terms of survival and disability. Further trials are required. These trials should report on not only nutritional outcomes but also the effect on disability.
We included 57 studies which randomised a total of 34,390 participants. Forty one studies (42 comparisons, 19,241 participants) provided data for the main meta-analysis. The main sources of bias were from attrition from the studies and participant blinding. Fifteen studies (16 comparisons, 10,862 participants) showed that people using digital interventions drank less than one drinking day per month less than people who received no intervention controls (moderate-quality evidence). Fifteen of these studies (3587 participants) also showed about one binge drinking session less per month in the intervention group, and in 15 studies (9791 participants) participants drank one unit per occasion less than those who did not receive the digital intervention. There was no evidence of a difference in alcohol consumption at the end of follow up. The BCTs of goal setting, problem solving, information about antecedents, behaviour substitution, and credible source were associated with reduced alcohol consumption. In a multivariable model that included studies with B > 23 in the unadjusted model, the studies of behaviour substitution (B -95.12, 95% CI -162.90 to -27.34), problem solving and credible sources were found to be associated with lower alcohol consumption in the group of participants who received the digital interventions. There were no studies that reported whether any adverse effects resulted from the interventions. Only five small studies (390 participants) compared digital with a face-to-face intervention. The results from these studies suggested that there may be little or no difference in impact on alcohol consumption between the two types of interventions. The quality of the evidence for most outcomes was moderate. This means that further research is likely to have an impact on our confidence in the results.
We included 24 studies in the review with a total of 4233 participants, of which 2124 received benzodiazepines and 1475 received placebo. The remaining 634 participants were randomised to other treatments in three-arm trials. We assessed all studies as at unclear risk of bias, which means that their results may be biased. In addition, 20 of the 24 included studies were at high risk of being biased in at least one domain. The evidence is current to August 2018. We found that benzodiazapine may be superior to placebo in the short-term treatment of panic disorders. The dropout rate was lower among participants treated with benzodizapine compared to placebo. However, the number of participants dropping out due to side effects was higher among benzodazapine-treated participants than with placebo. Furthermore, our analyses of side effects showed that a higher proportion of participants experienced side effects when taking benzoduzapine. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for both efficacy and acceptability. We also assessed the evidence for the other outcomes as of very low quality. With the exception of the analyses of the change score data for depression and social functioning, all secondary outcome analyses showed an effect in favour of benzodozapine when compared with placebo, but the included studies did not examine the long-term efficacy nor the risks of dependency and withdrawal symptoms. Due to these limitations, our results regarding the efficacy of Benzodiazepine versus placebo provide only limited guidance for clinical practice. The clinician's choice should therefore be guided by the patient's preference and should balance benefits and harms from treatment in a long term perspective.
We found 13 small trials (1520 participants randomised) and three ongoing trials. Seven studies recruited 903 healthy participants, the other studies recruited people with high blood pressure, elderly people at high risk of falling, and people with hypertension with liver and kidney yin deficiency syndrome. The duration and style of tai chi varied between trials. All studies were short term (one year or less) and all had at least one domain with unclear risk of bias. There was some suggestion of beneficial effects on CVD risk factors, but this was not consistent across all studies. There were no deaths from any cause, all-cause deaths or non-fatal events as most studies had short term follow-up of one year. The risk of CVD was not reduced by tai Chi. The evidence is up to date as of April 2014. There are currently no long-term trials examining taichi for the primary prevention of cardiovascular disease. More longer-term, high-quality trials are needed.
We searched for studies that compared family-based programmes to no intervention or usual care, or school-based interventions provided to all children. Twenty-seven studies were included in the review. The interventions were very varied in the components of the family intervention, the risk behaviours targeted alongside tobacco, the age of children at baseline and the length of follow-up. Two interventions were tested by two studies, one was tested by three studies, and the remaining 20 distinct programmes were tested only by one study. We were not able to combine the results from all the studies in a format that would allow us to combine them in a meta-analysis. There was moderate quality evidence that family interventions can have a positive impact on preventing smoking when compared to a no intervention control. Nine studies (4810 participants) reporting smoking uptake could be pooled, but eight studies with about 5000 people could not be because of insufficient data. The results of these studies showed a significant reduction in smoking in the intervention arms. Most of the studies used intensive interventions. Most studies used high intensity programmes. We found that the results were similar for the medium and low intensity subgroups. Two studies in which some of the 4487 people already had smoking experience at baseline did not show an effect. Eight studies (18,500 people) compared a combined family plus school intervention to a school intervention only. Of the three studies with data, two studies (2301 people) with outcomes for 2301 never smokers detected an effect, and one study with data for 1096 people not restricted to never users at baseline also detected a benefit. The other five studies (about 18,500 participants) did not report data. One study (388 people) looked at a family intervention plus a school 'good behaviour' programme and did not find a difference between the two groups. No studies found any adverse effects of the intervention. The quality of evidence was downgraded from high to moderate because of the small number of studies and small numbers of participants.
We included three studies with a total of 451 participants in this review. Two studies compared dexamethasone to placebo, and the third study compared a number of different corticosteroids in various combinations. The duration of the studies ranged from seven to 14 days. We found two studies (127 participants) with data at eight days of follow-up for nausea intensity; no data were available for the third. Corticosteroid therapy resulted in less nausea on a scale of 0 to 10, with a lower score indicating less nausea, compared to placebo. However, this result was not statistically significant. The frequency of side effects was not significantly different between groups. The quality of this evidence was downgraded from high to very low, due to imprecision, likely selection bias, attrition bias, and small number of participants in these studies.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of high-risk children using antibiotics (azithromycin, ciprofloxacin, co-trimoxazole, isoniazid, and vancomycin) to prevent LRTIs. Three studies included HIV-infected children (n = 1345) and four cystic fibrosis, four sickle cell disease and one each heart disease, cancer, and low birth weight babies with underlying respiratory disorders. The studies lasted from seven days to three years. We were unable to rate the quality of the evidence for two studies: one in children with sickle cells disease (low risk of bias), and the other in low birthweight babies (high-risk of bias). There was no significant increase in the frequency of side effects with the use of antibiotics. There was a reduction in the number of children with lung infections (pneumocystis carinii pneumonia) in the one study that used a combination of penicillin V and trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazine (a drug used to prevent pneumococcal septicaemia) in children who were treated with antibiotics. However, there was no evidence of an increase in antibiotic resistance. There were no significant differences in the rate of death or serious side effects between children who received antibiotics and those who did not. The effect of antibiotics on growth was inconsistent across the studies. In two studies there was an increased risk of emergence of pathogenic strains with either azithromycus (a bacterium that causes infection in the lungs) or ciprifugin (a virus that causes infections in the blood). There were insufficient data to assess the effect of antibiotic treatment on quality of life.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs), randomising 519 participants. Three trials randomised participants to nitrous oxide (100 participants) or carbon dioxide (96 participants). None of the trials was at low risk of bias. There was not enough evidence to determine the effects of nitrous and carbon dioxide on cardiopulmonary complications (two studies; 140 participants), or surgical complications (three studies; 143 participants). There were no serious adverse events related to either of these gases. We could not combine data from two trials (140 participants) which individually show lower pain scores (a difference of about one visual analogue score (a scale of 1 to 10 with lower numbers indicating less pain) at various time points on the first postoperative day, and this was rated asvery low quality evidence. Four trials (69 participants) compared room air pneumoperitoneum (70 participants) with carbon air (76 participants). The trial was at unclear risk of systematic error. The evidence of lower costs and reduced pain with room air versus carbon air was of very low quality. One trial randomised people to room air or room air. The trial did not state the number of participants in each group. None of these trials were of high quality. We were unable to determine whether or not there were any serious complications related to the use of room air, and there was no evidence of any serious side effects. The quality of the current evidence is very low. Evidence from one trial (with small sample size) suggests that room air may decrease hospital costs in people undergoing abdominal surgery. The safety of using room air (or nitrous, helium, argon, nitrogen, and room air) compared with standard gas insufflation (i.e. nitrogen, oxygen, or room gas) has yet to be established. Further trials on this topic are needed. Future trials should include outcomes such as complications, serious side events, quality of life, and pain.
This review identified 14 studies investigating dexamethasone in preterm infants. Eight studies enrolling a total of 303 infants investigated the cumulative dosage administered. Three studies compared a high versus a moderate dose, and five studies a moderate and a low dose. Analysis of these studies showed an increased risk of BPD when using a high dose of corticosteroids compared to a high-dose regimen. There was no difference in outcomes between the moderate dose and the low dose regimen. Four other studies enrolled 762 infants and compared early versus a moderately early or delayed initiation of dexametral therapy. The two RCTs investigating a continuous versus a pulse dose showed that the pulse treatment increased the risk of death or BPD. Finally, two trials investigating a standard versus a participant-individualized course of dexaprovention showed no differences in outcomes. The quality of evidence for all comparisons was assessed as low or very low, because of small sample sizes of randomized infants, differences in study population and design, and lack of long-term data in most studies. Despite the fact that some studies reported a modulating effect of the drug regimens in favor of higher-dosage regimens on BPD, recommendations on the optimal dose, the optimal dosage, or the optimal timing of initiation cannot be made based on current evidence. A well-designed large RCT is urgently needed to establish the optimal systemic postnatal steroid dosage regimen.
This review of trials found that there was little evidence of benefit when corticosteroids were used to reduce the risk of heart valve lesions in people with acute rheumatic fever. However, the results should be viewed with caution because of the age of most of the trials and the substantial risk of bias of the studies. New trials are warranted to assess the effects of steroids such as prednisone, cortisone, hydrocortisone and dexamethasone. Advances in echocardiography will allow more precise and objective assessments of heart outcomes.
We included six studies with a total of 12,294 participants from 79 communities. Two studies that used insecticide spray as a fly control measure found that trachoma was reduced by at least 55% to 61% with this measure. However, another study did not find insecticide sprays to be effective in reducing the number of trachomatosis. One study found that another control measure, latrine provision, reduced the numbers of people developing trachomas by 29.5% when compared to no intervention. Another study showed that health education reduced the incidence of the disease. These findings have not been confirmed by a second study, however, which found that a modest health education programme with a modest water supply did not reduce the incidence. Generally, all the studies have some methodological concerns. There is some evidence from two trials that insecticides are effective in the control of flies, but this effect was not demonstrated in another trial that used them. Two trials on the use of the latrine as a control measure have shown no significant reduction in the rate of trchoma. Health education had shown a significant reduction of the numbers developing trchomatisoma in one study, but another trial did not demonstrate similar findings.
This review found that CBT is effective in reducing the symptoms of fatigue at post-treatment compared with usual care. CBT may be more effective than other therapies in reducing fatigue symptoms. The evidence base at follow-up was limited to a small group of studies with inconsistent findings. There is a lack of evidence on whether CBT can be used alone or in combination with other treatments, and further studies are needed to inform the development of effective treatment programmes for CFS.
We found one randomised controlled trial (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) which included 46 people with sickle cell disease. Of the 46 people in the study, seven people withdrew before the start of the study and the remaining 39 people did not complete the study. Participants were randomised to receive oral vitamin D3 (cholecalciferol) (20 people) or placebo (19 people) for six weeks and were followed up to six months. Two people from the vitamin D group have missing values of serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D), therefore the number of samples analysed was 37. Only 25 people completed the full six months of follow up. Compared to the placebo group, people taking vitamin D had higher levels of 25-OHD levels at eight weeks; at 16 weeks; and at 24 weeks. However, the difference was not significant at both 16 weeks (12.5 points on a scale of 0 to 100) and 24 weeks (15.52 points). There was no significant difference of adverse events (tingling of lips or hands) between the vitamin and placebo groups, but the quality of the evidence was low. Regarding the frequency of pain days, people on vitamin D treatment had significantly fewer pain days compared to those on placebo, but again, again, this was low quality evidence. Furthermore, the review included physical functioning PedsQL scores which was reported as absolute change from baseline. The vitamin D groups had a lower (worse) health-related quality of life score than the placebo groups but this was not statistically significant at 8 weeks, 16 weeks or 24 weeks, respectively. The quality of evidence for this outcome was low and we considered the evidence to be of low quality. Therefore, we consider that the evidence is not of sufficient quality to guide clinical practice. Until further evidence becomes available, clinicians should consider the relevant existing guidelines for vitamin D supplementation (e.
This review includes only one study, which recruited 26 children aged 4 to 12 years, with mild to moderate CAS of unknown cause. The study compared two treatments: the Nuffield Dyspraxia Programme 3 (NDP-3) and ReST, which are speech and language pathologists' treatments for children with idiopathic CAS. Treatments were delivered in one-hour sessions, four days a week for three weeks. Speech pathology students delivered the treatments in the English language. Children were assigned to one of the two treatments. Outcomes were assessed before therapy, after therapy, at one month and four months post-therapy. A number of cases in each cohort had restarted usual treatment by their speech-and-language pathologist one month after treatment. There is limited evidence that, when delivered intensively, both NDP-3 and reST may improve word accuracy in 4- to 12-year-old children with CAS, as measured by the accuracy of production on treated and non-treated words. For three outcomes, the effect was marginally greater for NDP--3 than ReST. Speech production consistency, measured by 25 real words repeated three times, was better for ReST than for NDP. There was no difference between the two therapies for accuracy of speech production consistency. We judged all core outcome domains to be low risk of bias. We are not able to say whether either treatment is better than no treatment, treatment as usual or treatment. We downgraded the quality of the evidence due to imprecision, as only one RCT was identified. Further RCTs replicating this study, in other age ranges and in other populations with CAS and with co-occurring disorders, are needed to strengthen the evidence base. No formal analyses of the original study were conducted by the original authors, hence one treatment cannot be reliably advocated over the other.
We found four studies that randomised a total of 268 participants. One study conducted in Brazil in both adults and children compared trimethoprim-sulfamexacocol to no treatment. The other three studies compared antibiotic treatment to placebo. We judged these three studies to be at a mixture of low or unclear risk of bias, due to poor reporting. In all four studies the antibiotic was administered orally. The last study, in Brazil, all participants had active retinochoroiditis and were treated with antibiotics for 45 days prior to the start of the study. The study in Brazil reported the effect of treatment on visual acuity over 12 months, in people with healed lesions. There is currently no good evidence that this leads to better visual outcomes. The three studies in the UK reported that pyrimethamine for four weeks reduced inflammation in the eye compared with placebo. In the US study, intraocular inflammation had almost completely resolved by eight weeks in all participants. However, in this study all participants received steroid treatment. Two studies (UK and US studies) reported an increased risk of side effects. These were a fall in haemoglobin, leucocyte, platelet count, nausea, loss of appetite, rash, and joint pain. There was no evidence that antibiotics reduced the risk of having a new infection of the retina. The quality of the evidence was low for all outcomes. Further trials of people with both acute and chronic toxoplasma (retinopathy of the eye) are required to determine the effects of antibiotic treatment on vision outcomes.
We included 43 trials with a total of 3749 participants. Twenty-two trials (3749 participants) compared the Gamma nail with the sliding hip screw (SHS). The Gamma nail was associated with increased risk of operative and later fracture of the femur, and increased reoperation rate. There were no major differences between implants in wound infection, death or medical complications. Five trials (623 participants) of other nail versus extramedullary implant comparisons for trochanteric fracture fractures provided no evidence to show definite differences between the implants under test. None of the 10 trials (1491 participants) that compared the two types of nail with each other for these fractures provided evidence to establish definite differences. Two trials (65 participants) found that nails with a fixed angle plate were associated with less fracture fixation complications than fixed nail plates for unstable fractures at the level of the trochanters. However, the SHS appears superior for this type of fracture. Three trials (394 participants) showed no difference in fracture fixation, reoperation, wound infection and length of hospital stay for the proximal femoral nail (PFN) versus the SHS. The SHS had a lower complication rate compared with the PFN, but there was not enough evidence to be sure of this. Further studies are needed to confirm that more recently developed designs of nail avoid the complications of previous nails.
We found only one study that met our inclusion criteria and was included in the review. It analysed data for 47 women who received either palliative surgery (n = 27) or medical management with the drug, Octreotide, and reported overall survival and perioperative deaths and morbidity. Women with poor performance status were excluded from surgery. Although six (22%) of the women had serious complications of the operation and three (11%) died of complications, multivariable analysis of the data found that women who were given surgery had significantly (p < 0.001) better survival than women who had not received surgery. However, the magnitude of this effect was not reported. Quality of life (QoL) was also not reported and adverse events were incompletely documented. We found only low quality evidence for the comparison of the two forms of treatment. Therefore, we are unable to reach definite conclusions about the relative benefits and harms of one form of treatment or the other. There is weak evidence in support of surgical management to prolong survival.
Four randomised controlled trials were identified. They comprised a total of 244 women with PCOS receiving 12 weeks or 6 weeks of treatment. Two trials studied the effects of simvastatin and two trials (60 women randomised) studied the effect of atorvis. There was no good evidence that statins improved menstrual regularity, spontaneous ovulation rate, hirsutism or acne, either alone or in combination with the oral contraceptive pill (OCP). Nor were there any significant effects on body mass index (BMI). Statins were effective in lowering testosterone levels (nmol/L) when used alone or with the OCP. Statins also improved lipid profiles (total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and total triglycerides), but had no significant effect on body fat, fasting insulin, fasting glucose or homeostatic model assessment (HOMA). No serious side effects were reported. There is a need for further research to be done with large sample sizes and well-designed trials to assess clinical outcomes.
This review aimed to assess the benefits and risks of palliative treatments for vaginal bleeding in women with cervical cancer. We found no randomised controlled trials to support or refute the use of any of the proposed treatments. Radiotherapy techniques for managing vaginal bleeding are not readily available. Therefore, the choice of treatment will be based on local resources.
The review of trials found that, compared to radiotherapy alone, temozolomide prolongs survival and delays progression in patients with GBM. It does not appear to have an effect on quality of life. In patients with recurrent glioblastoma multiforme, it improves time-to-progression (TTP) and QoL without increasing side effects. In the elderly, it appears comparable with radiotherapy in terms of OS and progression-free survival (PFS) but with a higher instance of adverse events.
We found two studies that investigated the effects of contracting-in and intermittent training courses for district health system managers. The findings of one study conducted in Cambodia provide low quality evidence that contracts with international nongovernmental organizations (NGOs) may improve health care access and utilization. The other study provides low quality, low-quality evidence that intermittent training of health care managers over 18 months may improve performance. In three countries in Latin America, managers who did not receive the training courses were found to have between 2.4 and 8.3 times more management deficiencies than those who received the training. No studies that aimed to investigate interventions to keep district health systems managers in place have been found. Other interventions that might be promising candidates for hiring and retaining (e.g., government regulations for health workers, professional support programs) as well as training district health workers have not been investigated. More evidence is needed before firm conclusions can be drawn about the effectiveness of these interventions in diverse settings.
We included three studies that involved 123 people. The methods used for blinding the participants and researchers to the treatment group were not reported. There was some evidence from three small studies that showed that surgical treatment was preferable to nonsurgical management in reducing the risk of pneumonia, chest deformity, and tracheostomy. The length of time spent on a breathing machine, the length of stay in the intensive care unit (ICU), and length of hospital stay were measured in the three studies. All three studies reported on deaths, and deaths occurred in two studies. The causes of death were pneumonia, pulmonary embolism, mediastinitis, and septic shock. Due to differences in the reporting, we could not combine the results and have listed them separately. Chest pain, chest tightness, bodily pain, and adverse effects were each measured in one study. There were no clear differences in mortality between treatment groups. Further well-designed studies with a sufficient sample size are needed to confirm these results and to detect possible effects on mortality.
Cerivastatin is a drug that lowers cholesterol by lowering blood lipids (badges) and triglycerides (cholesterol in the blood). We found 50 randomised controlled trials (19 RCTs and 31 before-and-after studies) in 12,877 participants. The participants were of any age with and without cardiovascular disease, and the trials studied the effects of the drug over a period of three to 12 weeks. The drugs were compared to each other, atorvastatin (a type of anticoagulant drug), rosuvastarin (a drug used to treat high blood pressure) and a placebo (a pretend drug). The trials were of short duration and did not report on adverse effects. We found that the dose-related effect of the drugs was linear over the commonly prescribed dose range. This review did not find a good estimate of harms associated with the drugs. We judged the certainty of evidence to be high.
We included 28 studies which randomised a total of 6851 patients. The evidence is current to September 2015. The studies were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, Switzerland, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom and the United States of America. We found that remote ischaemic preconditioning by cuff inflation did not reduce the risk of renal ischaemia reperfusion injury in patients undergoing major heart and vascular surgery in which the kidneys were damaged. However, it probably leads to little or no difference in serum creatinine levels, adverse effects, need for dialysis, length of hospital stay, death and in the incidence of acute kidney injury. Serious adverse events occurred in four patients receiving remote iliac clamping. The certainty of the evidence was moderate for all outcomes except for adverse events, which were of low certainty. The available data does not confirm the efficacy of this intervention.
We included 12 trials with 703 participants in this review. Eight trials primarily investigated the efficacy in treating PSF, of which six trials with seven comparisons provided data suitable for analysis. Five pharmacological interventions (fluoxetine, enerion, (-)-OSU6162, citicoline and a combination of Chinese herbs); and two non-pharmacological interventions: a fatigue education programme and a mindfulness-based stress-reducing programme (two non-drug interventions). The fatigue severity was lower in the intervention groups than in the control groups. Four trials (248 participants) did not investigate the efficacy on PSF but other symptoms after stroke. None of these interventions showed any benefit on reducing PSF. There was no evidence on the efficacy of any intervention to treat or prevent fatigue after stroke, and some of the included trials had a high risk of bias. Some of the interventions described were feasible in people with stroke, but their efficacy should be investigated in RCTs with more robust study design and adequate sample sizes. Trials to date have been small and heterogeneous.
We identified three randomised controlled trials, enrolling 74 preterm infants. The sample sizes of the three trials were very small with 12 (Malone 1991), 19 (Singh 2002) and 40 (Hu 1999) infants enrolled. The intervention and the outcome assessments could not be blinded to the clinical staff (two trials) in two trials. One study (Hu 1991) found that the combination of insulin and glucose was better than the use of rectal cation-resin for the treatment of hyperkalaemia. In the study of Hu, the incidence of haemorrhage was reduced. In one study (Malone 1991), glucose and insulin, compared to rectal resins, caused a reduction in all cause mortality. No serious side effects were noted. The two interventions could possibly be tested against each other. No firm conclusions can be made from these studies. In view of the limited information from small studies of uncertain quality, no firm recommendations for clinical practice can be drawn. Other treatments (diuretics, exchange transfusion, peritoneal dialysis, calcium) have not been tested.
This review of trials found evidence that IVIg started within two weeks of onset of severe disease hastens recovery as much as PE. In children, according to low quality evidence, it probably hastens the recovery compared with supportive care. There were no significant differences between the two treatments in terms of improvement in a range of measures. Adverse events were not more frequent with either treatment, but IVIG is significantly more likely to be completed than PE. More research is needed in mild disease and in patients whose treatment starts more than two weeks after onset. Dose-ranging studies are also needed. One is ongoing and one is in progress.
We included 28 randomized clinical trials with a total of 9330 participants in this review. In 21 trials, 7597 participants were randomly assigned to a high fraction of inspired oxygen versus a routine fraction of oxygen. In trials with an overall low risk of bias, the risk of dying was not significantly different between the groups. Similarly, when we combined the results of all trials, we did not find evidence that a high percentage of oxygen given during anaesthesia or surgery was associated with a higher risk of death. In a trial sequential analysis, we could not refute a 20% increase in mortality. In nine trials using preoperative antibiotics, a high proportion of oxygen (60% or higher) led to a decrease in surgical site infections. In five trials, the participants were not blinded to the treatment they received. We did not observe an effect of a high amount of oxygen on surgical site infection. The overall quality of the evidence was low to very low. This means that we cannot be certain that our results are valid and that further research is likely to change our conclusions.
We found 25 randomised controlled trials (3663 children) covering a range of antibiotics, participants, outcomes and time points for evaluation. Twenty-five trials (3258 children) were eligible for inclusion. Two trials did not report on any of the outcomes of interest. We found moderate quality evidence (six trials including 484 children) that children treated with oral antibiotics are more likely to have complete resolution of OME at two to three months post-randomisation (primary outcome). However, there is evidence (albeit of low quality; five trials, 742 children) of diarrhoea, vomiting or skin rash. In terms of the secondary outcome, we found low quality evidence from five meta-analyses, including between two and 14 trials, of a beneficial effect of antibiotics. However, we also found evidence that these children are more than twice as likely to experience these symptoms. The impact of antibiotics on short-term hearing is uncertain. Low quality evidence did not show that oral antibiotics were associated with a decrease in the rate of ventilation tube insertion (two trials, 121 children) or in the number of ear infections (one trial, 103 children). It should, however, be noted that when we excluded studies with high risk of bias (high risk of systematic error) from the review, the beneficial effect was no longer significant. Furthermore, there were no data on speech, language and cognitive development, or quality of life. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. This review presents both benefits and harms associated with the use of oral antibiotics to treat children up to 16 years with OME. This has been linked to the widespread use of antibiotics for common conditions, such as otitis media.
This review examined the effects of a low protein diet on the progression to kidney failure in patients with type 1 and type 2 diabetes. Twelve studies were included, nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs), three before and three after studies. Pooling of the seven RCTs in type 1 diabetes showed that reducing protein intake did not reduce the rate of decline in kidney function. The results show that the level of protein intake appears to slightly slow the progression of kidney failure, but not statistically significantly so. We found no data on the effect of LPDs on quality of life and costs. Further longer-term research is necessary. Trials are required of different types of protein. Because of the variability amongst the patients, there might perhaps be a six month therapeutic trial in all individuals, with continuation only in those who responded best.
We found 19 studies involving 3480 people. Twelve studies were of good methodological quality and seven were of lower quality, according to the van Tulder scoring system. Within the subgroup of mainly mild brain injury, we found strong evidence that most people made a good recovery when appropriate information was given, without the need for additional specific interventions. For people with moderate to severe injury, there was evidence that more intensive programmes are associated with earlier functional gains, and that continuing outpatient therapy can help to sustain gains made in early post-acute rehabilitation. The context of multi-disciplinary rehabilitation also seems to influence outcomes. 'Strong evidence' supports the use of a milieu-oriented model for patients with severe brain injury. This is a model in which cognitive rehabilitation takes place in a therapeutic environment and involves a peer group of people. 'Limited evidence' shows that specialist in-patient rehabilitation and specialist multidisciplinary rehabilitation may provide additional functional gains. The balance between intensity and cost-effectiveness has yet to be determined. In the future, such questions will need to be considered alongside evidence gathered from large systematic cohort studies conducted in the context of routine practice. Not all questions in rehabilitation can be addressed by randomised controlled trials. For example, trial-based literature does not tell us which treatments work best for which patients, over the long term, and which models of service represent value for money.
We included one randomised controlled trial (involving 176 women) in this review. This trial compared rooming-in versus separate care (separate care) for full mother-infant separation. We combined the results of three of the groups (rooming-in) and the fourth group (the control group) as a pair-wise comparison. We found no difference found between the two groups in the proportion of infants who were exclusively breastfed at six months of age. The duration of any breastfeeding was not reported in the trial. The mean number of breastfeeds per day on day four postpartum was 8.3 for the roomed-in group, which was slightly higher than for the separate care group, i.e. seven times per day. The rate of exclusive breastfeeding was higher in the rooming in group 86% (99 of 115 women) compared with 45% (17 of 38) in the control group. None of our other pre-specified outcomes were reported. The evidence is current to September 2015. We rated the quality of the evidence as low for the duration of breastfeeding, duration of exclusive breastfeed, frequency of breastfeeding per day, and number of infants breastfed. The quality of evidence was downgraded because of the small number of women in the study and because the results were not consistent across the studies.
We found eight trials involving 660 participants. Seven of the eight studies were of poor quality. Follow-up time was less than one month in six trials. Only two trials provided data for the number of participants who died or were dependent on others at the end of 28 days of treatment, indicating a lower rate of death and dependency in the sanchi group. The total case fatality rate was lower than 1% indicating that people probably had mild strokes. Few adverse events were reported. Data were limited in respect to the risk of stroke recurrence and quality of life. Sanchi seems to be beneficial and safe for acute ischaemic stroke. However, the small sample and poor quality of the studies prevented a definite conclusion. More well-designed randomised controlled trials are required.
This review aimed to assess the benefits and disadvantages of the timing of implant placement in tooth extractions. Four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) could be included in the review. Two RCTs compared immediate versus delayed implants. One RCT compared immediate-delayed versus delayed implant placement. Two trials evaluated different methods of bone grafting. One trial evaluated the use of an artificial bone graft. There is not enough evidence to determine the possible advantages or disadvantages of either immediate, immediate- or delayed-placement of implants. There was a suggestion that implant placement timing may be at higher risks of implant failures and complications than for delayed implants but on the other hand the aesthetic outcome might be better when placing implants just after the teeth have been extracted.
We found two randomised controlled trials of clioquinol (PBT1) in people with mild Alzheimer's dementia. One trial compared PBT1 with placebo in 36 patients and 32 had sufficient data for analysis. There was no significant difference between the two groups in cognition at 36 weeks. One participant in the active treatment group developed neurological symptoms (impaired visual acuity and colour vision) which may have been attributable to the drug. In the second trial a younger drug, PBT2, was compared with placebo (a dummy drug) in 78 participants with mild dementia. There were no significant differences in cognition (as measured on the Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale (ADAS-Cog) or memory) between the groups at week 12. However, there was some evidence of improvement in executive function component tests of the NTB. The difference in least squares mean change from baseline was 0·27 (0·01 to 0·53). In the executive factor Z score, which is a test of executive function, the difference in the least squares average change from the start of the trial was 0.36 (0.50 to 13.23), respectively. The second trial showed that after 12 weeks this drug appeared to be safe and well tolerated. There is no significant effect on cognition on Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) or ADAS-cog scales. The planned phase III trial has been abandoned and this compound has been withdrawn from development. Larger trials are now required to demonstrate cognitive efficacy. We have some concerns about the quality of the study methodology; there was an imbalance in treatment and control groups after randomisation (participants in the treatment group had a higher mean pre-morbid IQ) and the secondary analyses of results stratified by baseline dementia severity.
We included 36 studies with 2999 participants. Trials were conducted for 14 weeks on average, with some as long as 12 months. Nineteen trials included children. PDE5 inhibitors appear to have clear beneficial effects in group 1 PAH. There was an increased risk of adverse events, especially headache, gastrointestinal upset, flushing, muscle pain and joint pain, but there was no evidence of a difference in the number of deaths. In those with PH-LHD, there was a small improvement of 27 metres in 6MWD using a combination of PDE- inhibitors and placebo compared to placebo, but this was due to lung disease. Further consideration should be made of the side-effect profile for each individual when choosing which drug to prescribe.
We included 22 trials involving a total of 2193 participants who received regional anaesthesia for hand, wrist, forearm or elbow surgery. In total the trials compared nerve stimulation with either single or double injection techniques. The evidence is current to September 2014. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, South Korea, Sweden and the United Kingdom. We included one new trial involving 45 participants in this updated review. This review provides evidence that multiple-injection techniques using nerve stimulation for axillary plexus block produce more effective anaesthesia than either double or single injection techniques, but there was insufficient evidence to draw any definitive conclusions regarding differences in other outcomes, including safety. Compared with multiple injections, the time for block performance was significantly shorter for single injection and double injections, however there was no difference in time to readiness for surgery. Tourniquet pain was significantly reduced with single injections compared with double injections. Otherwise there were no statistically significant differences between groups in any of the three comparisons on secondary analgesia failure, complications and patient discomfort.
We found three studies that evaluated the effects of beclomethasone for children with mild-moderate asthma. All three studies used a dry powder called Diskhaler. The average age of children in the studies ranged from 7 to 12 months. In all three studies, growth was significantly lower in children treated with the inhaled steroid beclomiphene 200 mcg twice daily compared to children who received placebo or non-steroidal asthma therapy. The mean decrease in growth was 1.54 cm per year. These studies lasted a maximum of 54 weeks, so it remains unclear whether the decrease in the growth rate is sustained or whether it reverses with 'catch up' after therapy is discontinued. We are unable to comment on growth effects of other inhaled steroids that have potentially less systemic effects. If inhaled corticosteroids are required to control a child's asthma, we recommend using the minimum dose that effectively controls the child’s asthma and closely following growth.
This review found that APD has not been shown to be superior to CAPD in terms of important clinical outcomes. However, APD may be considered advantageous in select group of patients, such as in the younger PD population and those in employment or education, due to its psychosocial advantages.
This review of 37 trials (9312 patients) found that CRT is superior to RT in terms of survival, progression-free survival (PFS) and progression/relapse. However, CRT seems to be better than RT for early stage (I-II) HD patients. For advanced stages (III to IV), CRT better prevents progression (IV) but CT alone seems to cause less SM.  Data were not sufficient to compare RT to CT.  RT alone gives a higher overall SM risk than CRT due to increased need for salvage therapy. Reduced SM risk after IF-RT instead of EF-RT was not demonstrated. This effect, also seen in AL and ST separately, was due directly to first-line treatment. Due to the large number of studies excluded because no IPD were received, to the inclusion of many outdated treatments and to the limited amount of long-term data, one must be cautious in applying these results to current therapies.
We found 26 studies with 27 treatment groups that enrolled a total of 4893 participants. Twenty five of the studies were case series or uncontrolled long-term trials, the other was an RCT comparing two opioids. Opioids were given orally (12 studies), transdermal (5 studies), or intrathecally (10 studies). Many participants discontinued due to side effects (oral: 22.9% [95% confidence interval (CI): 15.3% to 32.8%]; transdermally: 12.1% [ 95% CI: 4.9%) to 27.0%; intrathecal: 8.9%). The amount of pain relief varied among studies. Findings regarding quality of life and function were inconclusive. Many minor side effects, like nausea and headache, occurred, but serious side effects including iatrogenic opioid addiction, were rare. Signs of opioid addiction were reported in 0.27% of the people in the studies that reported that outcome. All three modes of administration were associated with significant reductions in pain, but the amount and type of pain reduction varied among the studies.
We found only one trial with a total of 212 participants, all with spinal cord injury and pressure ulcers. The participants were mainly male (98.2%, 106/108) and had a mean age of 58.4 (standard deviation 10.4) years. The trial compared oxandrolone (20 mg/day, administered orally) with a dose of placebo (an inactive substance consisting of 98% starch and 2% magnesium stearate) and reported data on the healing of ulcers and side effects. This trial was stopped early when the futility analysis (interim analysis) in the opinion of the study authors showed no benefit over the placebo for improving ulcer healing. We are not sure whether oxandolone increases or decreases the risk of serious side effects, pain, length of hospital stay, change in wound size or wound surface, incidence of different type of infection, cost of treatment and quality of life were not reported. We assessed the certainty of the evidence as very low. There was very low-certainty evidence on the relative effect of oxandroone on complete healing of pressure ulcer at the end of a 24-week treatment period. Thus, we are uncertain about the benefit or harm of the use of anabolic steroids for the treatment of pressure Ulcers. Of the five serious side events reported, none were related to treatment. The certainty of evidence was downgraded due to imprecision and indirectness due to the very wide range of results. We were unable to assess the quality of evidence due to lack of data. There is no high quality evidence to support the use in this review. Further well-designed, multicenter trials, at low risk of bias, are necessary in this is necessary, but careful consideration of the results of the current trial and its early termination are needed when planning future research. Overall, the evidence in this study was of very low quality.
We included six randomised controlled trials involving 8372 people. Four trials compared email communication to standard mail, and two compared it to usual care. All trials were judged to be of high risk of bias. There was no difference between email and standard mail for uptake of preventive screening. Results were inconclusive for patient or caregiver behaviours and actions. For email versus usual care, there was no significant difference between groups for patient health status and well-being. There were no data relating to healthcare professionals or harms. The evidence on the use of email for the prevention of disease and health promotion was weak, and therefore inadequate to guide clinical practice. The available trials mostly provide inconclusive, or no evidence, for the outcomes of interest in this review.
The review includes 11 trials involving 855 participants. A total of nine studies used the addition of postural restrictions as their modification of Epley manoeuvre. There was no evidence of a difference in the results for post-treatment vertigo intensity or subjective assessment of improvement in individual or pooled data. All nine trials included the conversion of a positive Dix-Hallpike test as an outcome measure. No serious adverse effects were reported. However, three studies reported minor complications (e.g. neck stiffness, horizontal BPPV, dizziness, and disequilibrium) in some patients. There is no evidence to support the routine application of mastoid oscillation, or of additional steps in an 'augmented' form of the manoeuvre, as neither treatment was found to be associated with adverse outcomes. There were no reports of side effects. The review found that postural restriction of the head of the neck (postural restrictions) may be effective in just under 80% of patients with 'typical' bPPV. The additional intervention has a number needed to treat (NNT) of 10.
This review included four studies with a total of 231 participants. The studies compared different types of surgery versus various types and doses of steroids and antibiotics. There were three comparison pairs: (1) endoscopic (surgical) sinus surgery versus systemic steroids (one study, 109 participants), (2) polypectomy (two studies, 87 participants), and (3) ESS plus topical steroid plus antibiotics plus high-dose topical steroid compared with antibiotics plus a high dose topical steroid. All participants also received steroids, but the doses and types were the same between the treatment arms of each study, except for the study using antibiotics. In that study, the medical treatment arm had higher doses than the surgical arm. In two studies, the authors failed to report the outcomes of interest. The quality of this evidence is low or very low. The evidence does not show that one type of surgery is better than another. Complications Complication rates were not reported in all studies, but rates of up to 21% for medical treatment and 14.3% for surgery are described. Epistaxis was the most commonly reported complication with both medical and surgical treatments, with severe complications reported rarely. As the overall evidence is of very low quality, it is not possible to draw any firm conclusions. Further research to investigate this problem is justified. The one positive finding from amongst the several studies examining a number of different comparisons must be treated with appropriate caution, in particular when the clinical significance of the measure is uncertain.
We included eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 709 participants. Seven were from middle-income countries of Asia, Africa, Europe, and Latin America. Four trials compared the effect of zinc-fortified staple foods with unfortified foods. The interventions lasted between one and nine months. We found that foods fortified with zinc increased the levels of zinc in the blood compared to foods without added zinc. We did not find a difference in serum or plasma zinc levels when compared with participants consuming the same foods with other nutrients/factors without zinc. There was no difference in the risk of underweight or stunting. There were no reported adverse effects of adding zinc to foods with zinc on indicators of iron or copper status. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. The evidence is up-to-date as of September 2018.
We included 11 studies involving 3060 men with metastatic prostate cancer. The evidence is current to September 2015. The review found that use of non-steroidal antiandrogen monotherapy compared with medical or surgical castration monotherapy for advanced prostate cancer is less effective in terms of overall survival, clinical progression, treatment failure and treatment discontinuation due to side effects. The risk of side effects, such as breast pain, gynaecomastia and hot flashes, was increased when men with advanced but non-metastatic disease were treated with antiandrogens monotherapy. The quality of evidence was rated as moderate for overall survival and clinical progression. Evidence quality was downgraded because of risk of bias in the included studies.
We found eight eligible trials that included 600,000 women in the analyses. Three trials with adequate randomisation did not show a reduction in breast cancer mortality at 13 years. Four trials with suboptimal randomisation showed a significant reduction. We found that breast cancer deaths was an unreliable outcome that was biased in favour of screening. We did not find an effect of screening on total cancer deaths, including breast cancer, or on all-cause mortality after 10 years. The use of radiotherapy was similarly increased in the screened groups. The number of lumpectomies and mastectomies were significantly larger in the screening groups. There was no difference in the use of chemotherapy. If we assume that screening reduces the risk of death from breast cancer by 15%, and that overdiagnosis and overtreatment is at 30%, we mean that for every 2000 women invited for screening throughout 10 years, one will avoid dying of breast cancer and 10 will be treated unnecessarily. This means that more than 200 women, who would not have been diagnosed if there had not been screening, will suffer psychological distress for years because of false positive findings. To help ensure that the women are fully informed before they decide whether or not to go for screening, we have written an evidence-based leaflet for lay people. The leaflet is available in several languages on www.cochrane.dk.
We included four studies, with a total of 522 women, in the review. Three studies investigated 10,000 units of hCG priming compared to no priming. One study investigated 20,000 unit hCG compared to the same amount of priming, and the fourth study investigated 400 women. All four studies included women with PCOS. One of these studies did not report outcomes per woman randomised, and so was not included in formal analysis. We found no conclusive evidence that priming had an effect on live birth, pregnancy, or miscarriage rates in IVM. The quality of the evidence was low. The main limitations were lack of blinding and imprecision. There was low quality evidence that suggested that hCG may reduce clinical pregnancy rates, however, these findings were limited by the small number of data included. We need further evidence from well-designed RCTs before we can come to definitive conclusions about the role of the priming drug and the best dose and timing. No data were available on side effects (other than miscarriage) or drug reactions.
The review of trials found that both ERT and HRT do not prevent cognitive decline when given as short term or longer term (up to five years) treatment. It is not known whether specific types of ERT or HRT have specific effects in subgroups of women, although there was some evidence that combined hormone therapy in similar-aged women was associated with a decrement in verbal memory tests and a small improvement in a test of figural memory. It remains to be determined whether factors such as younger age (< 60 years of age), type of menopause (surgical or natural) and type of treatment (type of estrogen with or without a progestagen, mode of delivery (transdermal, oral or intramuscular) and dose have positive effects at a clinically relevant level. In addition, whether the absence or presence of menopausal symptoms can change treatment effects should be investigated in more detail. Large RCTs currently underway in the USA may be able to provide answers to these questions by the year 2010. In the meantime, based on the available evidence, ERT/HRR cannot be recommended for overall cognitive improvement or maintenance in older postmenopausal women without cognitive impairment.
We included two studies with 880 participants. Both studies lasted 12 weeks. We identified one ongoing trial with planned recruitment of 80 participants. They were published as full articles, and neither study was at low risk of bias in all domains. We are uncertain whether once-daily ICS/LABA, combined in one inhaler, has a different effect profile compared to LAMA for treatment of people with COPD. The short follow-up period and the very low quality of evidence limit our confidence in the result and increase uncertainty. More trials of longer duration are needed.
We found four short-term studies that compared the effectiveness and safety of two different treatments for BDD: fluoxetine and clomipramine, and CBT. The results of these studies suggest that both drugs may be effective in the treatment of patients with BDD. Symptom severity was also reduced in the two CBT trials, as well as in the one CBT trial. A low relapse rate (4/22) was shown in one trial of CBT, and a low rate of relapse was observed in the other. The findings of this review need to be replicated. In addition, future studies in other samples, such as adolescents, and using other selective SRIs, are essential in supplementing the sparse data currently available. Results from the small number of available RCTs suggest that CBT and SRIs may be useful in treating BDD, but more research is needed to confirm these findings.
This review identified three trials that examined cotrimoxazole prophylaxis in adults with HIV/AIDS. These trials were conducted in the 1980s and involved a total of 268 adults with a previous history of mild or moderate hypersensitivity to the antiretroviral drug. In the small trials included in this review, when compared to a rechallenge protocol, cotsroxazine desensitization resulted in fewer treatment discontinuations and overall adverse reactions in HIV-infected patients. No severe hypersensitivity reactions occurred for either protocol in the three studies. Paediatric data and trials in resource-poor settings are urgently required. Further randomised controlled trials are also needed for the treatment of opportunistic infections, treating-through, and adjunctive medications, and different dosages and durations of treatment. This plain language summary was adapted by the review authors from a summary originally written by Ben Gray, Senior Peer Researcher, McPin Foundation (mcpin.org/).
We included in the review three trials enrolling 148 neonates. We identified no new trials for this update. We considered these trials to be of moderate quality according to GRADE assessment. Using different sedation scales, each study showed a higher sedation level in the midazolam group than in the placebo group. However, none of the scales used have been validated in preterm infants; therefore, we could not ascertain the effects of midazolate in this population. Duration of NICU stay was longer in the neonate group (two studies, 89 infants). One study (43 infants) showed lower Premature Infant Pain Profile (PIPP) scores in the group of infants who received midazoleam compared with the dextrose (placebo) group. Another study (46 infants) observed a higher incidence of adverse neurological events at 28 days' postnatal age (death, grade I or IV IVH or PVL) in the morphine group (one study, 46 infants). We considered the quality of the evidence to be moderate for all outcomes except for PIPP, which was of low quality. Data are insufficient to promote the use of intravenous (injected into the vein or into a vein) midazoledam as a sedative for neonates undergoing intensive care.
We found 12 trials involving 767 participants. There was no evidence of benefit for antibiotics in NTS diarrhoea in otherwise healthy people. A slightly higher number of adverse events were noted in the people who received antibiotic treatment for NTS. We are uncertain of the effects in very young people, very old people, and in people with severe and extraintestinal disease.
We included 23 studies (n = 4192) in this review. Twenty studies that were available as conference proceedings only are awaiting classification. The studies were heterogeneous in terms of age, gender, main diagnosis, setting, country, sepsis criteria, year of publication, and the origin of infection. We considered all studies to be at high risk of bias, due to issues related to issues with the test domain in QUADAS-2. The results of the review should be interpreted with caution. We found 23 studies that tested the accuracy of interleukin-6 for the diagnosis of sepsIS in critically ill adults. These studies were of variable quality. We could not combine the results of individual studies due to the wide variation in the way the studies were conducted. We calculated that if we test a cohort of 1000 adult patients under suspicion, we will find that 330 patients would be wrongly considered to have septic shock, while 130 would not be wrongly diagnosed. In addition, 370 out of 1000 patients would avoid unnecessary antibiotic therapy, and 170 patients would have been undiagnosed. The quality of the evidence was graded as moderate to low. The conclusions of this review will likely change once the 20 studies are fully published and included in the review.
We included 29 randomised controlled trials (5718 participants) in this review. Four trials compared wound dressings with no wound dressing. The remaining 25 studies compared alternative dressing types, with the majority comparing a basic wound contact dressing with film dressings, silver dressings or hydrocolloid dressings. The review contains 11 comparisons in total. The evidence is current to September 2015. We are uncertain whether covering surgical wounds healing by primary intention (wound exposure) reduces or increases the risk of SSI compared with alternative options investigated: we assessed the certainty of evidence as very low for most comparisons (and low for others), with downgrading (according to GRADE criteria) largely due to risk of bias and imprecision. We summarise the results of comparisons with meta-analysed data below. It is uncertain whether wound exposure or any dressing reduces the risk for SSI, or whether any particular wound dressing is more effective than others in reducing the risk, improving scarring, reducing pain, improving acceptability to patients, or is easier to remove. There was limited and low or very low certainty evidence on secondary outcomes such as scarring and acceptability of dressing and ease of removal, and uncertainty whether wound dressing influenced these outcomes. Most of the studies included small numbers of participants and were often not clearly reported. The overall quality of the evidence was very low.
We included two randomised controlled trials. One trial compared oral 100 microgram (µg) selenium yeast tablets with placebo (dummy tablets) in 179 women. The other trial compared docosahexanoic acid (DHA), eicosapentaenoic acid and EPA with a placebo. Eighty-three women were randomised to each arm of the trial. There was a high risk of attrition bias due to a large proportion of women withdrawing from the study or not completing an EPDS. The women who discontinued the intervention (five in the EPA arm, four in the DHA arm and seven in the placebo arm) were included in the analysis, while those who were lost to follow-up were not. The trial randomised 126 women to three arms: 42 were allocated to EPA, 42 to DHA, and 42 to placebo. There were no differences in the effect on postnatal depression when EPA was compared with DHA. No benefit or significant effect was found in terms of the presence of major depressive disorder at six to eight weeks postpartum, the number of women who commenced antidepressants, maternal estimated blood loss at delivery or admission of the newborn to the neonatal intensive care unit. This included study did not report on any of the other outcomes of this review. There is not enough evidence to be able to draw any conclusions about the effectiveness of supplements or placebo in preventing postnatal depressive symptoms.
We identified 11 studies that evaluated different durations of anthracycline infusion. Seven studies evaluated different peak doses of the drug (e.g. 60 mg/m2 or more) and 4 evaluated different doses of different doses (5280 participants). The majority of participants in these studies were adults with solid tumours. We found that an infusion duration of six hours or longer reduces the risk of clinical heart failure, and it seems to reduce the risks of subclinical heart damage. We did not find a difference in the occurrence of heart failure in people treated with a peak dose of less than 60 mg or more, but we cannot be sure about this due to the small number of studies. We could not find any evidence about the effect of different peak dose durations on cardiotoxicity. There is a need for more high-quality research in this area.
We included 37 studies with a total of 3110 participants in this review. Most studies included both adults and children with TBI. The duration of hypothermia therapy and the duration of follow-up in the studies varied between studies. The studies were generally poorly reported and we were not able to assess risk of bias adequately. Thirty-three studies reported on death, 31 studies reported unfavourable outcomes (death, being in a coma, being unable to get out of bed or being in bed) and 14 studies reported pneumonia. We did not pool these data for meta-analysis. The quality of the evidence was very low for all outcomes. The main reasons for this were poor reporting of study methods and small numbers of studies. Further research, which is method robust, is needed in this field to establish the effect of low-thermia therapy for TBI patients.
We found three studies, involving 519 people with depression. The studies were very diverse in terms of interventions, participants, and measuring instruments used to measure depression. Despite the generally good quality of the studies, and the positive findings of some studies, there was not enough evidence to draw any conclusions on the effectiveness of family therapy in the treatment of depression. At this point, use of psychological treatments for depression for which there is already an evidence-base would seem to be preferable.
This review included three trials involving a total of 206 participants with vascular dementia. All trials were assessed as being at high risk of bias. All three included trials described the adverse effects of Duxil in detail. There were no data on behaviour at the end of treatment and follow-up. Due to the low methodological quality of the trials, small number of trials and probable publication bias, this review did not provide sufficient evidence to support the routine use of duxil for the treatment of patients with dementia. High-quality trials are needed to confirm or refute these results.
We found seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) including 960 participants. The quality of the trials was generally low, with several studies at risk of bias, and no studies used blinding during treatment or outcome assessment. The OR for seroma formation was 0.46 (95% CI 0.23 to 0.91, P = 0.03). There was a high level of statistical variation between the studies, which reduces the reliability of the evidence. There was no significant difference in the incidence of lymphoedema, with only six instances reported. The mean difference in length of hospital stay was 1.47 days greater in the drained population. A mean difference of 0.79 fewer postoperative seroma aspirations was found in the drains population. There were no significant differences in infection rates between the two groups. No significant difference was noted in the volume of seroma aspiration, nor was any difference in haematoma (a blood clot in the arm) observed. The number of post-operative haemorrhage aspirations was reported in two trials, but there were only five instances of this. There is limited quality evidence that insertion of a drain reduces the odds of developing a seroma and reduces the number of pre-operative aspiration aspirations. These benefits should be balanced against an increased length of time spent in hospital.
We found eight studies with 390,769 participants. Five studies used a prospective cohort design, two were case-control studies and one was a randomised controlled trial (RCT). The evidence for total flavonoid intake and the risk of colorectal neoplasms was conflicting. The results form the studies assessing the effects of flavonoids on coloreCTs were contradictory. There was no evidence to suggest that high intake of procyanidin, phytoestrogen or high anthocyanin had an inverse association with adenomas. For Flavan-3-ols, there was some evidence that increased intake of Flavan 3-ols was associated with a lower risk of colon cancer and adenoma. A statistically significant reduced risk of CRC was found with the use of epicatechin. There is insufficient and conflicting evidence regarding the effect of flavons on the prevention of colon cancers. More evidence is needed. It is difficult to determine the beneficial or harmful effects of different flavons. The quality of the evidence for Isoflavones, Flavonols, and Flavones and Flavanones was mixed.
We included seven trials with a total of 1369 participants. Five trials used our first definition of slow responders, and three other trials (including one that used both definitions) used the second definition. All trials had high risk of bias. None of the included trials mentioned our primary outcomes. However, we found that extending the treatment period from 48 weeks to 72 weeks increased the number of patients who had a sustained virological response. The number of people who relapsed was lower in the groups that had been treated for 72 weeks. The length of treatment did not affect the adherence to treatment. In the single trial that reported side effects, no significant difference was seen between the two treatment groups. There was no reporting on deaths and the reporting of clinical outcomes and side effects was insufficient. More data are needed in order to recommend or reject the use of extended treatment for slow responders. The observed effects can be due to both systematic error (bias) and random errors (play of chance).
We found only two studies that met the inclusion criteria of this systematic review. Both studies (34 participants) evaluated the diagnostic test accuracy of EUS in people with pancreatic cancers. There was low concerns about applicability for most domains. The overall risk of bias was low in one study and unclear or high in the second study. The mean probability of the cancer getting worse after CT scan was 60.5% in both studies. This means that 61 out of 100 people who had cancer that had not been surgically resected on CT scan had to have it surgically removed on laparotomy. At the mean pre-test probability (before the test), the post-test percentage of people with a positive EUS was 86.9% (that is 61 people with cancer that did not get worse after the CT scan). At the pre- test probability (after the test) 20% of people (5% to 53%) of people had a negative EUS (EUS indicating that the cancer was still there) and after the test 20.0% of them had cancer. Based on two small studies, there is significant uncertainty in the utility of the EUS test for people with pancreas cancer found to have resectable disease. There is no evidence to suggest that it should be performed routinely. No studies have assessed EUS for people who have pancreatic cancer or periampullary cancer.
This review identified 34 studies (2169 participants with blepharitis) that compared medical interventions and commercial products with each other. There is no strong evidence for any of the treatments in terms of curing chronic blepharyngitis. Topical antibiotics (e.g. topical steroids and oral antibiotics) were shown to provide some symptomatic relief and were effective in eradicating bacteria from the eyelid margin. Lid hygiene (such as warm compresses, eyelid washing, and eyelid margins) may provide symptomatic symptom relief for anterior and posterior blephARitis. The effectiveness of other treatments, such as topical steroids or oral antibiotics, were inconclusive. Commercial products are marketed to consumers and prescribed to patients without any evidence of effectiveness. Further research is needed to evaluate the effectiveness of such treatments. It is important that patients be followed for at least one year to assess long-term outcomes. Any randomised controlled trials (RCTs) designed for this purpose should be patient-centered and measure outcomes of interest and should separate participants by type of condition in order to minimize imbalances (type I errors) and to achieve statistical power (prevent type II errors).
We included one trial with a total of 23 participants. This study was at high risk of bias. None of our primary outcomes were measured and only one of our secondary outcomes (reduction in volume of disease) was measured. There was no significant difference between the groups. Adverse effects reported included swelling of the airway in one child with severe RRP, requiring intubation, a few hours after photodynamic therapy. There is not enough evidence from randomised controlled trials to be able to determine whether photodynamic therapies alter the course of disease or add an added benefit to surgery in patients with recurrent respiratory papillomatosis. More research is needed.
We identified 42 studies with 4220 participants. Twenty studies provided accuracy data based on the number of individual participants. Sixteen of these studies evaluated the accuracy of CDUS. These studies were generally of moderate to low quality. In six (40%) of the studies, the delay between the tests was unclear or longer than four weeks. In eight (50%), the blinding of either CDUS or the reference standard was not clearly reported. In two studies (12%), the interpretation of the reference test was not clear. Eleven studies evaluated whether CDUS was better than CDUS for identifying endoleaks. The studies were of better quality than the CDUS studies. Five (45%) studies fulfilled all the QUADAS items; four (36%) did not report clearly the blinding interpretation of reference standard; and two (18%) studies did not clearly report how long it took for the two tests to be completed. Based on the bivariate model, we found that CDUS is superior to CDUS in terms of sensitivity. The improvement in sensitivity with of contrast use was significant. When regression testing was applied to the individual based CE-CDUS studies, none of the items, namely the study design, quality, and age, were identified as a source of heterogeneity. When the studies published before 2006 were compared with those published in 2006 or later, the studies judged to be low/unclear quality provided higher estimates in sensitivity. In an endoleak surveillance programme, CDUS can be introduced as a routine diagnostic modality, followed by CT scan, only when the ultrasound is positive. This review shows that both ultrasound modalities (with or without contrast) showed high specificity.
We found seven studies, with 766 participants, which compared sterile water with saline water, subcutaneous (under the skin) injections, or both. The evidence is current to September 2015. The studies were of good methodological quality, but four studies were at high risk of bias due to small size of treatment groups, incomplete outcome data, and performance bias. All studies reported on low back pain in labour only. The results showed that women treated with sterile water had greater pain relief than women given saline water. There was no significant difference between sterile water and saline for rates of caesarean section, instrumental delivery, rescue analgesia, timing of delivery, or Apgar scores. No study reported on women's satisfaction with pain relief, women's sense of control in labour, women’s satisfaction with the childbirth experience, mother/baby interaction, rates of breastfeeding, maternal morbidity, infant long-term outcomes, or cost. No adverse events were reported other than transient pain with injection, which was worse with the sterile water. The outcomes reported severely limit conclusions for clinical practice. We found little robust evidence that sterile water is effective for low back or any other labour pain. Neither did we find any difference in delivery or other maternal or fetal outcomes. Further large, methodologically rigorous studies are required to determine the efficacy of sterile water to relieve pain during labour.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials with a total of 1932 participants that compared glue with sutures for mesh fixation in Lichtenstein hernia repair. The evidence is current to August 2015. The studies were conducted in the USA, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Sweden, the UK and the United Kingdom. We found that glue reduced chronic pain by 37% compared with suture. However, the results changed when we compared the type of mesh. Subgroup analysis of included studies using lightweight mesh showed the reduction of chronic pain was less profound and insignificant (OR 0.77, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.50 to 1.17). However, we found a significant benefit from the fixation with glue. Hernia recurrence was similar between the two groups. Fixation with glue was superior to suture regarding duration of the operation, haematoma, and recovery time to daily activities. We also investigated adverse events. There were no significant differences between the groups for superficial wound infection, deep infection, and persisting numbness. Finally, six trials involving 1009 participants reported postoperative length of stay, resulting in non-significant difference between two groups (MD 0.12 and 0.35 to 0.10) Due to the lack of data, it was impossible to draw any distinction between synthetic glue and biological glue. Eight out of 12 trials showed high risk of bias in at least one of the investigated domains. Two studies were quasi-randomised controlled studies and the allocation sequence of one trial was not concealed. Nearly half of the included trials either did not provide adequate information or had high-risk of bias regarding blinding processes. Two trials did not report on some important outcomes. One study was funded by the manufacturer producing the fibrin sealant. Therefore, according to the 'Summary of findings' tables, the quality of the evidence (GRADE) for the outcomes is moderate to low. Based on the short-term results,
We found 32 studies addressing technical editing and 66 surveys of reference accuracy. Only three of the studies were randomised controlled trials. There is some evidence that the 'package' of technical editing used by biomedical journals does improve papers. However, there is also evidence that a substantial number of reference articles are cited or quoted inaccurately.
We included 15 studies including 721 participants with cancer pain due to diverse types of cancer. All studies were performed on adults; there were no studies on children. There were no data for children. The studies were small, of short duration, and most had significant shortcomings in reporting. We found that codeine is more effective against cancer pain than placebo, but with an increased risk of nausea, vomiting, and constipation. Uncertainty remains as to how long the effect lasts, and how well the drug works in longer term use. The included studies were of good methodological quality, but all except for one were at a high risk of bias because of small study size, and six because of methods used to deal with missing data or high drop-out rates.
This review identified 12 trials of 563 people with HbSS, HbSC or HbSβthal, aged six to 35 years old. The majority of participants were African-American. Interventions ranged from a total of one hour to weekly sessions for eight weeks. The duration of the interventions ranged from eight weeks to 12 months. Four trials (160 participants) assessed the effects of educational programs on patient knowledge, and one trial (20 families) assessed caregiver knowledge. There was evidence that patients' knowledge of sickle cell disease improved by 0.87 points (range 0.28 to 1.45) when a trial with high bias was removed from the analysis. Caregiver knowledge, reported in a single trial of 20 families, also showed an improvement, but this improvement was sustained for longer than for patients. However, the effect on knowledge was small and whether it offers clinical benefit is uncertain. There were no data on coping, family relationships or health-related quality of life. The quality of evidence was low for positive coping, and moderate for child knowledge, healthcare utilization and depression. With regard to the review's other outcomes, depression showed a significant decline in the intervention groups, but there was no evidence of an effect on the use of health services. Adherence to treatment was not assessed in any of the identified trials. No effects of interventions were seen on coping or family relationships. No data were reported for patients or caregivers (or both) recognising signs and symptoms leading to self-management. The overall risk of bias in the included trials was low. This means that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the results and may change the estimates. To better study effects on outcomes, further studies are needed with rigorous attention given to improve recruitment and retention and to decrease bias. Predetermined protocols should be used across multiple sites.
We included six randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with 2411 participants. All six studies included adult participants between 16 and 80 years old, and all studies were of short duration. The duration of treatment ranged from 7 to 16 weeks. Only one study included participants with both focal (head-to-head) and generalised onset seizures. The other five trials included people with focal onset seizures only. The evidence is current to August 2016. The review found that people taking brivaracetam with other drugs were more likely to experience a 50% or greater reduction in seizure frequency than those taking placebo. They were also more likely than people taking placebo to achieve seizure freedom. The incidence of treatment withdrawal for any reason, as well as the risk of participants experiencing one or more adverse events, was not significantly different following treatment with brivar acetam compared to placebo. However, people taking add-on bribaracetam did appear to be significantly more likely due to adverse events to withdraw from treatment specifically because of adverse events compared with those receiving placebo. It is important to note that only one of the eligible studies included people who had generalised epilepsy. None of the studies included participants under the age of 16. Consequently, these findings are mainly applicable to adult patients with drug-resistant focal epilepsy. Future research should thus focus on investigating the tolerability and efficacy of brivarapeam during longer-term follow-up, and should also assess the efficacy and tolerability of add-up brivaractam in managing other types of seizures and its use in other age groups. We judged two studies to have low risk of bias, and four to have unclear risk. One study failed to provide details on the method used for allocation concealment, and one did not report all outcomes prespecified in the trial protocol. Another study did not describe how blinding was maintained, and another noted discrepancies in reporting. The quality of
We included 38 studies, mostly from high-income countries, many of which explored mothers' perceptions of vaccine communication. Some studies focused on the MMR vaccine. In general, parents wanted more information than they were getting. Lack of information led to parents' worry and regret about vaccination decisions. Parents wanted balanced information about vaccination benefits and harms, presented clearly and simply, and tailored to their situation (high confidence). Parents wanted vaccination information to be available at a wider variety of locations (low confidence) and in good time before each vaccination appointment. Parents viewed health workers as a key source of information and had specific expectations of their interactions with them. Poor communication, negative relationships with health workers, and parents' perception of health worker motives may have impacted on vaccination decisions (moderate confidence). Some parents found it difficult to know which vaccination information source to trust, and it was challenging to find information they felt was unbiased and balanced (high certainty). The amount of information parents wanted and the sources they felt could be trusted appeared to be linked to more parents' acceptance of vaccination (low to moderate confidence). Most of the studies addressed at least one or two key aspects of communication, such as the provision of information prior to vaccination, and tailoring information to the parents' needs. None of the interventions appeared to respond to negative media stories, or address parents' perceptions that health workers had ulterior motives. Overall, we have high or moderate confidence in the results of this review. More research is needed, especially in low- to middle-income country settings.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials, with a total of 599 anorexia nervosa participants. Two of the 10 trials included children. Seven had been identified in the previous version of this review and we now include three new trials. We now deem one previously identified ongoing trial to be ineligible, and we have six ongoing trials for this update. The results suggest that treatment as usual (TAU), when delivered by a non-eating-disorder specialist or similar, may be less effective than focal psychodynamic therapy. This was suggested for a primary outcome of achievement of a good or intermediate outcome on the Morgan and Russell Scale. However, there were no differences between cognitive analytic therapy and TAU for this outcome. There was no difference between TAU and body mass index (BMI). There were also no differences in the dropout rates between individual psychotherapists or non-specific specialist therapies. Two trials found that an Optimised TAU, delivered by therapists with eating disorder expertise, was similar to cognitive behaviour therapy. Dietary advice as a control arm had a 100% non-complete rate in one trial. None of the trials identified any side effects. The evidence was of very low quality. The main limitations of the evidence were the small sample sizes and the small number of participants in the trials. Larger, better designed trials with longer treatment duration and follow-up are needed.
The review included 516 participants from three randomised controlled trials. One study was conducted in the USA and consisted of two trials: the first trial randomized 151 adults to receive silicone oil or sulfur hexafluoride (SF6) gas tamponades; and the second trial, which had 271 adults, randomized 94 participants to receive heavy silicone oil (perfluropropane (F6H8) and silicone oil) or standard silicone oil. Both trials were funded by the National Eye Institute. The third trial was a multi-centre international trial and randomized 271 adults (age range not specified) to receive either perfluro propane gas (C3F8) or silicone oil, or both. In participants with RD associated with PVR, outcomes after Pars plana vitrectomy and infusion of silicone oil were comparable for a range of cases. There were no major differences between silicone oil and perfluoropropane gas in terms of achieving at least 5/200 visual acuity at one year or achieving macular attachment. The first two trials did not perform any sample size calculation or power detection. In the third trial, the power of 80% to detect differences was not shown to be sufficient to detect any difference between the two groups. Of the 94 participants, four died, 26 had recurrent retinal detachment, 22 had glaucoma, four developed cataract, and two had capsular fibrosis. All three trials appear to be free of bias. None of the trials employed masking of participants and surgeons, and only the third did not mask outcome assessors. The trials were of high quality. The use of either perfluorohexyloctane (PVR) gas or perfluorosilic acid appears reasonable for most patients with RD. The choice of a tamponade agent should be individualized for each patient. There was no evidence of any major differences in the outcomes between the groups of participants who received silicone
We included five randomised controlled trials (involving 1819 women) in this review. There was a lower risk of maternal deaths and severe morbidity for women randomised to receive planned early delivery. There were no clear differences between the groups based on our subgroup analysis by gestational age, or gestational week or condition. There is no clear difference between groups for caesarean section or in the length of hospital stay for the mother or for the baby after delivery. The level of evidence was graded high (composite maternal mortality and morbidity), moderate (careful management of the mother and baby), low (care of the baby) and low (quality of life). Where the evidence was downgraded, it was mostly due to the confidence intervals being wide, crossing both the line of no effect (no effect) and appreciable benefit or harm (harm). For women suffering from high blood pressure disorders after 34 weeks, planned early birth is associated with less maternal morbidity and mortality. However, this is based on limited data (from two trials) assessing all hypertensive disorders as one group. We did not have enough information to be able to draw any conclusions about the effects on the combined outcome of infant deaths or severe illness. We also found that early birth was associated with a higher risk of higher levels of respiratory distress syndrome, and NICU admission. No clear difference was found between groups in the number of women who had a caesarian section, length of time spent in hospital after delivery, or the duration of stay in the hospital. The evidence was of moderate quality. No studies tried to blind participants or clinicians to which group they were assigned to. This could have introduced bias as women and staff would have been aware of the intervention, and this may have affected aspects of care and decision making. Two fairly large, well-designed trials with overall low risk of bias contributed the majority of the evidence. Other studies were at low or unclear risk of
We found six studies (including 142 participants) comparing three-times-a-week prophylactic treatment with on-demand treatment in children with hemophilia. There is strong evidence from these studies to support the use of pre-treatment with clotting factor concentrates to prevent bleeding and joint bleeds in children and adults. The number of patients with preserved joints after three to seven years of follow-up was not pooled due to differences in the results of the studies. There was not enough evidence from randomised controlled trials to confirm the observational evidence from observational studies to confirm that pre-treatments reduce bleeding in patients with existing joint damage. Non-significant increases in both inhibitor and infectious complications, which occurred more often when using long-term venous access, were observed.
We included 13 studies in this review. In total, 13 trials involving 1824 participants met the inclusion criteria for this review, however, data in usable format were only available in 10 trials (732 participants). We were unable to pool data for any of the outcomes due to the differences between the studies. Eight studies aimed to induce remission; overall survival did not differ significantly between treatment groups. In two out of three studies reporting survival, this was substantial, but the difference was not statistically significant. Five studies attempted to maintain remission. This review shows a preference in more recent studies for less aggressive care options for treatment of BL. However, the evidence for the relative effectiveness of treatments to treat BL is not strong as studies were small, underpowered and prone to both systematic and random error.
This review found two studies involving 447 (with sample sizes of 14 and 432) RhD negative women. The studies compared IM and IV administration of anti-D prophylaxis. In both studies the women received a 1500 IU (300 microgram) dose of Rhophylac during week 28 of gestation. There was no incidence of RhD alloimmunization, as the sample size was not large enough for meaningful comparison of this outcome. One of the studies found that the mean IgG levels after IV and IM administration differed up to seven days (36.1 (2.6) ng/mL IV; 19.8 (8.7) ng/mL IM on day seven). However, the average IgG concentrations from two to three weeks post-administration, the concentrations were similar for both routes of administration. None of the women involved in the studies developed antibodies to the RhD antigen. The choice of the route of administration will depend on the available preparations, the dose and also on the patients' preferences.
This review included eight studies with a total of 21,379 patients with diabetes. Three studies compared ticlopidine to aspirin or placebo, five studies compared clopidogrel to aspirin, and five studies combined the two drugs with aspirin and dipyridamole. The mean duration of follow-up ranged from 365 days to 913 days. All trials included patients with previous CVD, except the CHARISMA trial which included patients who had multiple risk factors for CVD. Overall the risk of bias of the trials was low. There were no data available from any of the studies on death from any cause, heart attack or stroke. Data for diabetes patients were only available for one trial (355 patients). This trial did not show any statistically significant differences for death due to any cause (all-cause mortality, blood clots in the arteries or heart attack), death from vascular disease (vascular disease) or death from heart attack. Data on stroke were available in three trials (31% of total diabetes patients). Overall pooling of two (statistically heterogeneous) studies showed no reduction in the combination of the number of fatal and non-fatal stroke (359/3194 versus 356/3146 (11.3%) versus random effects odds ratio (OR) of 0.81; 95% CI 0.44 to 1.49) for ADP receptor antagonists versus other antiplatelet drugs. None of the included studies reported any data on peripheral vascular disease, health-related quality of life, adverse events specifically for people with diabetes, or costs. The available evidence for the use of ADPs for the prevention of CVD in patients with CVD is limited. Most trials do not report the outcomes for patients with and without diabetes separately.
We included ten trials with a total of 191 participants. Seven trials evaluated single treatment sessions, one evaluated a two-week intervention, and one evaluated six weeks. One trial evaluated a three-month intervention. Most of the trials had a low risk of bias with regard to incomplete outcome data and selective reporting. The six-week trial was the only one judged to have a low-risk of bias. The other trials were judged to be of unclear quality. Three trials (151 people) evaluated non-invasive ventilation for airway clearance compared with an alternative chest physiotherapy method (e.g. the active cycle of breathing techniques). Three trials used nasal masks, one used a nose mask or mouthpiece and one trial used a face mask. Three of these trials reported on one of the review's main outcomes (quality of life). Results for the other two outcomes showed that people with cystic fibrosis may find airway clearing easier when they use nasal masks or face masks. We were not able to find any evidence that using a nasal mask increases sputum expectoration, but it did improve some lung function parameters. Three other trials (27 people) compared non-inspective ventilation for overnight ventilatory support (using nasal masks) to oxygen or room air. Two trials (two trials) reported on two of the reviews primary outcomes. Results showed that they measured lung function, gas exchange, adherence to treatment, and nocturnal transcutaneous carbon dioxide. Due to the small numbers of participants and problems with the way the trials were carried out, there were discrepancies in the results between the RevMan and the original trial analyses. No clear differences were found between the two groups of people in terms of exercise performance, except for exercise performance which improved with non- invasive ventilation compared to room air over six weeks, which was reported in one trial (13 people). The trial did not report on exercise capacity. We did not find any clear differences between non-
We included seven studies on 245 people with stable COPD in this review. We found that NIPPV at home had no consistent effect on gas exchange, exercise tolerance, health-related quality of life, lung function, lung muscle strength or sleep efficiency. We could not exclude an effect on six-minute walking distance (6MWD), blood gases or lung function. The mean effect on 6MWD was small at 27.7 m and the difference was not statistically significant. However, the small number of people in these studies preclude a definite conclusion regarding the effects of NIPPVs.
We included four trials, involving 1190 women. Induction of labour for suspected macrosomia has not been shown to reduce the risk of caesarean section or instrumental delivery. There was no clear effect of induction of labour on the rate of brachial plexus rupture. There were no clear differences between groups for other outcomes, such as the number of babies with low blood pressure, low blood flow to the brain, asphyxia, low birthweight babies, or low arterial cord blood pH (low blood pressure). Birthweight was lower in the induction group, but there was considerable variation between studies for this outcome. In one study with data for 818 women, third- and fourth-degree (perineal) tears were more common in women who had been induced. The results of this review suggest that to prevent one fracture or birth fracture, women would need to be induced for 60 women to have one baby with a baby that would be born with either a fracture or a birth fracture. The evidence was of high quality. The main limitations of the review were lack of blinding of women and staff, and imprecision of the effect estimates. Also, antenatal estimates of the baby's weight are often inaccurate. Many women may be worried unnecessarily, and many inductions may not be needed. However, induction results in a lower mean birthweight, and fewer birth fractures, and less shoulder dystocia. Inducing labour at or near term for babies suspected to be macrosomic does not seem to alter the rate for caesarian section and instrumental delivery, and does not appear to reduce birth fractures or the risk for the baby to be born without a baby's head stuck in the chest. The trials did not show a clear difference in the risk that the baby had a pneumatic ventricle (brachial muscle) injury, but the power of the included studies to show a difference for such a rare event is limited.
We identified 159 randomised clinical trials with 95,286 participants. The age of participants ranged from 18 to 107 years. Most trials included women older than 70 years. The mean proportion of women was 77%. Forty-eight of the trials randomly assigned 94,491 healthy participants. Of these, four trials included healthy volunteers, nine trials included postmenopausal women and 35 trials included older people living on their own or in institutional care. The remaining eight trials included 795 people with neurological, cardiovascular, respiratory or rheumatoid diseases. All trials were conducted in high-income countries. Vitamin D was given for a weighted mean of 4.4 years. More than half of the studies had a low risk of bias (that is, there was a low chance that the results would be biased in favour of one of the intervention groups). Forty-five trials (80%) reported the baseline vitamin D status of people based on serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels. Participants in 19 trials had vitamin D levels at or above 20 ng/mL, and in the remaining 26 trials (17%) people had insufficient vitamin D to live on. The risk of death from any cause was decreased in all 56 trials (12.5% to 12.7%) analysed together (5,920/47,472 (11.0%) vs 6,077/47-814 (12%). Vitamin D decreased the risk of dying from any causes in all trials analysed together, but the effect of vitamin D on mortality was not statistically significant (4,153/37,817 (11%) vs 4,340/38,110 (11%). We did not find any difference between vitamin D2, calcitriol or alfacalcidol in terms of death. The combined risk of nephrolithiasis was increased with vitamin D3 combined with calcium (1.17 (95% CI 1.02 to 1.34) compared with placebo (0.
The review of trials found that three drugs (fluoxetine, orlistat, and sibutramine) can help people with type 2 diabetes to lose weight. These drugs can be taken for 12 to 57 weeks and can help to reduce the amount of weight people gain over that time. The effects of these drugs on long-term health are uncertain. There is no information on other drugs for weight loss or control.
We included five studies involving a total of 734 participants in this review. We assessed only one study as good quality and the other four as poor quality. However, it was difficult to combine the results of these studies because not all studies reported the same outcomes. No significant differences were seen between VGB and CBZ in terms of time to treatment withdrawal and time to achieve six-month remission, but results did show that VGB was associated with a disadvantage for VGB on time to first seizure. Compared with CBZ, VGB caused more occurrences of weight gain and skin rash and drowsiness. No differences in visual field defects and visual disturbances were noted. We conclude that, given the high prevalence of vision field defects in an existing systematic review (Maguire 2010), VGB should not be prescribed with caution for epilepsy. If necessary, the visual field should be frequently assessed. Future research should focus on investigating the reasons for visual field problems and explore potential prevention strategies. Moreover, future monotherapy studies should report results according to the recommendations of the International League Against Epilepsy (ILAE) Commission, and the quality of the included studies should be improved.
We found four randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared plerixafor with placebo or no treatment. Two of these trials (600 participants) were completed but did not report their results. The remaining two trials evaluated 600 participants with non-Hodgkin lymphoma. In both trials, participants were randomly assigned to receive G-CSF plus plerxafor or placebo. In one trial, the participants were randomised to receive either plerizafor plus a placebo (a pretend treatment) or to receive a placebo plus a standard treatment. The results of the analyses showed no evidence for differences between the groups in terms of survival and adverse events at 12 months. However, there was high-quality evidence that more stem cell collection was achieved in the group of participants who received plersafor compared to the placebo group. The two trials included in the meta-analysis, both of which were conducted by the Genzyme Corporation, the company that makes plersasone, were published several times. Two more trials (nine and five participants, respectively) were terminated early. Another RCT with 100 participants was recently completed, but has not yet published the results. Due to the unpublished RCTs, it is possible that our review is biased due to the lack of publication bias, even though two of the trials failed to recruit a sufficient number of participants to analyse any data.
This review included 23 trials involving 1806 women. All of the trials were small, and in many the quality was hard to judge. Outcome measures differed between trials, making the results difficult to combine. Some trials reported high drop-out rates with both cone and comparison treatments. Seven trials were published only as abstracts. We found that weighted vaginal cones are better than no treatment in women with SUI. Cones may be as effective as pelvic floor muscle training (PFT) and electrostimulation, but the confidence intervals were wide. There was not enough evidence to show that cones plus PFMT was better than either cones alone or PFMT alone. Only seven trials used a quality of life measure, and no study looked at economic outcomes. Seven out of the 23 trials recruited women with symptoms of incontinence, while the others required women with urodynamic stress (where urine leaks out through the urethra). Most of the included trials were of poor quality, and the results of the review should be treated with caution until larger, high-quality trials, that use comparable and relevant outcomes, are completed.
This review examined the effects of interventions on TTR in AF patients receiving OAT. Eleven trials with a total of 2246 AF patients (ranging from 14 to 712 by study) were included. Studies included education, decision aids, and self-monitoring plus education interventions. The overall quality of the evidence was very low. We found small but positive effects of education on the anxiety and depression of AF patients. The effect of education plus education was unclear compared with usual care. We found no evidence to support the use of decision aids on decision conflict in patients with AF. This review demonstrates that there is not enough evidence to draw definitive conclusions regarding the impact of interventions for the prevention of TTR. Thus, more trials are needed. It is also important to examine the impact on anticoagulation control in AF patient and the mechanisms by which they are successful. More research is needed to explore the psychological implications for patients suffering from this long-term chronic condition.
The review of trials found that vaginal prostaglandin E2 probably increases the chance of having a vaginal birth in 24 hours. The risk of uterine hyperstimulation with changes in the baby's heart rate is increased. The caesarean section rate is probably reduced by 10%. The overall effect on improving maternal and fetal outcomes (across a variety of measures) is uncertain. PGE2 tablets, gels and pessaries appear to be as effective as each other, small differences are detected between some outcomes, but these may be due to chance.
This review looked at the effects of cot-nursing using a heated water-filled mattress in newborn infants. Five trials were included in this review, involving 247 infants. When compared to incubator-care, there was no significant difference in mean body temperature (four trials), though the one trial that reported on hyperthermia found this to be more common in infants who were cared for in this way. There were also no differences in weight gain between the two groups. In the incubator group, fewer infants were breast fed on discharge and fewer died prior to hospital discharge, but these results did not reach statistical significance. The five trials that compared the use of a heated mattress versus incubator care, involving 231 infants, found similar results. In one trial involving 38 infants, infants cared for by cot with warming of the nursery gained less weight in week one compared to infants cared by incubator. However, this result was not statistically significant. There was no difference in the number of infants who died or were breastfed on discharge from hospital. In summary, cot nursing in a heated space-heated room has similar effects to care in incubator beds with regard to temperature control and weight gain. This is especially the case in developing countries, where differences in these outcomes are likely to be encountered.
We included three studies, involving 146 participants. Two studies were assessed as being at high risk of bias. The main finding of the review was that the two techniques appear to be equally successful at exposing PDCs. One surgical failure was due to detachment of the gold chain (closed group). One study reported on complications following surgery and found two in the closed group: a post-operative infection and pain during alignment of the canine teeth (both in the open group). We could not pool data for dental aesthetics, patient-reported pain and discomfort, periodontal health and treatment time. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. This means that we are uncertain about the results. Three ongoing clinical trials have been identified. It is hoped that these will produce data that can be pooled to increase the degree of certainty in these findings.
We included three studies, involving 244 women. The studies were considered to be of poor quality. The prostaglandins used were PG E2 analogue (sulprostone) in 50 women and PG E1 analogue (misoprostol) in 194 women at a dose of 250 mcg and 800 mcg respectively. The evidence is current to September 2014. The use of prostaglandsins did not reduce the rate of manual removal of placenta, severe postpartum haemorrhage, need for blood transfusion and the mean time from injection to placental removal (minutes). Side-effects were no different between groups (vomiting, headache, pain and nausea between injection and discharge from the labour ward), with the exception of shivering, which was more frequent in women who received proton pump inhibitors. We did not obtain any data for the primary outcomes of maternal mortality and the need to add another therapeutic uterotonic. Currently there is limited, very low-quality evidence relating to the effectiveness and the safety of proton pumps for the management of retained placentas. We can not make any recommendations about changes to clinical practice. More high-quality research in this area is needed.
We included six studies involving 355 infants - two using face mask CPAP, two CNP, one nasal CPAP and one both CNP and endotracheal CPAP. For this update, we included no new trials. We found that continuous distending pressure (CDP) is associated with lower risk of treatment failure (death or use of assisted ventilation) (typical risk ratio (RR) 0.65, 95% CI -0.52 to 0.81; six studies; 355 infants) and lower overall mortality (type of study: 6 studies, 355 infants). Use of CDP also reduces the risk of death in infants with birth weight above 1500 g (two studies; 60 infants). We found no difference in lung function at 28 days (three studies, 260 infants) as well as at nine to 14 years (one study, 37 infants). In preterm infants with respiratory distress, the application of continuous CDP as CPAP or CNP reduces the risks of respiratory failure and death and increases the risk for pneumothorax (bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD) - a condition in which the lungs lack oxygen). However, four out of six of these trials were done in the 1970s. Therefore, the applicability of these results to current practice is difficult to assess. Further research is needed to determine the best mode of administration.
We included six studies (157 participants) in this review. All included studies were small and/or had limited follow-up times. There is no research evidence to suggest that foam wound dressings are more effective in healing foot ulcers than other types of dressings. There was no statistically significant difference in ulcer healing when foam dressings were compared with hydrocolloid (matrix) dressings, and there was no difference in the number of ulcers healed when foam wound dressing was compared with alginate dressing.
We identified three eligible trials. Two trials compared endoscopic intervention with surgical intervention. These trials included a total of 111 participants: 55 in the endoscopic group, and 56 in the surgical group. One trial, including 32 participants, compared surgery with conservative treatment. The trial showed that surgical intervention resulted in a higher percentage of participants with pain relief, better quality of life, and preservation of pancreatic function. No differences were found in terms of major complications or deaths, although the number of participants was too small to allow this to be reliably evaluated. The small trials identified do not provide enough power to detect the small differences expected in this outcome. This review has shown that surgical treatment in an early stage of chronic pancreatitis is better than endoscopy for pain relief and preserving function. However, other trials need to confirm these results because of the methodological limitations of the present evidence.
We found only one randomised trial that compared early versus delayed post-operative showering or bathing. This trial was at a high risk of bias. The trial included 857 patients who had minor skin excision surgery in the primary care setting. The wounds were sutured after the excision. The only outcome of interest reported was surgical site infection. There was no difference in the proportion of patients who developed surgical site infections between the two groups. The proportions of patients in the early bathing group were 8.5% and 8.8%, respectively. There is no conclusive evidence from randomised trials regarding the benefits or harms of the early or delayed use of soap and water for the prevention of wound infections. Further randomised controlled trials are needed to compare the benefits and harms of using soap or water to wash and bathe wounds after minor skin surgery. This plain language summary has been written by a consumer, Ben Gray, Service User and Service User Expert, Rethink Wound Care. Email: [email protected]
We found one randomised controlled trial (RCT) comparing oral prednisone with no treatment in 35 people with MS. The trial had a high risk of bias, which means that the results may not be reliable. There was no difference between the groups in the number of people who achieved remission after one year. Side effects were similar with each regimen, except that sleeplessness was less common with monthly dexamethasone, as was moon facies (the appearance of the face). We also found one RCT comparing daily standard-dose oral (daily) prednisolone with monthly high-dose (monthly) oral (high) corticosteroids. This trial did not report side effects in detail. We are very uncertain about the effects of daily oral (previously known as 'dummy' treatment) versus no treatment. The quality of the evidence was very low. We also know from observational studies that long-term use of these drugs can lead to serious side effects. We need further research to find out if there are factors that predict response.
We found six studies including a total of 2100 participants. Four studies compared remote asthma check-up with face-to-face check-ups, and one study compared the two types of check up for oral steroid taper in people with asthma who were not taking their asthma medication. We could not say whether more people who had a remote check up needed oral corticosteroids for an asthma flare-up than those who were seen face to-face because the studies could not be blinded, and dropout rates were high. We also could not tell whether remote asthma checks-up were safer than being seen by a healthcare professional. We found no difference in the number of people who needed treatment in the Emergency Department (ED) or hospital, or who had an unscheduled healthcare visit. The studies did not report serious side effects. The results of the studies were too limited to show that remote asthma tests-up are safer than having an asthma clinic visit. There was no difference between the groups in terms of asthma control or quality of life. The larger study that compared two general practice populations found that offering telephone checks-ups and then phoning people to check on them increased the number who received a review. However, we do not know whether the additional people who were given a telephone check up benefited in asthma outcomes. The quality of the evidence was low or very low because of the small number of studies and the small numbers of people in the studies.
This review aimed to assess the effects of exercise therapy for people with JIA. Three out of 16 identified studies met the inclusion criteria, with 212 participants. All the included studies had at least seven of the 10 methodological criteria. The outcome data of the following measures were homogenous and were pooled in a meta-analysis. The results suggest that the outcome measures all favoured the exercise therapy but none were statistically significant. None of the studies reported negative effects. The included and excluded studies were all consistent about the side effects that exercise therapy can cause. No short-term detrimental effects were found in any study. Overall, there was no evidence to support the use of exercise as a treatment for JIA in the short- or medium-term. The low number of studies in this review limits the generalisability of the results. The large heterogeneity in outcome measures, as seen in the review, emphasises the need for a standardised assessment or a core set of functional and physical outcomes suited for health research.
We included 19 trials with a total of 2663 participants (11 with outpatients, seven with inpatients and one with ICU patients). We found that antibiotics have some effect on treatment failure in ICU and ICU (inpatients with mild to moderate exacerbations) and on inpatient care, but these effects are small and inconsistent. The effects of antibiotics on death and length of hospital stay are not clear. We found no evidence that antibiotics reduce the risk of re-exacerbations or hospital stay. We do not know if antibiotics have an effect on health-related quality of life, or on other patient-reported symptoms. The quality of the evidence was low or moderate for most of the outcomes. This means that the true effect may be substantially different from the results of this review. We judged the quality of evidence to be moderate for treatment failure, low for mortality, and low for other outcomes. The evidence is up-to-date as of August 2018.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1414 participants. The trials compared whole grain diets with lower whole grain or refined grain diets. All studies were in primary prevention populations and had an unclear or high risk of bias. We found no studies that reported the effect of the diets on total cardiovascular deaths or cardiovascular events. Four studies were funded by independent national and government funding bodies. The remaining studies reported funding or partial funding by organisations with commercial interests in cereals. Overall, we found no evidence from RCTs of an effect of a whole grain diet on cardiovascular risk factors such as blood lipids and blood pressure. There is a need for well-designed, well-conducted trials with longer durations of follow-up to assess the effects of whole grain dietary changes on cardiovascular events and risk factors for cardiovascular disease.
This review found that there was limited evidence to support the use of a removable type of immobilisation to allow exercise in people with a dislocated ankle. There was also limited evidence that early weight-bearing made a small improvement in the range of motion of the affected ankle. However, there was not enough evidence to show whether there was any benefit for stretching, manual therapy or exercise in the immobilisation period after orthopaedic treatment. There is little evidence on which type of support or immobilisation is the best. One small study (14 participants) at a high risk of bias found reduced ankle swelling after non-thermal treatment with a thermal pulsed shortwave diathermy. More research is needed to strengthen current evidence.
This review of four studies found that a home-based nursing programme has the potential to improve adherence to ART, but more evidence is needed. Two interventions, an LPV/r-containing regimen and peer support group therapy for adolescents, did not demonstrate improvements in adherence, yet showed greater viral load suppression. A second non-randomised trial found that the percentage of children achieving >80% adherence was no different between children on a lopinavir-ritonavir regimen and children on an NNRTI regimen. The percentage of the children achieving virological suppression was significantly greater for children on the LPV orr regimen than for children in the control group.
This review found that oral fenoprofen 200 mg is effective at reducing acute postoperative pain by at least 50% over 4 to 6 hours. There was no difference in the number of participants experiencing any side effects between fenopa-200 mg and placebo. No serious side effects were reported in these studies. There were not enough data to assess the effectiveness of other doses or active comparators, the time to use of rescue medication, or numbers of participants needing rescue medication.
This review aimed to compare the benefits and harms of pelvic floor muscle training for prolapse. Six trials were included; three of these trials are new to this update. Four trials were small (less than 25 women per arm) and two had moderate to high risk of bias. Four of the trials compared PFMT with a control group. Two trials included women having prolapse and compared it with surgery alone. There is now some evidence that PFMT can improve prolapse symptoms and severity. The largest trial to date suggests that six months of supervised PFMT has benefits in terms of anatomical and symptom improvement (if symptomatic) immediately post-intervention. There was not enough evidence to show whether PFMT is effective in the medium and long term. A large trial of PFMT plus surgery is needed. Other comparisons which have not been addressed in the trials to date and warrant consideration include those involving lifestyle change interventions, and trials aimed at prolapse prevention. More research is needed to give clear evidence about the usefulness of combining these treatments. This plain language summary has been written by a consumer, Ben Gray, Service User and Service User Expert, Rethink Women's Health. Email: [email protected]
Fourteen randomised controlled trials involving 1,724 participants or ears were included in this review. Topical quinolones were better than no drug treatment at clearing CSOM in one week, but not at two weeks. No statistically significant difference was found between the two groups at weeks one or three. A positive trend was seen in favour of the two types of antibiotic treatment (quinolone and no drug) at one week. However, this was largely due to one trial and was not significant after accounting for heterogeneity. Other types of treatment (antiseptics) were also better at curing CSOM, but there was no clear difference between them at two to four weeks. Other treatments, such as non-quinolone antibiotics, were more mixed, changing over time. Evidence regarding the safety of these treatments was generally weak. More research is needed.
We included 21 studies with a total of 6253 participants in this review. Studies were conducted from 1974 to 2011. Most studies did not report study methods sufficiently and many had high applicability concerns. We found that FRS correctly identifies people with schizophrenia 75% to 95% of the time. In 20 studies, FRS differentiated schizophrenia from all other diagnoses with a sensitivity of 57% (50.4% to 63.3%), and a specificity of 81.4%. The use of FRS to diagnose people who have schizophrenia in triage will lead to around five to 19 out of every 100 who have FRS as having schizophrenia and specialists will not agree with this diagnosis. These people will still merit further assessment and help due to the severity of disturbance in their behaviour and mental state. In seven studies, we found that using FRS incorrectly correctly identifies around 40% of people who will not be considered to have schizophrenia. Some people may experience a delay in getting appropriate treatment. Others, whom specialists will consider to be mentally ill, could be prematurely discharged from care, if triage relies on the presence of fainting symptoms. We hope that newer tests - to be included in future Cochrane reviews - will show better results. FRS remain a simple, quick and useful diagnostic aid for people with an illness of enormous clinical variability. However, symptoms of first rank can still be helpful where newer tests are not available. This applies to the initial screening of most people with suspected schizophrenia.
We included 10 studies in this review, of which 5 were new to this update. There were 2003 participants in the 9 educational interventions, and 44 participants in one psychological study. The studies were conducted in primary- and secondary-care settings. All interventions were added to conventional treatment for children with atopic eczema. The evidence is current to September 2016. The largest and most robust study (n = 992) demonstrated significant reduction in disease severity and improvement in quality of life, in both nurse- and dermatologist-led intervention groups. It provided six standardised, age-appropriate group education sessions. Improvements in objective severity using the SCORAD clinical tool were recorded for all intervention groups when compared with controls. In three of five studies, which could not be combined because of their heterogeneity, the objectiveSCORAD measure was statistically significantly better in the intervention group compared with the usual care groups. However, in all of the above studies, the confidence interval limits do not exceed the minimum clinically important difference of 8.2 for objective SCORad. Parents of children aged 8 to 12 years experienced significantly better improvements in the treatment group on 3 of the 5 subscales of the German 'quality of life' questionnaire, a validated tool with five subscales. The inclusion of new studies has not substantially altered the conclusions from the original review. The educational studies in both the original and this update lack detail about intervention design and do not use a complex interventions framework. Few use an explicit theoretical base, and the components of each intervention are not sufficiently well described to allow replication. A relative lack of rigorously designed trials provides limited evidence of the effectiveness of educational and psychological interventions in helping to manage the condition of atopic dermatitis in children. However there is some evidence from included paediatric studies using different educational intervention delivery models (multiprofessional eczematological interventions and nurse-led clinics) that these may lead to improvements in disease and quality-life outcomes.
This review of trials suggests that HBOT may be beneficial for people with LRTI affecting tissues of the head, neck, anus, and rectum. HBOT also appears to reduce the chance of ORN following tooth extraction in a irradiated field. There was no evidence of benefit in clinical outcomes with established radiation injury to the brain, and no randomised data reported on the use of HBOT to treat other manifestations. These trials did not report side effects. Further research is needed to establish the best time and place for HBOT. An economic evaluation should be undertaken.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 2961 surgeons that compared the use of blunt needles to sharp needles. Four studies focused on abdominal closure, two on caesarean section and two on vaginal repair. On average, surgeons that used sharp needles sustained one glove perforation in three operations. The use of the blunt needles was found to reduce the risk of perforations by 0.46 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.38 to 0.54) in every six operations. In four studies, surgeons who used blunt needles had fewer self-reported needle stick injuries. Because the force needed for the blunt needle is higher, their use was rated as more difficult but still acceptable in five out of six studies. There is high quality evidence that using blunt needles reduces the risk for surgeons to be exposed to blood and bodily fluids. It is unlikely that future research will change this conclusion. We rated the quality of the evidence as high.
The review includes seven randomised trials involving 422 participants. The size of the included studies was between 20 and 157 participants with a study length between four and 52 weeks. Overall, the quality of the studies was low. The review found that trifluoperazine was no different from low-potency drugs in terms of response to treatment. There was also no difference in acceptability of treatment. However, at least one movement disorder was significantly more frequent in the triffluoperazine group. The results did not show a difference in efficacy between triflucoperazine and the other drugs used to treat schizophrenia. No data were available for other outcomes of interest, such as death, sedation and quality of life.
We found nine randomised controlled trials including 593 preterm infants in total. These trials compared feeding in response to feeding cues (feedings) with feeding at scheduled intervals. The trials were generally small, contained various methodological weaknesses, and included a small number of participants. We found no strong evidence that responsive feeds improve outcomes for preterm babies or their families. However, we found some low quality evidence that feeds given to infants fed on cues to eat can help them to eat earlier than those fed prescribed volumes at scheduled times. This finding should be interpreted cautiously. A large, well-designed trial would be needed to confirm this finding and to determine if responsive feeds affect other important outcomes.
This review identified two randomised trials with a total of 161 participants. One trial showed that folic acid and 5-methyltetrahydrofolate (5-MTHF) may improve ankle brachial index (ABI) in people with peripheral arterial disease. However, there was no difference in ABI between the two groups. The second trial showed no difference (P non-significant) between the groups. No major events were reported. The studies did not report on deaths and rate of limb loss. Currently, no conclusion can be made regarding the value of treatment of hyperhomocysteinaemia as a result of high blood pressure. Further, well-designed trials are urgently required.
We included two studies in this review. One study compared the impact of capitation payments with fee-for-service payments and found that the capitation system led to an increase in primary care dentists’ clinical activity. However, the study was carried out in the four most deprived areas of Scotland, so the applicability of the findings to other settings may be limited. The second study used a parallel group design undertaken over a three-year period to look at the effect of the two different types of payments. The authors found that patients who received a capitation payment tended to see their dentists less often and had fewer fillings and extractions, but also tended to give more preventive advice. The study did not report data on measures of health service utilisation or patient outcomes. There was not enough information about the cost-effectiveness of the different remuneration methods. We judged the risk of bias to be high for both studies. The overall quality of the evidence was low/very low.
We included 21 randomised controlled trials involving over 17,000 women and their babies. Trials were generally at low risk of bias. Zinc supplementation resulted in a small reduction in preterm birth (16 trials of 7637 women). This was not accompanied by a reduction in the numbers of babies with low birthweight. No clear differences were seen between the zinc and no zinc groups for any of the other outcomes, except for induction of labour in one trial. No differences were found in the subgroups of women with low versus normal zinc and nutrition levels, or in women who complied with their treatment versus those who did not. The GRADE quality of the evidence was moderate for preterm births, small-for-gestational age, and low birth weights, and was low for stillbirth or neonatal death. The evidence for a 14% relative reduction (14 trials of 5643 women) was primarily from trials involving women of low income and this has some relevance in areas of high perinatal deaths. Since the preterm association could well be due to poor nutrition, studies to address ways of improving the overall nutritional status of populations in poor countries rather than focusing on micronutrient and or zinc supplementation in isolation, should be an urgent priority. There was no convincing evidence that zinc supplementation during pregnancy results in other useful and important benefits.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 1656 participants. All trials used probiotics as an adjuvant therapy to antifungal drugs. The evidence is current to September 2014. Probiotics increased the rate of short-term clinical cure and mycological cure and decreased relapse rate at one month but did not translate into a higher frequency of long-term cure. Probiotic use did not seem to increase the frequency of serious or non-serious adverse events. Probotic use did increase the rate for the occurrence of serious adverse events but did no increase the number of serious side effects. We found no eligible RCTs for outcomes such as time to first relapse, need for additional treatment at the end of therapy, patient satisfaction and cost effectiveness. There is a need for well-designed RCTS with standardized methodologies, longer follow-up and larger sample size.
We included seven randomised controlled trials (involving 696 women) in this update of the review. The trials were conducted in different countries. Two trials were from Germany and Italy, which are high-income countries, while four were from upper-middle income countries; two were from Iran, one from Malaysia and the fourth from Turkey; and the seventh was from Jordan, which is a lower-middle country. In six trials all the participants met the inclusion criteria and in the seventh study, we included only the subgroup of participants who met our inclusion criteria. We assessed the body of evidence for the main outcomes using the GRADE tool. The quality of evidence ranged from very low to moderate. The results of this Cochrane Review suggest that progestogens probably reduce the risk of miscarriage, but may have little or no effect on the rate of preterm birth. We are uncertain if treatment of threatened miscarriage with progestins compared to placebo or no treatment has any effect on congenital abnormalities. The evidence for this outcome was based on only two small trials with very few events and was found to be of very low quality.
We found five randomised controlled trials of laser photocoagulation of diabetic retinopathy. A total of 4786 people (9503 eyes) were included in these studies. Three of the studies were conducted in the USA, one in the UK and one in Japan. The majority of people in four of these trials were people with proliferative diabetic retenopathy. One trial recruited mainly people with non-proliferative (non-perfusion) diabetic retina. At 12 months there was little difference between eyes treated with laser and those treated with no treatment in terms of visual acuity. There was a 20% reduction in the risk of loss of vision at five years with laser treatment. The risk of visual loss was reduced by 50% in the treated eyes. The number of people developing diabetic retinal scarring (vitreous bleeds) was similar in both treated eyes and in the untreated eyes. We did not plan any subgroup analyses, but we could not do a formal subgroup analysis because the treatment and control groups were different. None of the included studies reported on patient-relevant outcomes (e.g. quality of life, pain, loss of driving licence) or side effects such as retinal detachment. We judged the evidence to be moderate or low, depending on the outcome. This is partly due to the fact that the majority of the trials were carried out many years ago and so we cannot be certain about the effects of laser treatment on the development of retinal cancer. Future trials on variations in the laser treatment protocol are planned.
We included two trials involving 269 participants. The trials were conducted in China and Italy. The participants were mostly men (67%), and the average age was 65 years. Both trials included adults with acute respiratory failure after upper abdominal surgery. We judged both trials at high risk of bias. The findings of this review indicate that CPAP or NPPV may reduce tracheal intubation. There was very low quality evidence that the intervention may also reduce the length of time spent in the intensive care unit (ICU). We found no differences in the number of deaths or hospital length of stay. We were not able to be certain that the use of CPAP/NPPV had an effect on anastomotic leakage (sepsis or infection), pneumonia-related complications, and sepsis/infection. Findings from one trial of 60 participants suggested that bilevel nPPV, compared to oxygen therapy, may improve blood gas levels and blood pH one hour after the intervention. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. More good quality studies are needed to confirm these findings.
We included four trials involving 388 women that were judged to be of unclear to high risk of bias overall. Three trials compared diazepam with an alternative agent (ketamine; vinydan-ether; "other" anaesthesia) for the provision of anaesthesia. One trial compared spinal analgesia with pudendal nerve block. The trials were too small to be combined in meta-analysis. A variety of different methods were used to measure pain relief, and thus results could not be combined. With regard to the primary outcomes of pain relief for forceps delivery, women in one small trial were more likely to judge their pain relief as effective when they received the anaesthetic (diazepam). In a further small trial, no significant difference was seen in the number of the women judging their pain as effective (ketamines) compared with ketamine (26 women). In the trial that compared spinal pain relief to pudendsal nerve blocks, the women receiving spinal pain control were more satisfied with the pain relief they received, and were less likely to report severe pain. No trials reported on the review's other two main outcomes of serious maternal adverse effects or complications, and death or serious illness of the baby. In terms of other outcomes, women receiving diazepapam compared with vinyden-ether, were significantly less likely (101 women) to experience vomiting. No differences were seen for the few neonatal outcomes that were reported across any of the comparisons. There is not enough evidence to support one particular analgesic agent or method as most effective in providing pain relief.
We included 15 studies with a total of 1048 participants. Most of the studies were from India, followed by Europe and the United States. The majority of participants were adults of both sexes, with mild to moderate asthma. The studies lasted from two weeks to 54 months, for no more than six months. Five studies included yoga breathing alone. The other studies assessed yoga interventions that included breathing, posture, and meditation. There was some evidence that yoga may improve quality of life, symptoms, and medication use. However, yoga did not seem to improve lung function or medication use in people with asthma. No serious side effects were reported. The quality of the evidence was moderate. The risk of bias was low across all domains in one study. It was unclear or high in at least one domain for the remainder. There is more uncertainty about the potential side effects of yoga and its impact on lung function and medication usage.
We included 10 trials (249 participants) in this review. Seven of the 10 trials assessed single agents, and 3 assessed combined agents. Many of the studies did not present adequate data for the reporting of the primary outcome of the review. We assessed six of the nine fully published trials as being of very low-quality evidence in relation to our primary outcome measure. None of the trials were large enough to detect a treatment effect. Three trials (n = 78) compared IVIg (combined in one trial with prednisone) to a placebo, but we were unable to perform a meta-analysis because of differences in the way the trial data were analysed and presented. Other comparisons were reported in single trials. A single trial (44 participants) reported that methotrexate (MTX) did not arrest or slow disease progression. Two trials (58 participants) compared interferon beta-1a and MTX to placebo. We found no evidence that either drug had an effect on the progression of IBM. An open trial of ATG combined with MTX versus MTX, and an open trial (12 participants) of MTX plus MTX compared to MTX provided some evidence in favour of the combined therapy. We were not able to analyse the data from trials of oxandrolone (1 participant), azathioprine (AZA), and arimoclomol (2 participants). The results of this review do not allow us to draw conclusions about the effects of any of the drug treatments included in the review, and we need more trials that are larger, of longer duration, and that use standardised and validated outcome measures. Studies of simvastatin and bimagrumab (BYM338) are ongoing. Overall, the quality of evidence was very low. The main limitations were the small numbers of participants, and the small number of trials.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 3144 participants. These trials compared linezolid with vancomycin for treating people with SSTIs. No new trials were identified for this first update. No RCT reported SSTI-related deaths. The available evidence is at high risk of bias and is based on studies that were supported by the drug manufacturer that makes the drug that was studied. It seems, from the results of these trials, that people treated with the drug lineZolid spent less time in hospital and spent less money in hospital. There were fewer cases of red man syndrome, pruritus and rash in people treated using the drug, however, more people reported thrombocytopenia (blood clots), nausea and nausea. The average length of hospital stay was three days shorter for people who used the drug. The daily cost of treatment was less with oral than with intravenous treatment. There was no difference in the number of deaths between people treated in the treatment group and the control group. Further well-designed, independently-funded, RCTs are needed to confirm the available evidence.
We included eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 512 participants. The trials were conducted in a number of different countries, and included a variety of surgical techniques. We found no relevant differences in the number of deaths, overall survival, and morbidity between the two operations. However, some perioperative outcome measures, such as blood loss, red blood cell transfusion, and delayed gastric emptying, favour the PPW procedure. Furthermore, we noted that operating time (45.22 minutes), intraoperative blood loss (0.32 L, 0.62 L, 95% confidence interval (CI) -0.62 to 0.03; P = 0.04), and red blood cells transfusion were significantly lower in the PPw group. The quality of the evidence was low. Further high-quality RCTs of complex surgery based on well-defined outcome parameters are required.
Six randomised controlled trials involving 1862 participants were included. The effect of calcium channel blockers on the risk of death was reported in five of the RCTs. The pooled odds ratio (OR) for the five studies was 0.91 (95% CI 0.70 to 1.16). The pooled OR for the other outcomes was not statistically significant. In the five RCTS that reported death, severe disability (unfavourable outcome) was unacceptably high. In two of the three studies which reported death in a subgroup of patients with bleeding in the brain, the pooled OR was 59 (CI 0.59 to 0.94). In the three RCTCs that reported both death and severe disability in this subgroup, there was no difference between the intervention and control groups. This review of trials found that the effect of nimodipine, a drug used to treat subarachnoid haemorrhage, was beneficial for some patients. However, the increase in adverse reactions to the drug may mean that the drug is harmful for some.
We included four randomised controlled trials with a total of 3090 participants. Three trials were considered to have a relatively low risk of bias. One trial was considered to be at a high risk. When survival to hospital discharge was compared, 38 of 320 (11.88%) participants survived to discharge in the initial CPR plus delayed defibrillation group compared with 39 of 338 participants (12.54%) in the immediate defibrillation group. When we compared the neurological outcome at hospital discharge, the rate of return of spontaneous circulation (ROSC) and survival at one year, we could not rule out the superiority of either treatment. Adverse effects were not associated with either treatment, and we have been unable to determine conclusively whether immediate CPR and one and one-half to three minutes of CPR as initial therapy have similar effects on rates of return to spontaneous circulation, survival to discharge or neurological insult. We have also been unable of concluding whether either treatment approach provides a degree of superiority in OHCA. We propose that this is an area that needs further rigorous research through additional high-quality RCTs, including larger sample sizes and proper subgroup analysis.
The review of trials found that there is not enough evidence to support the routine use of any particular intervention, either for pituitary down regulation, ovarian stimulation or adjuvant therapy in the management of poor responders to controlled ovarian stimulation in IVF.
We found 53 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into treatment groups) that compared family intervention with usual care, usual care alone or a combination of both. We found that family intervention may reduce the number of relapse events and hospitalisations. Family intervention also seems to improve general social impairment and the levels of expressed emotion within the family. We did not find data to suggest that the intervention either prevents or promotes suicide. Further research is needed to confirm these findings.
We identified three randomized controlled trials with 263 participants. All three trials examined the treatment of symptomatic in-stent restenosis within the femoropopliteal arteries. These trials were carried out in Germany and Austria. Two of the three trials were industry sponsored. Two companies manufactured the drug-eluting balloons. We found that the certainty of the evidence presented was very low for all outcomes. There was no clear difference in the incidence of amputation between DEBs and uncoated balloons. DEBs showed better outcomes for up to 24 months in terms of target lesion revascularization (target lesion repair) and binary (hole in the artery wall) as well as for one clinical outcome (improvement in Rutherford category) post intervention. Data were insufficient for subgroup or sensitivity analyses to be conducted. Data show no clear differences in death between the two groups. Based on a meta-analysis of three trials (with 263 participants), evidence suggests an advantage for DEBs when compared with a balloon angioplasty for anatomical endpoints, and one clinical end point - improvement in Rutherford categories. However, the evidence for all these outcomes is very low due to the small number of included studies and participants and the high risk of bias in study design.
We included seven trials with a total of 922 participants. Trials ranged from 32 to 242 participants. We found that corticosteroids reduced the subsequent occurrence of coronary artery abnormalities, the duration of fever, and the time taken for laboratory tests to normalise. We also found that children receiving a long course of steroids had a shorter length of hospital stay and a decreased duration of symptoms. There were insufficient data on the incidence of adverse effects attributable to steroids, deaths and long-term heart problems. Evidence quality was graded according to the GRADE system. Evidence was considered to be of high quality for the occurrence of serious adverse events, deaths, and time for laboratory parameters to normalify. The quality of the evidence was moderate for the length of clinical symptoms (fever, rash). This means that we are reasonably confident that the true effect is close to what was estimated in this work. Evidence presented in this study suggests that treatment with a long-course of steroids should be considered for all children with KD until further studies are performed. Certain groups, including those based in Asia, those with higher risk scores, and those receiving longer steroids, may have greater benefit from steroid use, especially with fewer heart problems, but more tests are needed to answer these questions. More research is needed before this can be the basis for clinical action.
We included eight studies comprising 846 randomised participants, of which four studies compared PIP with control groups only. Four of these studies involved comparisons with another PIP (e.g. video-interaction guidance, psychoeducation, counselling, or cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT)). Two of the studies included a control group in addition to an alternative treatment group. Samples in these studies included women with postpartum depression, anxious or insecure attachment, maltreated children, and prison populations. Four studies were at low risk of bias in four or more domains (i.e. random sequence generation, blinding of participants and staff to the treatment group, and blinding of outcome assessment). Four studies had high risks of bias for blinding. Five studies did not provide enough information for us to be able to assess the quality of the evidence. Six studies contributed data to the PIP versus control comparisons producing 19 meta-analyses of outcomes of parental depression, parent-child interaction, and, in some cases, we found that PIP was more effective than control for reducing parental depression. We also found that there were improvements in the proportion of infants securely attached at post-intervention; a reduction in the number of infants with an avoidant attachment style; and an increase in the rate of infants moving from insecure to secure attachment. There were no differences between PIP and control in any of the remaining outcomes. We found no differences in side effects, or any side effects of PIP. None of the other outcomes we looked at, such as adverse effects, were different between groups. We rated the evidence as low or very low quality. Where we downgraded the evidence, it was because we were concerned about the design of the study or execution of the trial. The included studies involved small numbers of participants.
We found one new included study in this updated version. In total, our updated review includes 11 trials (with 753 participants). We found no convincing evidence that giving extra oxygen to healthy term pregnant women during an elective caesarean section under regional anaesthesia is beneficial or harmful for either the mother or the foetus. The low quality of evidence showed no differences in Apgar scores at one minute and at five minutes. None of the 11 trials reported maternal desaturation. In comparison to room air, women in labour who received extra oxygen had higher maternal oxygen saturation (N = three trials, 209 participants), maternal PaO2 (oxygen pressure in the blood), UaPO2 (foetal umbilical arterial blood) and UvPO2, which is a measure of the amount of oxygen in the baby's blood. There was high heterogeneity among these outcomes. Although, there were significant higher blood gas values and markers of free radicals in the mother and her baby, the results should be interpreted with caution due to the low grade of the evidence.
We included twelve studies containing data on 2196 participants; four of these studies were newly included in our 2006 Cochrane review. Six studies provided data on the percentage of pills taken. We found that reminder packaging led to an 11% increase in the number of people who took their prescribed pills, compared to those who did not use the reminder packaging aid. Two studies reported on the proportion of people reporting that they were still taking their prescribed medicine, but this was not statistically significant. We also found two studies that looked at blood pressure, which showed a reduction in systolic blood pressure when reminder packaging was used. We did not find any evidence of an effect of reminder packaging on blood sugar levels. We extracted data from two studies which looked at change in glycated haemoglobin (a marker of blood glucose) levels, and found a reduction of 0.72 points on a 0 to 0 scale. No appropriate data were available for a meta-analysis of the remaining outcomes, which included serum vitamin C and E levels, or self-reported psychological symptoms. One study found that in one study the presence of a reminder packaging help was found to be preferred by people with low literacy levels. Reminder packing appears to be a simple method for improving adherence for patients with selected conditions. More research is needed to improve the design and targeting of these devices.
We identified 15 randomised trials evaluating 11 different drugs (methylprednisolone, multivitamin antioxidant infusion, vitamin E, amrinone, prostaglandin E, pentoxifylline, mannitol, trimetazidine, dextrose, allopurinol, and OKY 046). All trials had high risk of bias. There were no differences between the groups in mortality, liver failure, or perioperative morbidity. The trimetazidine group had a shorter hospital stay than the control group. The other drugs did not seem to protect against ischaemia reperfusion injury. However, the trials were small and had high risks of bias, so their results should be treated with caution. The use of these drugs should be restricted to trials with well-designed clinical trials, before implementing them in clinical practice.
We included 61 studies in this review. These studies included 13,327 participants of interest, of whom at least 4499 underwent renal function testing. The evidence is current to September 2015. The studies were diverse in terms of the type of kidney disease, the types of cancer, the treatments received and the duration of follow-up. We could not combine the results of the studies because the studies were so different. The majority of studies reported the occurrence of adverse renal effects, which ranged from 0% to 84%. This variation may be due to differences in the type and duration of treatment, the treatment combination, the way the study was carried out and the quality of the evidence. Seven out of 52 studies, including 244 participants, reported the prevalence of chronic kidney disease. Of these 52, 36 studied a decreased (estimated) blood pressure, including at least 432 CCS, and found it was present in between 0% and 73.7% of participants. One eligible study reported an increased risk of glomerular dysfunction after concomitant treatment with aminoglycosides and vancomycin in CCS receiving total body irradiation (TBI). Four non-eligible studies assessing a total cohort of CCS found nephrectomy and (high-dose (HD) ifosfamide as risk factors for decreased blood pressure. In addition, two non- eligible studies showed an association of a longer time period with a decreased kidney function. Twenty-two studies studied proteinuria, which was found in between 13.2% and 28.6% of people. Both non- and eligible studies investigating risk factors identified cisplatin as a risk factor. Carboplatin, nehnrectomy, abdominal radiotherapy and long follow up time were other reported risk factors. The prevalence of hypertension ranged from 1% to 50% in 30/52 studies. Risk factors reported by one eligible study were older age at screening and abdominal radiation. A non-qualified study also
The review of trials found that two phytomedicines Niprisan® (Nicosan®) and Cajanus cajan (Ciklavit®) appeared to be safe and effective in reducing severe painful crises in people with sickle cell disease. It did not affect the risk of severe complications or the level of anaemia. No serious adverse effects were reported. However, the quality of the evidence was low. Based on the published results, phytological drugs may have a potential beneficial effect in the management of painful crises. This needs to be further validated in future trials.
We included three studies involving 1999 participants. Two trials compared standard treatment (chemotherapy plus radiotherapy) with PET-adapted therapy (treatment only) in people with early-stage HL and negative PET scans. The third trial was more complex. Participants with HL and a negative PET scan were divided into two groups. They were then randomised to receive PET-based treatment or standard treatment. One study reported no deaths. Two studies reported two deaths in people who received PET- adapted therapy and two in people receiving standard therapy. We found that progression-free survival (PFS) was shorter in people given PET-specific therapy (alone or in combination with standard treatment) than in those given standard treatment with radiotherapy. This difference was apparent in comparisons of people receiving no additional radiotherapy or radiotherapy plus chemotherapy versus people receiving radiotherapy alone. We did not find evidence of a difference between the two groups of people in terms of side effects. We judged the overall potential risk of bias as moderate. The studies were reported as RCTs, but it is likely that there was no blinding. One of the studies was published in abstract form only; hence, it was not possible to assess the quality of the evidence. The other two studies reported that there were no deaths, and the third study reported that two people died in the treatment groups. We rated the overall quality of this evidence as very low, meaning that we are uncertain about the results. The quality of evidence was downgraded because of the small number of studies and the small numbers of participants. More studies with long-term follow-up are needed to assess whether this PFS advantage will translate into overall survival benefit. To date, no robust data on OS, response rate, TRM, quality of life, or short- and long term side effects are available.
We found 31 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared different types of birth control pills, injectables, vaginal rings, and implants. Twenty-one trials compared combined oral contraceptives (COCs); others examined different COCs, progestin-only pills, injections, and a vaginal ring. None of the trials included a placebo. Of 34 comparisons, eight had any notable difference between the study groups. Twelve trials studied desogestrel-containing pills, and the few differences were inconsistent. A meta-analysis of two studies (two studies showed the COC group had a higher mean fasting glucose (MD 0.20; 95% CI 0.00 to 0.41). Where data could not be combined, single studies showed lower fasting glucose and higher glucose response (MD 1.08; 95%) and insulin area under the curve (AUC) (MD 20.30; 95%). Of eight trials of norethisterone preparations, five compared oral contraceptives and three compared injectables. One showed the group with nomegestrel acetate plus 17β-estradiol had lower mean change in glucose two-hour response than the levonorgestrel group. In a COC trial, a group had smaller mean change (MD 17.00; 95%, CI 5.67 to 28.33). In an injectable study, the group using depot medroxyprogesterone acetate had higher means for fasting glucose. One trial showed the ring group had lower AUC insulin than the group of the levons. Of five recent trials, two examined newer types of pills with different estrogen types. One study showed the lower-dose group showed a lower mean AUC glucose, but the obese and normal weight groups did not differ significantly. We still know very little about women at risk for metabolic problems due to being overweight. More than half of the studies had weight restrictions. Only one small trial stratified the groups by
We included 10 studies in this review. Nine studies (549 participants) evaluated the effects of exercise on pain, physical function and quality of life. Five studies (419 participants) assessed pain and physical function. The results of these 10 studies showed that exercise can reduce pain and improve physical function among people with hip OA. There was no significant difference in pain or physical function outcomes between the two groups. The reduction in pain was sustained at least three to six months after the end of the exercise programme. Pain was reduced by 8 points on a 0- to 100-point scale (0 was no pain) in the control group, and by a further 8 points in the exercise group. The improvement in physical function was also sustained (five studies, 367 participants). Quality of life was assessed in three small studies (183 participants) with no benefit of exercise demonstrated. Of the five studies reporting side effects, each study reported only one or two events and all of these were related to increased pain attributed to the exercise. We considered that seven of the 10 included RCTs had a low risk of bias. However, the results may be vulnerable to bias as none of the studies were able to blind participants to the type of treatment they received, and, while most studies reported blinded outcome assessment, participants self reported their pain, pain intensity and other outcomes. One of these studies was only reported as a conference abstract and did not provide enough data for the evaluation of bias risk. The quality of the evidence ranged from high to moderate.
This review of trials found that exercise therapy can be beneficial for patients with MS who are not experiencing a flare-up of their MS. The results of the present review suggest that there is an urgent need for more research to be done in this area. There is a need for trials that compare exercise therapy with no exercise therapy, and that use a core set of outcome measures to be used in these trials. In addition, these trials should experimentally control for 'dose' of treatment, type of MS and should include enough contrast between the experimental and control groups. No evidence was found of deleterious effects of exercise therapy on fatigue or perception of handicap.
Only one randomised clinical trial was included in this review. The trial included 75 participants (average age: 43 years; females: 65% of participants). The trial randomised people with biliary colic to have either early laparoscopic cholecystectomy (less than 24 hours after diagnosis) (35 people) or delayed laparoscopy (4.2 months) (40 people). There were no deaths in either group. There was no bile duct injury or serious adverse events related to the surgery. The proportion of people who died during the waiting period was low in both groups. The other outcomes were available for 28 people in the early group and 35 in the delayed group. All of the participants had to be operated on within 24 hours of the diagnosis. The complications of the surgery were pancreatitis (n = 1), empyema (ema of the gallbladder) (e.g. swelling in the gallus), perforation (perforation of gallus) of the bile in one person, acute bile (cholangitis), obstructive jaundice (jaundice) (yellowing of the skin), and recurrence of bile colic (requiring hospital visits). All of these complications occurred in the group that had the earlier laparectomy. There were 14 participants who required hospital admissions for the above symptoms. The percentage of people requiring hospital admission was lower in the earlier group. This trial did not report quality of life or return to work. The time taken to perform the surgery was shorter in the later group. The number of people with complications was lower than in the late group, but there was a shorter hospital stay. The length of the hospital stay was shorter and the operating time was shorter. Based on evidence from one high-bias risk trial, it seems that people who have an elective biliary bile-clearing operation (within 24 hours) are less likely to have
We included 11 trials in this review. Seven of these trials provided evidence for the main comparison and the primary outcome and these were pooled. Overall, long-term antibiotic prophylaxis probably reduces the risk of SSI compared with short-term antibiotics. However, there is uncertainty about the relative effects of a single long term dose compared with a single dose of short term antibiotics. No reports described adverse effects of the drugs in those trials that reported in this outcome. None of the trials assessed or reported data on other outcomes, and we were unable to show whether a specific antibiotic is better than another. Most of the studies had an unclear risk of bias, which led us to downgrade the quality of evidence for our outcomes.
We found one study, involving 40 infants and 42 women. The trial was underpowered to detect clinically important outcome differences between the two groups. There were no significant benefits or side effects of elective preterm birth at 36 weeks' gestation for fetal gastroschisis. There was a small mean difference in gestational age at birth between the groups. This review is not able to draw any firm conclusions about the benefits or harms of preterm births for preterm babies with this condition. Only one small trial is included. Further research is needed in this area.
We found three studies in adults, lasting up to one week. All three studies used paracetamol as an addition to established treatment with strong painkillers. One study was parallel-group, and two had a cross-over design. We found no studies in children. All studies were at high risk of bias for incomplete outcome data and small size. None of the studies reported any of our primary outcomes: pain reduction of at least 50%, and at least 30%, from baseline, participants with pain no worse than mild at the end of the treatment period, or participants with a Patient Global Impression of Change (PGIC) of much improved or very much improved. What pain reports there were indicated that there was no difference in the pain relief of participants treated with paracetol when added to another treatment. There was no convincing evidence to support or refute the use of paracetamate alone or in combination with strong opioids for the first two steps of the three-step WHO cancer pain ladder. It is not clear whether any additional pain relief could be detected, in view of the high doses of opioids used. Measures of harm (serious adverse events, other side effects, and withdrawal due to lack of efficacy) were inconsistently reported. The quality of the evidence was very low. The studies were small and of low methodological quality.
This review of 15 randomised controlled trials found that there were not enough data to confidently inform clinical practice. There is a need for more well designed randomised trials. Some may be underway. The quality of the studies was poor. The trials were conducted in China and 14 were in hospitals. All results are vulnerable to considerable bias. Most of the trials measured the size of the wet patch (known as a 'wet patch'). Most often this was the diameter of the patch on the pillow. The drugs tested were astemizole, propantheline, doxepin, oryzanol (rice bran oil and rice embryo oil extract), and suo quo wan (comprises spicebush root, Chinese yam, and bitter cardamom). There were no trials that looked at the effects of Chinese herbal medicines. There were too few data to be sure that any of the drugs were effective. There was a lack of information on side effects.
We included six randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with 195 people with MS. Two trials compared inspiratory muscle training with a threshold device; three trials compared expiratory muscle-training with no active control or sham training; and one trial compared regular breathing exercises. Eighteen people (˜ 10%) dropped out of the trials. We pooled and analyzed data of 5 trials (N=137) for both inspiratory (inactive) muscle training, using a method similar to the one used in this review. The evidence is current to January 2018. We found that inspiratory muscles training with an elastic device (resistance device) is moderately effective postintervention for improving predicted maximal inspiratory pressure in people with mild to moderate MS. However, there was no significant difference between the two groups with regard to the predicted maximum amount of pressure. The quality of evidence was low for all outcomes because of limitations in design and implementation as well as imprecision of results. Due to the low number of studies included, we could not perform cumulative meta-analysis or subgroup analyses. It was not possible to perform a combined analysis for adverse events, no serious adverse events were mentioned in any of the included trials. Quality of life was not reported. The impact of the observed effects on quality of life is unclear.
This review included one randomised controlled trial (RCT) with 38 women (41 pregnancies) and 26 women (28 pregnancies) being analysed. This RCT compared betamethasone (1.5 mg/day) with no medication for treating ITP during pregnancy. This trial did not show any difference in the risk of ITP in the newborn. Maternal death, perinatal death, postpartum haemorrhage and neonatal bleeding were not studied by this RCT. This review does not provide evidence about other treatments for ITP. There is not enough evidence to support the use of betametasone for treating intrauterine thrombocytopenia. This systematic review also identifies the need for well-designed, well-randomised clinical trials for this medical condition.
We found two completed studies, with a total of 111 participants (n = 30 and n = 81), both from Iran, that met our inclusion criteria. Participants had moderate to severe keratoconus pre-operatively and were randomly allocated to receive either DALK or DALK. The smaller study had 12 month follow-up data for all participants. For the larger study, four DALK surgeries had to be abandoned due to technical failure and visual and refractive outcomes were not measured. Follow-up length for the remaining 77 participants ranged from 6.8 to 36.4 months. Only one eye of each participant was treated as part of the trials. The results of the smaller study were not published. Details of the randomisation procedure were not reported for the smaller trial and so we could not be sure if the results from this study had affected the results of this review. We found no evidence of a difference between groups on any of the measures of post-graft visual achievement, keratometric astigmatism, or spherical equivalent. A single case of graft failure in a DALK graft failed. No postoperative graft failures were reported in the DALK group of the study. The data, which related to all cases, showed that rejection was less likely to occur in DALK than DALK (odds ratio (OR) 0.33, 95% CI 0.14 to 0.81, GRADE rating: moderate). Results of the analysis of the Razmju 2011 study did not bias the results with regards to rejection episodes. While the data from the Javadi 2010 study alone had a very wide 95%CI, suggesting an imprecise estimate. Therefore, it is still difficult to draw conclusions regarding the superiority of one technique over another with respect to graft failure. DALK was not completed as planned in four cases. In a further three cases, complications during dissection required further intervention. Other adverse events, of varying severity, were reported with similar
We included 67 randomised controlled trials (from 76 reports), recruiting 8506 women. The evidence is current to August 2015. The studies varied greatly in terms of the number of women included in analyses, with haemoglobin concentration being the outcome with the largest number of participants analysed (6861 women). Women receiving iron were significantly less likely to be anaemic at the end of intervention compared to women receiving control (10 studies, 3273 women, moderate quality evidence). Women taking iron had a higher level of iron in their blood (51 studies, 6861 women) and a lower risk of iron deficiency (7 studies, 1088 women). Only one study (55 women) specifically reported iron-deficiency anaemia and no studies reported mortality. Seven trials recruiting 901 women reported on 'any side effect' and did not identify an overall increased prevalence of side effects from iron supplements. Five studies recruiting 521 women identified an increased risk of gastrointestinal side effects in women taking iron. Six studies recruiting 604 women identified a higher risk of loose stools/diarrhoea (high quality evidence) and eight studies recruiting 1036 women found an increased likelihood of having hard stools (high-quality evidence). Seven studies recruiting 1190 women identified evidence of abdominal pain among women randomised to iron. Eight studies recruiting 1214 women did not find any evidence of an increased frequency of nausea (low quality evidence), and evidence that iron supplementation improves cognitive performance in women is uncertain, as studies could not be combined and individual studies reported conflicting results. Iron supplementation improved maximal and submaximal exercise performance, and appears to reduce symptomatic fatigue. Although iron supplementation improved cognitive performance, there was no evident difference in adherence between iron and control. Daily iron supplementation effectively reduces the prevalence of anaemia, iron deficiency and iron stores, and improves exercise performance. These benefits come at the expense of increased gastrointestinal symptomatic side effects.
This review included five studies with a total of 1,726 patients. The evidence is current to September 2014. The review found that there was no overall survival benefit of the combination treatment with irinotecan and fluoropyrimidine over irinotspecine alone. However, this result may have been driven by findings from a single first-line treatment setting study. The quality of evidence for overall survival was low and for progression-free survival was moderate, mainly due to study limitation from the lack of information on randomisation methods and allocation concealment. There were higher risks of toxicity outcomes grade 3 or 4 diarrhoea and grade 1 or 2 alopecia in controls compared to the invervention group. Evidence for toxicity has been assessed to be low to moderate quality. There was no reduction in all-cause mortality in the combination arm, with a summary hazard ratio (HR) of 0.91 (95% CI: 0.81-1.02). Longer progression-less survival was observed in those treated with the combination chemotherapy, however, this may be due to findings from one study. Given the low and moderate quality of the evidence, future studies with sufficient numbers of patients in each treatment arms are needed.
The review of trials found that a transverse or oblique incision has less impact on pulmonary function, is less prone to rupture (wound dehiscence/incisional hernia) and looks better. There was no difference seen in other early or late post-operative complications and recovery times. The data on pain is less clear and should be interpreted with caution. The results in favour of the transverse incision, particularly with regard to the use of painkillers, should be treated with caution as the results of this review are based on a small number of trials.
We included a total of nine RCTs (981 participants) in this review. Five studies were conducted in Europe and four in North America. The mean age across trials ranged between 32.0 and 43.7 years. In MBR compared to usual care, individuals receiving MBR had less pain, less disability, and increased likelihood of return-to-work at 12-month follow-up. However, when comparing MBR to other treatments (i.e. brief intervention with features from a light mobilization program and a graded activity program, or brief intervention including education and advice on exercise, and psychological counselling), we found no differences between the groups in terms of pain, functional disability, or time away from work. The effect sizes for pain and disability were low, but effects for work- related outcomes were in the moderate range. No adverse events were reported. The quality of the evidence ranged from moderate to very low. All included studies had high risk of bias, which means that the results may not be reliable. Four of the nine studies had at least one source of possible bias. The evidence is up to date as of March 2018.
We included 18 trials reporting on 4843 participants comparing the effect of bisphosphonate administration to control regimens in men with bone metastases from prostate cancer. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2018. Bisphosphoate administration probably decreases the number of skeletal-related events and disease progression. We found no clear difference in the proportion of participants with pain response between the two treatment groups. There may be no clinically relevant difference in pain response in men who received bisphophosphonates compared to those who received a control group. We were unable to extract any quantitative data for meta-analysis because the outcome measures used in the trials varied greatly across trials and we were not able to combine the results of the individual trials. We probably increased the risk of nausea and renal side effects in men receiving bisphosporinates compared with those who did not receive them. The quality of the evidence was low to very low for pain response, mortality and progression of the disease. We judged the quality of evidence for quality of life and pain to be moderate to low for all other outcomes.
We found five randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that compared HDT + ASCT with chemotherapy or immuno-chemotherapy in 1093 patients with FL. Four of these trials were in previously untreated patients, and one trial was in relapsed patients. The quality of the five trials is moderate. All five trials were randomised and judged to be open-label studies. Due to the small number of studies in each analysis (four or less), it was not possible to assess the differences between the trials in terms of heterogeneity. A potential source of bias is uncertainty in the way the trials were conducted. We found a statistically significant increase in PFS in patients with previously untreated FL. However, this effect was not transferred into an OS advantage. For patients with relapsed FL, there is some evidence (one trial, N = 70) that HDT+ASCT is advantageous compared with chemotherapy and immunotherapy. No statistically significant differences were detected between HDT plus ASCT and the control-arm for the outcomes of progression-free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS). Adverse events (mostly infections and haematological toxicity) were rarely reported and were observed more frequently in patients undergoing HDT - ASCT. In summary, the currently available evidence suggests a strong PFS benefit for HDT combined with ASCT in patients previously untreated with FL, but no statistically significant difference was found for OS, TRM and secondary cancers. Further trials evaluating this approach are needed to determine this effect more precisely in the era of rituximab. Moreover, longer follow-up data are necessary.
We included 15 randomised controlled trials (1437 participants) of WDD for schizophrenia. There was a high risk of bias within the trials, but overall, the risk for selection, attrition and reporting bias was low or unclear. We found that WDD may improve the short-term global state of participants compared with placebo or no treatment. However, when WDD was compared with antipsychotic drugs, such as chlorpromazine or risperidone, no difference was observed. WDD is often used as an add-on treatment alongside antipsychotics. When WDD combined with an anti-psychotic drug, positive effects were found for global and mental state and fewer side effects were observed. The available evidence is not of high quality. More research is needed.
We included 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 799 participants. We found three new RCTs (228 participants) for this update, bringing the total to 12 studies with a total of 799 people. We judged three studies to be at high risk of bias, and three to be of moderate quality. The evidence is current to September 2015. The review assessed six comparisons. 1. Multistrand stainless steel versus superelastic nickel-titanium (NiTi) arch wires. There were five studies in this group and it was appropriate to undertake a meta-analysis of two of them. There is insufficient evidence from these studies to determine whether there is a difference in rate of alignment between multistrand Stainless steel and NiTi arch wires (low-quality evidence). The findings for pain at day 1 as measured on a 100 mm visual analogue scale suggested that there was no meaningful difference between the interventions (2 studies, 127 participants). 2. Conventional NiTi versus sub-Saharan African (Saharan African) NiTi arches. There was only one study (24 participants) in the group. The findings from this study suggest that conventional NiTi and supererelastic NiTi are similar in terms of alignment rate, time to alignment, pain and root resorption. None of the studies reported the adverse outcome of root resurction. 3. Single-strand versus coaxial (single strand or single strand) supelerelastic (single strand) Ni Ti arch wires. There were only two studies in the comparison group, but it was not appropriate to analyse the data. The results from these two studies were inconclusive. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for the outcomes of alignment or pain, and moderate-quality for the outcome of tooth movement over 12 weeks. Moderate quality evidence shows that arch wires made of coaxial or singlestrand NiTi can produce greater tooth movement than arch
This review includes just one study of 306 older people with dementia and an average age of 86 years. The study was conducted across 16 nursing homes in France. It did not measure any of our main outcomes but did measure behavioural change using three scales: the Cohen-Mansfield Agitation Inventory (CMAI; 29-item scale), the Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI; 12-item score), and the Observation Scale (OS). For the CMAI, the study reports a Global score (29 items on a seven-point scale (ranging from 1 to 203 points) and scores (total of 29 to 203) for the following four domains: Physically Non-Aggressive Behaviour, such as pacing, repetition, and hitting, and Verbally Aggressive Beh behaviour, like swearings. Four of the five scales improved in the intervention group. There was no difference in the change scores on the Phys aggressive Behaviour scale. There were no differences in the NPI or OS change scores by the end of the study. We rated the quality of this evidence as very low due to high risk of bias and indirectness of the outcome measures. We found one ongoing study. This review highlights the need for high-quality research on the effectiveness of de-escalation and the relative efficacy of different techniques. This plain language summary has been written by a consumer, Benjamin Gray, Service User and Service User Expert, Rethink Mental Illness. Email: [email protected]
We included 13 trials with 1316 participants in this review. Eleven trials had a small sample size and short follow-up periods. Nine trials compared different topical skin care products, including a combination of products. Two trials tested a structured skin care procedure. One trial compared the use of different frequencies of application. The overall risk of bias in the included studies was high. We found evidence in two trials, being of low and moderate quality, that soap and water perform poorly in the prevention and treatment of IAD. The use of a skin cleanser might be more effective than use of soap. The second trial indicated that a washcloth, with cleansing, moisturising, and protecting properties, might be better than soap. Findings from the other trials, all of low to very low quality, suggest that applying a leave-on product, (moisturiser, skin protectant, or a combination) might be superior to not applying these products. No trial reported on the third primary outcome 'number of people not satisfied with treatment' or on adverse effects. We conclude that there is little evidence on the effects of interventions for preventing and treating IAD in adults.
We included seven studies with a total of 333 participants in our review. Three studies studied hospitalised patients, two studies were conducted in an outpatient setting, while the trial setting was not clear in two studies. The age of participants ranged from two years to young adults. The antiviral drugs used in the trials were acyclovir, valomaciclovir and valacycloviral. Follow-up varied from 20 days to six months. The review found that there was no evidence that antiviral treatment was better than control treatment for any of the 12 outcomes. There was a small reduction in the time taken for symptoms to resolve, but this may not be of clinically meaningful importance. There were no significant differences between treatment and control groups in terms of viral shedding. In terms of side effects, side effects were reported in only five studies. These results could not be combined due to the potential for double counting. The quality of the evidence was graded as very low for all outcomes. The majority of studies were at unclear or high risk of bias and so the results should be interpreted with caution.
This review examined four trials lasting 24 to 52 weeks involving 2250 people randomised to either insulin glargine or insulin detemir. The trials were of high risk of bias. The results of the trials showed no significant difference in overall, nocturnal and severe hypoglycaemic control between treatment groups. Insulin glargate was dosed once-daily in the evening, with the option of an additional dose in the morning in three studies. Of randomised patients, 13.6% to 57.2% were injecting insulin detenir twice-daily at the end of the trial. The control of blood glucose was measured by glycosylated haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) (a measure of blood sugar control), which was less than or less than 7% with or without low blood sugar levels. There was no difference in the variability of FPG or glucose values in 24-hour profiles between the groups. Only one trial reported results on health-related quality of life and found no significant differences between the intervention groups. The review concluded that there is no clinically relevant difference in efficacy or safety between insulin deteamir and insulin-glargine for targeting high blood sugar. However, to achieve the same blood sugar level, insulin detneemir is often injected twice to three times a day, but with less weight gain, and with somewhat fewer injection site reactions.
The review of trials found six trials that assessed the effects of SNS for the treatment of people with bowel problems. Six trials assessed whether SNS can improve the symptoms of bowel problems (i.e. constipation, abdominal pain and bloating) and two trials assessed the effect on continence. The trials were carried out in Denmark, the United Kingdom and the United States. In the parallel group trial conducted by Tjandra, 53 participants with severe bowel problems in the SNS group experienced fewer episodes of faecal incontinence compared to the control group who received optimal medical therapy (mean difference (MD) −5.20, 95% confidence interval (CI) −9.15 to −1.25 at 3 months; MD −6.30 (CI −10.34 to −2.26 at 12 months). Adverse events were reported in a proportion of participants: pain at implant site (6%), seroma (2%) and excessive tingling in the vaginal region (9%). In the trial carried out by Thin, 15 participants with abdominal pain in the percutaneous tibial nerve stimulation (PTNS) group experienced less episodes of abdominal pain compared with the group of 15 in the PTNS group (MD −3.20 (CI -7.14 to 0.74) at three months). In addition, adverse events occurred in some patients where these were reported. Side effects included: mild ipsilateral leg pain during temporary testing (1); and stimulator-site pain following insertion of neurostimulator (2). In the crossover trial by Leroi, 7 of 34 recruited participants were excluded from the crossover due mainly to complications or immediate device failure. Twenty-four of the remaining 27 participants while still blinded chose the period of stimulation they had preferred. Outcomes were reported separately for 19 participants who preferred the 'on' and five who preferred 'off' period. For the median (range) episodes of bowel inc
The review of trials found two trials (n = 190), at low risk of bias, were included in the review. Both trials presented data on first time failure at the tooth level. Pooling of the data showed a statistically significant difference in favour of the molar bands, with a hazard ratio of 2.92. No statistically significant heterogeneity was shown between the two studies. No other adverse events were found. One trial reported that there was less decalcification with molar band cemented with glass ionomer cement than with a light-cured molar tube. However, given there are limited data for this outcome, more evidence is needed to draw more robust conclusions.
We identified 66 articles (published between 1988 and 2012) that could be included in the review. We collected the data on 7747 patients with gastric cancer who were staged with EUS. Overall the quality of the included studies was good. The diagnostic accuracy of EUS might be considered useful to guide physicians in the staging of people with stomach cancer. However, it should be noted that EUS diagnostic performance is not optimal either for disease confirmation or for exclusion, especially for the ability to distinguish T1a (mucosal) from T1b (submucosa) and positive versus negative lymph node status. Moreover, EUS should be warned that it is less accurate in diagnosing superficial tumors (T1a versus T1B) and lymph nodes status (positive vs negative). Overall, we observed large heterogeneity in the results of the studies, and its source needs to be understood before any definitive conclusion can be drawn about the use of EU in routine clinical settings.
We identified six randomised clinical trials involving 492 participants. The trials compared day-surgery laparoscopic cholecystectomy (n = 239) with overnight stay surgery (N = 253) for symptomatic gallstones. The proportion of women in the trials varied between 74% and 84%. The mean or median age of the participants varied between 40 and 47 years. Only one trial reported short-term deaths. However, there were no deaths in either of the groups in the remaining trials. Long-term death was not reported in any of the trials. There was no significant difference in the rate of serious adverse events between the two groups. The quality of life of participants was no different between the groups. There were no significant differences in the pain, time to return to normal activity, or return to work. No difference was seen in the hospital readmission rate (5 trials; 464 participants; 6/225 (weighted rate 0.5%) versus 5/239 (2.1%) in the overnight stay) or in the proportion of people requiring hospital readmissions (3 trials; 290 participants; 5/136 (3.5%), 5/154 (5/154) and 5/234 (4.2%) respectively). No significant difference was observed in the percentage of failed discharge (failure to be discharged as planned) between the group undergoing day surgery and the overnight surgery group. For all outcomes except pain, the accrued information was far less than the diversity-adjusted required information size to exclude random errors (play of chance). We conclude that there appears to be little or no difference between day- and overnight stay operations in terms of patient-oriented outcomes. The evidence supporting these statements is weakened by risks of systematic errors (bias) and risks of play of chance (random errors).
We included eight studies, involving 2488 participants, two more than the previous version of this review. Two studies used a placebo control, and six used 0.04% topical capsaicin as an 'active' placebo to help keep people in the control group unaware of the treatment. We found four studies (1272 participants). At both 8 and 12 weeks about 10% more people reported that their pain was much or very much improved with high-concentration capsaicins than with placebo. About 10% of people with postherpetic neuralgia (pain caused by damage to nerves caused by nerve damage) had moderate or substantial pain relief with the use of high-consumption capsaicine, compared with about 10%. Pain was reduced by at least 30% in people with painful HIV-neuropathy (pain due to damage to the nerves of the brain caused by HIV infection) and at least 50% in pain-reducing people with diabetic neuropathy. One small study of 46 people with persistent pain after inguinal herniorrhaphy did not show a difference between high- and placebo for pain reduction. One study (369 people) reported pain reduction in pain due to diabetes neuropathy in people treated with a higher dose of high concentration capsaicIN compared with a lower dose of placebo. No deaths were judged to be related to study medication. Local side effects were common, but not consistently reported. Serious side effects did not differ between groups. Side effects were no more common with active treatment (3.5%) than with control (2.2%). The quality of the evidence was moderate or very low for most outcomes. We downgraded the quality of evidence for efficacy outcomes by one to three levels due to sparse data, imprecision, possible effects of imputation methods, and susceptibility to publication bias. Studies were of generally good methodological quality; we judged only one study at high risk of bias, due to small size.
We included three trials involving 6343 participants. The trials differed in the methods of measuring carotid stenosis and the definition of stroke. We combined data from 6092 participants. We found that surgery increased the five-year risk of having a stroke in people with less than 30% stenosis, but had no significant effect in those with 30% to 49%. Endarterectomy was of some benefit for people with 50% to 69% symptomatic stenosis. However, there was no evidence of benefit in those who had near-occlusion (blood clot in the brain). The quality of the evidence was moderate.
We included 10 retrospective cohort studies, with a total of 864 participants. The participants underwent enterostomy placement in the frame of an operation for: rectal cancer (37/60), ulcerative colitis (14/60) and familial adenomatous polyposis (7/60). The results of the studies were inconclusive for the incidence of parastomal herniation, development of ileus or stenosis, or skin irritation. The results were also inconclusive when we compared the effect of the lateral pararectal approach versus the transrectal approach. One study did not measure other stoma-related morbidities, or stoma deaths, but did measure quality of life, which was not one of our outcomes of interest. All included studies reported results for the primary outcome, and one study reported on one of the secondary outcomes (stomal prolapse). None of the included studies measured other complications or deaths. The overall quality of the evidence was low to very low. The available moderate-, low-, and very low quality evidence, does not support or refute the superiority of one of these two surgical approaches to stoma formation. In conclusion, there is still a lack of high-quality evidence to support the ideal surgical technique of stoma forming.
We found 24 relevant studies, with a total of 2126 participants. We found no significant differences between supportive therapy and standard care. There were, however, differences favouring other psychological or psychosocial treatments. These included hospitalisation rates, clinical improvement in mental state, satisfaction of treatment for the recipient of care and rate of relapse, leaving the study early. When we compared supportive therapy to cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT), we again found no differences in the primary outcomes. There was very limited data to compare supportive therapy with other forms of psychological treatment, such as family therapy and psychoeducation, and no data regarding clinically important change in general functioning. Overall, the evidence was of very low quality.
We found 11 studies, lasting one week or longer, involving 949 people with cancer pain of moderate or severe severity. Eight studies were double-blind, two were single-blind; and one was an open-label study. None had a placebo only control. None compared NSAIDs as a group with another treatment, or NSAIDs with another NSAID. It was not possible to compare NSAIDs alone or in combination with other drugs. Results for all NSAIDs are reported as a randomised cohort. We judged results for all outcomes to be very low-quality evidence. None of the studies reported pain reduction of at least 50%, and at least 30%, from baseline; participants with pain scores of much improved or very much improved. With NSAID, initial pain was reduced to no worse than mild pain after one or two weeks (415 participants in total). Adverse events were reported in four studies (415 people in total), with a range of estimates between 26% and 51%. Common adverse events were thirst/dry mouth (15%), loss of appetite (14%), and dyspepsia (11%). Withdrawals due to lack of efficacy (24%) or adverse events (5%) were common. There were 22 deaths, but these were not clearly related to NSAIDs. Most studies were at high risk of bias for blinding, incomplete outcome data, or small size. None was unequivocally at low risk. There is no evidence to support or refute NSAIDs for the three steps of the three-step WHO cancer pain ladder.
This review included two studies with a total of 287 participants. One study (with an overall unclear to high risk of bias) involved 253 participants and the quality of the evidence was very low. This study, reported that pain severity at day two and day three was lower in the tinzaparin group than in the placebo group, and also at day 4. Thus, participants treated with the low-molecular weight heparin resulted in more rapid resolution of pain. The mean difference in duration of painful crises was -1.78 days in favour of the tiniest dose of the drug, dalteparin. The second study (unclear risk of biased) including 34 participants and was a conference abstract with limited data and only addressed one of the outcomes of the review; i.e. pain intensity. After one day pain intensity reduced more, as reported on a visual analogue scale (a chart that rates the amount of pain on a scale of 1 to 10), in the tiny dose of heparins compared with placebo. Two minor bleeding events were reported as adverse events in the group receiving tinieparin, and none were reported in the control group. Based on the results of two studies, evidence is incomplete to support or refute the effectiveness of low-Molecular-weight-heparins in people with sickle cell disease.
We did not find any randomised trials that directly compared anticoagulants with antiplatelet drugs. We found 36 observational studies (1285 patients) that compared antiplatelets with anticaagulant drugs. There were no significant differences in the risk of death, stroke, or ischaemic stroke between the two groups. Symptomatic intracranial haemorrhages (5/627; 0.8%) and major blood clots in the brain (7/425; 1.6%) occurred only in patients treated with anticoactive drugs. However, for both these outcomes, the results were imprecise and there was no evidence of a significant difference between the treatment modalities. There is no evidence to support their routine use for the treatment of bleeding in the head of the carotid artery.
We found 26 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) comparing silver-containing dressings with non-silver dressings. We grouped results according to wound type, and the type of silver preparation. Thirteen trials compared silver sulphadiazine (SSD) cream (in a variety of forms) with non silver dressings, and six trials compared SSD cream with silver nitrate. One trial showed fewer infections with a silver-coated gauze (Acticoat®) than with a non silver dressing. However, three trials showed more infection with SSD cream. Six trials compared non- silver-based dressings (nine dressings) with silver-coloured dressings and found no differences in infection rates. Most comparisons (seven) found no significant difference in infection; one trial (seven trials) in various wounds found fewer infections in wounds treated with SSD/hydrocolloid, but another, in acute wounds, found more infections with SSD. There is not enough evidence to be able to determine which of these treatments are best.
We included 12 studies with 3571 participants. All included studies examined the use of one antibiotic regimen versus another. There was potential for bias because some studies did not report outcomes for all participants. The evidence is current to August 2018. We found no statistical difference in all-cause mortality between monotherapy and combination therapy. We did not find a difference between monotherapies and combination therapies for the treatment of people with VAP. We downgraded the quality of evidence for all- cause mortality, adverse events, and length of ICU stay to moderate for this comparison. We also found no statistically significant difference in clinical cure between carbapenems and non-carbapenem therapies. However, we found a statistically significant increase in the clinical cure for imipenem-cilastatin in the clinically evaluable population. Of importance, this effect was due to a single study. Two studies compared tigecycline versus imipanem-cielastatin for clinical cure. We could not evaluate the best antibiotic choice for VAP because there were not enough studies, but we found that carbapensems as a class may result in better clinical cure than other tested antibiotics. We judged the quality for adverse events to be low. Since studies did identify patients with increased risk for multidrug-resistant bacteria, these data may not be generalisable to all patient groups. However this is the largest meta-analysis comparing monotherapy to multiple antibiotic therapies in VAP and contributes further evidence to the safety of using effective monotherapy for the empiric treatment of VAP for the first time.
We included 29 ITS analyses (12 were controlled) investigating policies targeting 11 drug classes for restriction. Participants were most often older people or low income adult populations, or both, in publically subsidized drug benefit plans. Impact of policies varied by drug class and whether they were implemented or relaxed. The effects of policies on drug use varied, as did their effects on health. When policies targeted gastric-acid suppressant (a drug used to treat acid reflux) and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug classes, the use of drugs decreased, with substantial savings on drugs occurring immediately and for up to two years afterwards. Targeting second generation antipsychotic drugs increased use of other health services, without reducing overall drug costs. Relaxing restrictions for reimbursement of antihypertensives and statins increased appropriate use. Two studies which measured health outcomes directly were inconclusive. Implementing restrictions to coverage and reimbursement of drugs used for secondary prevention can also remove barriers to access. Policy design, however, needs to be based on research quantifying the harm and benefit profiles of drugs to avoid unwanted health system and health effects. Impacts on health equity, relating to the fair and just distribution of health benefits in society, also require explicit measurement.
This review aimed to assess the effectiveness of one-to-one OHA for oral health maintenance and improvement. Nineteen studies met the criteria for inclusion in the review, with data available for a total of 4232 participants. There were a wide variety of treatments, study populations, clinical outcomes and outcome measures. There was not enough high-quality evidence to be able to draw any firm conclusions about the effectiveness or safety of any specific OHA method. There is a need for more high quality studies to determine the most effective, efficient and cost-effective method of one to-one treatment for oral hygiene. The design of such trials should be cognisant of the limitations of the currently available evidence.
Five small trials were included: two trials (30 and 49 participants) of oral steroids or placebo; one trial (40 participants) with oral steroids and no treatment, one trial with oral or intra-articular steroids; and one trial of manipulation under anaesthesia and steroid injection with or without oral steroids. The trials were of variable quality (only one of high quality) and some were poorly reported. No meta-analyses could be performed as no raw data could be extracted from one placebo-controlled trial. One trial reported significant short-term benefits in pain, range of movement, shoulder abduction and shoulder pain and disability scores. However, the effect may not be maintained beyond six weeks. There were minimal side effects reported. Available data from two placebo- and one no-treatment controlled trial provides "Silver" level evidence (www.cochranemsk.org) that oral steroids provide significant short term benefits in the short term (six weeks) in the treatment of adhesive capsulitis, but these benefits may not last long term. A second trial reported no differences between oral steroid and placebo in pain or range of muscle strength, but it suggested that improvement occurred earlier in the steroid treated group. A third trial reported a more rapid initial improvement in pain compared to no treatment but there was no difference by five months.
We found three randomised controlled trials with a total of 50 participants. All three trials compared rTMS with sham TMS. All the trials were of poor methodological quality and were insufficiently homogeneous to allow the pooling of results. Moreover, there was a high rate of attrition from the trials, which increased the risk of bias. None of the trials provided detailed data on the ALS Functional Rating Scale (ALSFRS-R) scores at six months follow-up, which was pre-assigned as our primary outcome. One trial contained data in a suitable form for analysis of our secondary outcomes. There was no difference in the ALSFRS-r scores and manual muscle testing (MMT), scores at 12 months in this trial. No adverse events were reported. We conclude that there is not enough evidence to draw any conclusions about the efficacy and safety of rTMT in the treatment of ALS. Further studies may be helpful if their potential benefit is weighed against the impact on people with ALS. However, in view of the small sample size, the methodological limitations of the included trials and incomplete outcome data, treatment with TMS cannot be judged as completely safe.
We included 10 randomised controlled trials (with a total of 1049 participants) of moderate to high risk of bias. All studies involved different comparisons. No study had a placebo group. In 1 trial plasma exchange plus prednisone gave significantly better disease control at 1 month (0.3 mg/kg: RR 18.78, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.20 to 293.70). In another trial clobetasol showed more disease control than oral prednisolone, with significantly fewer adverse events (RR 1.06, CI 1.00 to 1.12). There were no differences in healing in one trial. In one trial there were no significant differences in the number of people who healed in one group of people with extensive and moderate disease. There was no difference in disease control between the groups of people treated with different corticosteroids (one trial each), for azathioprine or mycophenolate mofetil or tetracycline or nicotinamide compared with prednisolate. Chinese traditional medicine was not effective in one study. Milder regimens (lower doses of steroids) are safe and effective in people with moderate BP. The effectiveness of adding plasma-exchange, azanthioprine, tributary and mycopheline or combination of tributory and primiprofen to corticostimulone in moderate BP is not yet known. Starting doses of prednisole greater than 0.75 mg per day do not give extra benefit, lower doses may be adequate to control disease and reduce the incidence and severity of adverse reactions. The use of very potent topical steroids for BP may be limited by side-effects and practical factors.
The review of trials found that some herbal medicines may improve the symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome. However, these findings should be interpreted with caution due to poor study design, small sample sizes, and lack of data. Some herbal medicines need further examination in high-quality trials.
We found 22 trials that evaluated the effectiveness and safety of pericoital use of LNG and other hormonal drugs on a regular basis. The studies included a total of 12,400 women. The trials were from Europe, Asia, and the Americas. The drugs and doses evaluated were levonorgestrel (LNG) 0.75 mg (11 studies), LNG in doses other than LNG (4 trials), and hormones other than levonorgeous (7 trials). Outcomes included pregnancy rates, discontinuation, and acceptability. The pooled Pearl Index for the LNG dose was 5.4 per 100 women (95% confidence interval (CI) 4.1 to 7.0). For the other drugs, 5.0 per 100 woman-years. Menstrual irregularity was the most common side effect. However, the studies provided no consistent evidence that bleeding abnormalities were linked to the frequency of pill intake or the total dose of the drug. Non-menstrual side effects were reportedly mild in most studies. Most women liked the method in spite of frequent menstrual irregularities. Rigorous research is needed. If the method is shown to be efficacious, safe and acceptable, the results may warrant a change of the current World Health Organization recommendations and marketing strategies.
We included 15 studies with a total of 561 randomised patients. The studies were conducted in Europe, India, China, South Korea and the USA. The age range of patients was commonly restricted to adolescents or young adults, but the participants of two studies were from a much wider age range. The distribution of males and females in eight of the studies was similar in eight studies, with a predominance of female patients in seven studies. Ten studies with 407 randomised and 390 analysed patients compared surgical anchorage with conventional anchorage. There was strong evidence that reinforcement of the upper first molar teeth was more effective in the reinforcement of anchorage by 1.68 mm (95% CI -2.27 mm to -1.09 mm) with moderate to high quality evidence. This result should be interpreted with some caution, as there was a substantial degree of heterogeneity for this outcome. The length of treatment was no different between the two techniques. There were no reports of side effects. The quality of the evidence was moderate for the outcome of mesiodistal movement of upper first teeth, and low for the outcomes of pain and acceptability. The evidence on patient-reported outcomes (such as pain, pain, and pain) was limited and inconclusive. None of the included studies reported on harms of any of the techniques.
We included 50 studies (45,285 participants): 47 studies (39,820 participants) compared statins with placebo or no treatment. Three studies (5547 participants) looked at two different statin regimens in people with CKD who were not on dialysis. We were able to combine results from 38 studies (37,274 participants). The risk of bias in these studies was high. Seven studies (36,033 participants) showed that statins reduced the risk of death, major cardiovascular events, and MI by 20%. Statins had uncertain effects on stroke and kidney function. We found no evidence that statin-related harms were more common than we thought. Statins have an important role in primary prevention of cardiovascular events and mortality.
We included nine trials with a total of 379 participants in this review. Nine trials evaluated the use of drugs to treat pain in children with cerebral palsy (CP) in five of the studies, and osteogenesis imperfecta (OI) in four. All trials were parallel designed RCTs. All studies, apart from one cross-over trial, were of mixed quality. Three of the trials on CP evaluated intrathecal baclofen (ITB) and two botulinum toxin A (BoNT-A). All of the OI trials evaluated bisphosphonate (two alendronate) and one pamidronate. No trials were found that evaluated a commonly used analgesic for pain in this group. For the two ITB studies in CP, both found an effect on pain favouring the intervention compared to the control group. In one trial there were eight serious adverse effects. These included difficulty swallowing and an epileptic seizure. At follow-up in both BoNT-a and CP trials there was no evidence of a difference in pain between the trial arms among CP participants. The adverse events in the BoNT trial mostly involved those who received the intervention drug and involved seizures. No adverse events were reported in this trial. Gastrointestinal problems were the most common adverse event in those who were treated with ITB. In the trial investigating the drug in CP there were no serious side effects. No side effects were reported for the ointment in either CP or OI. Based on current data we are unable to determine the effects of drugs for pain for children with CYP with LLCs. We suggest that future trials with larger numbers of participants should examine the effect of the drugs commonly used as pain relievers. With the rise of many LLCs this becomes more necessary.
We found seven trials involving a total of 1697 participants. Three trials involving 1243 patients were included in analyses of efficacy outcomes, and four trials involving 1034 patients in analyses. No data were available from the seventh trial. We judged five trials to be at high risk of bias due to selective outcome reporting, and three trials to have a high rate of attrition bias. There was low quality evidence favouring latrepirdine on the Clinician's Interview - Based Impression of Change plus Caregiver Input after 26 weeks (CIBIC-Plus). However, the results were imprecise, and it was not possible to determine whether there was an effect on cognition or on behaviour. However, there was some evidence showing that there was a very small benefit on the neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI) at study end (26 or 52 weeks). Moderate quality evidence suggested that there is no difference in adverse events between the drug and placebo, but there appears to be a small benefit for behaviour. We considered the evidence on these outcomes to be of low quality. The quality of the evidence was limited by the small number of studies, imprecision, inconsistencies between studies and the likelihood of bias.
We included seven trials, involving 735 participants, in this review. We analysed the effects of RIC treatment on preventing and treating ischaemic stroke. We found low-quality evidence that RIC may reduce the risk of recurrent stroke in people with symptomatic intracerebral artery stenosis, and it may reduce stroke severity in people having carotid stenting. However, we found no significant difference between RIC and non-RIC for reducing stroke severity. In people with acute stroke, the rate of death or dependency was increased by RIC. No participants experienced death or cardiovascular events during the time of the studies. No trial reported haemorrhagic stroke or improvement in neurological, phycological, or cognitive impairment. We assessed the quality of the evidence as low or very low for all outcomes. The evidence is up-to-date as of August 2018.
We included six randomised controlled trials, involving 204 preterm infants. The evidence is current to August 2018. We found low-quality evidence that protein supplementation of human milk increased short-term growth in weight, length, and head circumference. There was no evidence of a clear difference in rate of growth of skin fold thickness between the supplemented and unsupplemented groups (triceps MD 0.06 mm/wk, one trial, 20 infants; or subscapularMD 0.01 to 0.12; four trials, 68 infants; I² = 89%). There were no data on outcomes after hospital discharge. The risk of feeding intolerance was not clearly increased, nor was the risk of necrotizing enterocolitis (inflammation of the gut lining). No data were available about the effects of protein supplementation on long-term weight, body mass index, body composition, neurodevelopmental, or cardio-metabolic outcomes. The quality of the evidence was low or very low, due to the small number of infants included in the studies, the small sample sizes, and the low precision of the results.
We included 45 studies: 14 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and 31 interrupted time series (ITS) studies. Almost all the included studies compared PEMs to no intervention. One single study compared paper-based PEM to the same document delivered on CD-ROM. The results of this review suggest that when used alone, PEM may have a small effect on professional practice outcomes. We could not comment on which PEM characteristic influenced their effectiveness. There is not enough evidence to reliably estimate the effect on patient outcomes.
This review of 23 randomised controlled studies (RCTs) found that interventions for young women which aim to promote sexual behaviours protective of STI transmission can be effective in promoting condom use. There were no statistically significant effects of abstaining from or reducing sexual activity. A variety of STIs were addressed, including HIV and chlamydia. None of the trials explicitly mentioned HPV or cervical cancer prevention. There was some uncertainty in the risk of bias due to incomplete or ambiguous reporting.
We included twenty studies with a total number of 2337 participants in this review. Twenty studies compared brief psychoeducation with routine care or conventional delivery of information. Nineteen of these studies were conducted in the USA, and one study was conducted in Australia. The evidence is current to September 2014. Participants receiving brief psycho education were less likely to be non-compliant with medication than those receiving routine care in the short term and medium term, and were also more likely to comply with medication in the long term. Relapse rates were significantly lower amongst participants receiving short-term psychoeducation than in the medium term (n = 406, RR 0.70 CI 0.52 to 0.93, moderate quality evidence). Compliance with follow-up was similar between the two groups. Social function such as rehabilitation status, social disability and social disability were also improved in the brief psychoeducational group. There was no difference found in quality of life as measured by GQOLI-74, nor in the death rate in either groups. Based on mainly low to very low quality evidence from a limited number of studies, we can conclude that short psychoeducation of any form appears to reduce relapse rates, and promote medication compliance in people with schizophrenia. Data from a few individual studies supported that short-to-medium term psychoeducation can improve the long-term global state, but further large, high-quality studies are needed to either confirm or refute the use of this approach.
We included 11 studies comprising 9839 participants in our analysis. Most studies included people with moderate to severe COPD, without recent exacerbations. One pharmaceutical sponsored trial (37%) included only people with recent exacerbation. Follow-up ranged from 6 to 52 weeks. All but one study were sponsored by pharmaceutical companies, thus we rated them as being at high risk of 'other bias'. The unsponsored study was at risk of bias due to possible selective reporting. Five studies recruited people with COPD in the gold category, one study recruited the category of 'D', two studies recruited the categories of 'A', 'B', and 'C', and three studies recruited participants regardless of category. We found that LAMA+LABA is more effective than LABA for the treatment of COPD. We also found that it is less likely to cause people to have a flare-up of their COPD (exacerbations), and that it improves lung function more often. We did not find any evidence that it reduces the risk of death from any cause. We rated the quality of the evidence as low or moderate.
We included three studies with 91 children aged between 6 months and 4 years. All studies were conducted in emergency departments in the USA (two studies) and Spain (one study). The studies compared heliox with 30% humidified oxygen for 20 minutes. All children were discharged from the emergency department, but there was no information on whether they were re-presented to emergency departments. One study of 15 children with mild croup found that there may be no difference in croup score changes between groups at 20 minutes postintervention. Children treated with heliox may have slightly better croup scores at 60 minutes, but not at 120 minutes. There may be little or no difference between groups in mean respiratory rate and mean heart rate. The effect may be similar to 100% oxygen one or two doses of adrenaline. In another study, 47 children with moderate croup received one dose of oral dexamethasone (0.3 mg/kg) with or without heliox (one to two doses per day) for 60 minutes or no treatment. In the third study, 29 children with severe croup were treated with intramuscular steroids (1 to 2 doses per week) and either heliox and one to two dose of nebulised saline, or heliox plus one to three doses of steroids for three hours. Heliox may not be more effective than 30% hot air (hot air) for children with acute croup, but may be beneficial in the short term. We assessed the evidence for all outcomes in this review as of low quality, downgraded due to imprecision and high risk of bias related to inadequate reporting. We could not combine the results of the three studies because each study included data from only one study. We rated the quality of the evidence as low due to the small number of children in each study, the small numbers of children included, and differences between studies.
The review of trials found that most red flags appear to be of poor diagnostic accuracy. However, combinations of red flags may be useful to screen for vertebral fracture. It should be noted that many red flags have high false positive rates; and if acted upon uncritically there would be consequences for the cost of treatment and outcomes of patients with LBP.
We found two randomised trials that compared urethral dilatation and urethroplasty in 210 men with urethra stricture disease. One trial compared the outcomes of urethrotomy and surgery to remove the ureter. The second trial compared two different types of ureters. There was no significant difference in the proportion of men being stricture free at three years or in the median time to recurrence. In the first six months, men were more likely to require further surgery for a recurrence of the stricture in the urethreter than in the surgery group. After two years, 16 of 25 (64%) men treated by urethr surgery required continued self-dilatation or further surgery. This was compared with 6 of 25 men (24%) treated by surgery. There were insufficient data to perform a meta-analysis (combining of the data) or to reliably determine effect size. There was not enough data to determine which treatment is best in terms of balancing efficacy, adverse effects and costs. Well designed, large, multi-centre trials are needed to answer relevant clinical questions regarding the treatment of men with Urethral strictures.
We found six trials that compared intermittent and daily inhaled corticosteroids in people with persistent asthma. A total of 1211 patients with confirmed, or suspected, persistent asthma contributed to the analyses. There was no significant group difference in the risk of one or more exacerbations (1204 patients; RR 1.07; 95% CI 0.87 to 1.32). The risk of exacerbations in the intermittent ICS group was between 17% and 25%. There were no significant differences in the rate of serious adverse health events between the two groups. There were fewer symptom-free days, fewer asthma control days, more use of rescue β2-agonists and a greater increase in exhaled nitric oxide. In children and adults, there was low quality evidence that daily and daily ICS strategies were equally effective in the use of oral corticostoids, the rate and severity of severe side effects and in reducing the need for emergency department visits or withdrawals. The strength of the evidence means that we cannot currently be sure which is the better treatment.
We included 17 studies involving 1639 people with CKD. Three studies enrolled 341 people treated with dialysis, four studies enrolled 168 kidney transplant recipients, and 10 studies enrolled 1130 people. Eleven studies (900 people) evaluated dietary counselling with or without lifestyle advice. Six studies (739 people) assessed dietary patterns, including one study (191 people) of a low-iron, polyphenol enriched diet, two studies (181 people) that increased fruit and vegetable intake, and two (355 people) studies of a Mediterranean diet. Participants were followed up for a median of 12 months. Studies were not designed to examine all-cause mortality or heart attacks or strokes. In absolute terms, dietary interventions may prevent one person in every 3000 treated for one year from having a heart attack, but the certainty in this effect was very low. Across all 17 studies, cardiovascular events were sparse. Dietary interventions may increase health-related quality of life, eGFR, and serum albumin, and lower blood pressure and serum cholesterol levels. Adverse events were generally not reported. The evidence in this review is up-to-date as of May 2018.
We found only one study that met the inclusion criteria for this review. The study included 156 children aged between seven weeks and 24 months with signs and symptoms of bronchiolitis. Participants were randomised into three groups: nebulised salbutamol, nebulized saline and mist in a tent. The results of the single included study showed that the use of steam inhalation (or cool mist therapy) was an effective treatment for young children up to three years old. However, the study did not report on adverse effects of the interventions. We conclude that there is not enough evidence to inform practice regarding the effectiveness of mist (or steam) therapy in children with acute bronchiolysis.
We found four randomised controlled trials (1154 participants, age range 50 to 90 years). All participants had a diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease according to standard criteria and most participants had been on a statin. The primary outcome in all studies was change in Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale - cognitive subscale. When we pooled data, there was no significant benefit from statin treatment. All studies provided change in Mini Mental State Examination. There were no significant benefits from statins in MMSE. Three studies reported treatment-related adverse effects. We assessed risk of bias as low for all studies. We found no studies assessing the role of statin in treatment of VaD.
Four studies involving 149 participants met inclusion criteria for this review. Two studies assessed the effect of night splinting in 26 children and adults with Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A. There were no significant differences in ankle range of motion between the two groups. One study assessed the benefit of prednisone treatment in 103 boys with Duchenne muscular dystrophy. While a daily dose of 0.75 mg/kg/day resulted in some strength and function parameters, there was no significant difference in ankle movement between groups. Increasing the dose to 1.5 mg a kg/day had no significant effect on ankle movement. There was no evidence of significant benefit from any intervention for increasing ankle range-of-motion. Further research is needed.
We found 25 randomised controlled trials (5218 women) comparing walking and upright positions with recumbent (lying on the back) positions in low-risk labour. The evidence is current to September 2014. The review found that walking and standing upright in the first stage of labour reduced the duration of labour, the risk of caesarean section, and the need for epidural. Women who were upright were also less likely to have a caesarian section and were less likely than women who were lying on their backs. Babies of mothers who were standing upright were more likely to be admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit, but this was based on one trial. There were no significant differences between groups for other outcomes related to the well being of mothers and babies. For comparison 2, walking and ambulant positions with bed care (with epidural: all women), there were no differences between the two groups for duration of the second stage of the labour, or other outcomes relating to mothers' and babies' well being. There is clear and important evidence that upright and mobile positions are safe and effective in first-stage labour, and do not seem to be associated with increased intervention or negative effects on mothers' or babies' health and well-being. Women should be informed of the benefits of upright positions, and encouraged and assisted to assume whatever positions they choose.
We found three randomized controlled trials, but only two had a follow-up of six months or more. The first trial involved 55 people with the 'disputed type' of TOS. This trial compared transaxillary first rib surgery with supraclavicular neuroplasty. The second trial compared a botulinum toxin (BTX) injection into the scalene muscles with saline placebo injection. The trial had a high risk of bias. There was no significant effect of treatment with the BTX injection over placebo in terms of pain relief or improvements in disability, but it did improve paresthesias. There were no side effects in either group. There is no evidence from RCTs for the use of other treatments. This review was complicated by a lack of well-defined criteria for diagnosing TOS and we had to rely exclusively on TOS by the investigators in the reviewed studies.
Twenty-one trials involving 884 people were included. A hand brace significantly improved symptoms after four weeks (weighted mean difference (WMD) -1.07; 95% confidence interval (CI) - 1.29 to -0.85) and function). In an analysis of pooled data from two trials (63 participants), two weeks of ultrasound treatment for two weeks was not shown to be beneficial. However one trial showed significant symptom improvement after seven weeks, which was maintained at six months. Four trials (193 people) examined oral medications (steroids, diuretics, and nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs) versus placebo. Two trials (51 people) compared yoga with wrist splinting. One trial (21 people) showed that carpal bone mobilisation (mobilisation of the bone) improved symptoms over three weeks compared to no treatment. In one trial (50 people) involving 50 people, steroid injections (sugar, insulin, and glucosamine) reduced pain over eight weeks compared with steroid and placebo injections. In two trials, vitamin B6 had no significant effect. Other non-surgical treatments do not produce any benefit. Trials of magnet therapy, laser acupuncture, exercise or chiropractic care did not demonstrate symptom benefit. More trials are needed to compare treatments and ascertain the duration of benefit.
We included two randomised controlled trials with a total of 708 participants with CRVO-ME. One trial compared IVS with observation. The other trial compared dexamethasone intravitreal implants (n = 290) with sham injections. The two trials enrolled participants with both branch and central retinal vein blockage, but did not present subgroup data for the group of participants who had CRVO. We found that IVS was associated with a higher incidence of side effects than observation alone. The most common side effects were raised intraocular pressure, progression of cataracts, and retinal neovascularization. We graded the quality of evidence as low due to study limitations, imprecision of treatment estimates, and selective outcome reporting.
We identified six randomised trials involving a total of 394 patients. Five of the six trials demonstrated a significant effect of intranasal corticosteroids on nasal obstruction symptoms and adenoid size. The first eight-week cross-over study showed that treatment with beclomethasone (336 mcg/day) yielded a greater improvement in mean symptom scores than placebo (18.5 versus -8.5%), and a larger reduction in adenoids/choana ratio (right, -14.5% versus +0.4%) than placebo. The second four-week trial showed that the Nasal Obstruction Index decreased by at least 50% in 38% of the patients treated with a single dose (400 mcg a day) between week 0 and week 2. The third parallel-group trial demonstrated that 77.7% of children treated with mometasone (100 mcg per day) for 40 days showed an improvement in nasal obstruction and a decrease in the size of the nose (adenoidectomy) could be avoided, while no significant improvement was seen in the placebo group. The fourth trial showed flunisolide (500 mcg) for eight weeks of treatment with fluticasone reduced nasal obstruction symptom scores (76% versus 20%) and reduced the size (76%) of the nasal obstructions in 76% of these patients compared with 20% of those treated with normal saline. In contrast, one trial did not find a significant improvement in symptoms nor in the number of children with a nasal obstruction after eight weeks (200 mcg or more) of treatment (200 to 300 mcg daily). The long-term efficacy of these drugs in children with moderate to severe adenoidal hypertrophy in these days remains to be defined. The overall quality of the evidence was moderate to high, meaning that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect and may change the estimate
We included one small randomised trial (involving 24 women). The study was conducted in Mexico. This study compared a control group who received antihypertensive drugs, anticonvulsant drugs, plasma expanders, corticosteroids and dypyridamole, with an intervention group that received epidural block instead of the other drugs, as well as all the other four drugs. The study did not report on any of this review's important outcomes. For the mother, these were: maternal death (death during pregnancy, or up to 42 days after the end of the pregnancy), development of eclampsia or recurrence (recurrence of seizures), stroke, kidney failure, liver failure, HELLP syndrome (haemolysis, elevated blood platelets and low platelets) and pulmonary oedema (blood clotting). For the baby, these outcomes were: death: stillbirths (death in the baby at or after 20 weeks' gestation), perinatal deaths (deaths plus deaths in the first week of life), death before discharge from the hospital, neonatal deaths, deaths after the first 28 days; preterm birth (birth before 37 completed weeks of pregnancy); and side effects of the intervention. The included study reported that there was a reduction in maternal diastolic blood pressure. However, the change in maternal systolic arterial pressure and change in mean arterial blood pressure, which were the other reported outcomes of this trial, were not significantly different between the two groups. There is not enough evidence to show that the effect of epidural translates into improved outcomes for the mother and her baby. Thus, there is a need for larger, well-designed studies to come to a conclusion as to whether the lowering of vasomotor tone by epidural therapy results in better outcomes for both mother and baby, and for how long that could be maintained. Another important question that needs to be answered is how long should
We found 16 randomised clinical trials that compared glucocorticosteroids to placebo or no intervention. Fifteen trials (one of which was an abstract) provided data for analysis. The participants were between 25 and 70 years old, and had different stages of alcoholic liver disease. Most of them were men. Follow-up, when reported, was up to the moment of discharge from hospital, until they died, or for at least one year. There was no evidence of effect on death due to any cause or on health-related quality of life. The certainty of the evidence was very low for all-cause mortality up to three months following randomisation, serious adverse events during treatment, and the number of participants with any complications. We are uncertain about the effect estimate of no effect of no difference between glucocorts and placebo on death from any cause, liver-related deaths, and non-serious adverse events up to one or three months' follow-up after end of treatment. Due to inadequate reporting, we cannot exclude increases in adverse events. Based on the information that we collected from the published trial reports, only one of the trials seems not to be industry-funded. The remaining 15 trials did not report clearly whether they were partly or completely funded by the industry. As the CIs were wide, we were unable to rule out significant benefits or harms of the treatment. Therefore, we need placebo-controlled clinical trials, designed according to the SPIRIT guidelines and reported according to CONSORT guidelines. Future trials ought to report depersonalised individual participant data, so that proper individual person-level data meta-analyses of the effects of the treatments in subgroups can be conducted.
We included four trials involving 245 participants in the review. The studies were conducted with people who were relatively young and the timing after stroke was varied. Study sample sizes were generally small, and interventions, controls and outcome measures varied, and thus it was inappropriate to pool studies. Included studies were at a low risk of bias for most of the domains, with a high/unclear risk-bias identified in the areas of: performance (participants who were not blinded to allocation), and attrition (incomplete outcome data due to withdrawal) bias. Key results: there was no clear evidence of improved on-road scores immediately after training, or at six months, in any of the four studies. Secondary outcomes: road sign recognition was better in people who underwent training compared with control. There was insufficient evidence to draw conclusions on the effects on vision, other measures of cognition, motor and functional activities, and driving behaviour with the intervention. We found limited evidence that the use of a driving simulator (based on one study with 73 participants) may be beneficial in improving visuocognitive abilities, such as road sign recognition, that are related to driving. However, these results were based on a single study. Side effects were not reported. At present, it is not clear which impairments that influence driving ability after stroke are amenable to rehabilitation, and whether the contextual or remedial approach, or a combination of both, are more efficacious.
We included eight studies with 582 participants in this review. Five studies were conducted in hospitals with 519 participants (range 28 to 296). Mean ages of study participants were 65 to 73 years, the proportion of male participants varied (58% to 84%), and COPD was classified as severe or very severe. Corticosteroids were given at equivalent daily doses (three to seven days) for short-duration and longer-duration treatment (10 to 15 days). Five studies administered oral prednisolone (30 mg in four, tapered in one), and two studies provided intravenous corticosteroid treatment. We did not find a difference in risk of treatment failure (failure to complete the treatment) between the short- and the longer-term courses of treatment. No difference was found in the risk of relapse (a new event) or the time to the next COPD exacerbation (time to the start of the next flare-up). Length of hospital stay (time spent in hospital) and lung function (time at the end of treatment) did not differ between the shorter and longer courses of steroid treatment. In one large study that was powered to detect non-inferiority (time from one COPD flare up to another) five days versus 14 days was compared. In five studies there was no difference in the likelihood of an adverse event between the two groups of participants. We graded the quality of the evidence as moderate, meaning that further research may have an important impact on our confidence in the results or may change the results.
We included one randomised controlled trial (13 participants) in this review. The trial was only published as an abstract and contained only 13 participants. There was insufficient evidence to show a difference in the number of deaths due to any cause. There were no anaemia-related complications (cardiac failure) and no reported effect on activity. The study did not report on: mortality due to bleeding/infection/transfusion reactions, quality of life, length of hospital stay, hospital admissions, serious infections, or serious bleeding. The quality of the evidence was very low. The one included study was not large enough to detect a difference between the groups in terms of risk of death, transfusions, or red blood cell transfusions. We identified three ongoing trials that assess RBC transfusion strategies in people with MDS. There is currently a lack of evidence for the recommendation of a specific transfusion strategy for bone marrow failure patients having supportive treatment only. Further randomised trials are needed to identify the best way to give blood to such patients.
We found two studies that evaluated the effects of educational games on patient and process-care outcomes. The first study evaluated a game based on the television game show "Family Feud". This study did not assess any patient or process of care outcomes. In the second study, a game was compared with a traditional case-based learning approach. The study compared the two types of game with each other and found that the group that was given the game had higher scores on the knowledge test. There was no difference between the two groups in terms of knowledge at 3 months. The level of reported enjoyment was higher in the game-based group. The findings of this review do not confirm nor refute the use of games as a teaching strategy. There is a need for more high-quality research to explore the impact of games for health professionals.
This review identified eight trials involving 475 people with unipolar affective disorder. Two of the studies included a mixed group of people with either bipolar or unipolar disorder. There was some evidence that lithium or antidepressants may prevent relapse in people with this condition. However, it is not clear how effective these drugs are at preventing relapse. There is a need for more research in this area.
The review of trials found that the amifostine has no significant effects on the salivary glands in differentiated thyroid cancer patients. Moreover, no health-related quality of life, morbidity or costs were evaluated in these trials. Randomised controlled trials with low risk of bias are needed to guide patient-oriented outcomes to guide treatment choice.
We included three studies involving 45 children aged between 29 months and six years with Down syndrome. Two studies compared parent-mediated interventions versus TAU, and the third compared a parent-medicine plus clinician-mediated intervention versus an intervention delivered by a clinician. The studies lasted from 12 weeks to six months. One study gave nine group sessions and four home-based sessions. Another study gave weekly, individual clinic-based or home-home sessions, lasting 1.5 to 2 hours, over a six-month period. The third study provided one 2- to 3-hour group session followed by bi-weekly, single clinic- or once-weekly home visits for 12 weeks. The findings from the three included studies were inconsistent. Two of the three studies found no differences in expressive or receptive language abilities between the groups. However, they did find that children in the intervention group could use more targeted vocabulary items (words and phrases) with language targets in certain contexts, compared to those in the control group; this was not maintained 12 months later. In one study, most strategies were maintained at 12 months postintervention. No study found any evidence of language attrition following the intervention in either group, while one study found positive outcomes on children’s socialisation skills, including improvements in behaviour and socialisation. One of the studies looked at parents’ adherence to the treatment through attendance data, and found that mothers in the group attended seven out of nine group and were present for four home visits. All three studies noted differences in most measures of how the parents talked to and interacted with their children, and in one study most strategies remained in place up to 12 months after the intervention. None of the included studies measured use of the strategies outside of the intervention sessions. We found only three small studies of very low quality. We judged all three studies to be at high risk of bias, meaning that the results may not be reliable. We also judged one study to be
We included two randomised clinical trials from 1987 and 2004 with a total of 148 participants. Both trials had a high risk of bias. There was insufficient evidence at 3 to 6 months follow up to judge the effect of exercise-based cardiac rehabilitation compared to no exercise on patient-relevant outcomes, including death and serious adverse events. Included trials did not report on health-related quality of life, and the outcomes of heart valve surgery class, left ventricular ejection fraction and cost. We did find that, compared with control (no exercise), exercise-brief exercise may increase exercise capacity. Due to a lack of evidence, we could not evaluate the impact on other outcomes. We found no evidence at 12 months of follow-up for the return to work outcome. The quality of the evidence was very low.
We found five studies that compared meditation with usual care, palliative care or both. Two studies evaluated meditation, and the others evaluated multi-disciplinary care interventions that involved a chaplain or a spiritual counsellor as a member of the intervention team. The quality of the studies was limited by the small number of participants and by the lack of reporting of design features. The studies found no overall significant difference between those receiving meditation or usual care on quality of life or well-being. However, when meditation was combined with massage, in the medium term, it buffered against a reduction in quality oflife. In the palliate care intervention studies, there was no significant difference in the effect of meditation on overall well being. In all the studies, it is unclear if all the participants in the comparative groups received support from the chaplain and/or the spiritual counselor, or both, as part of routine care. The paucity of quality research indicates a need for more rigorous studies. Such studies are under-evaluated. All five studies identified were undertaken in the same country.
We included six trials with a total of 137 participants. We found two studies with 45 participants examining the effects of tDCS compared to control (sham tDCS) on our primary outcome, impairment. There was very low quality evidence for no effect on change in UPDRS score. However, there was some evidence of an effect on the Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (UPDRS) motor subsection score. One study with 25 participants measured the reduction in off and on time (time that symptoms are not controlled by the medication) with dyskinesia, but there was no evidence of any effect. Two studies with 41 participants measured gait speed using a timed gait test. There were no differences in dropouts and adverse effects between the tDCS group and the control group. We did not find any evidence of a difference in the number of people who died during the intervention phase. We also found one study with 16 participants that compared tDCS plus movement therapy with sham tDCS. The quality of the evidence for the main outcome of impairment was low. We rated the quality of evidence as very low, meaning that the true effect may be quite different from what we found. The evidence for other outcomes was of low quality. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether tDCS is helpful for reducing off time ( when the symptoms of IPD are uncontrolled but the person's symptoms are still involuntary), and for improving health- related quality of life, disability, and impairment in patients with IPD.
We included 12 studies, all of which we judged to be at high or unclear risk of bias. Overall, the quality of evidence was low to very low. Two small studies compared LASB to placebo/sham (N = 32). They did not demonstrate significant short-term benefit for LAsB for pain intensity. One small study (36 participants) at high-risk of bias compared thoracic sympathetic block with corticosteroid, local anaesthetic, and injection of the same agents through the subcutaneous space (very low- to low-quality evidence). Of two studies that looked at the use of local anaesthetics as an addition to rehabilitation treatment, the only one that reported pain outcomes showed no additional benefit from local anaesthesia. Most of the studies found no difference in pain outcomes between sympathetic block and other active treatments. Six studies reported adverse events, all with minor effects. This update's results are similar to the previous one, and the main conclusions are unchanged. From the existing evidence, we are not able to draw firm conclusions about the efficacy or safety of this intervention. There remains a scarcity of published evidence and a lack of high quality evidence.
We searched scientific databases for clinical trials that compared antivirals and corticosteroids in people with Bell's palsy. The evidence is current to September 2016. We found 14 trials, including 2488 participants. Most were small, and most were at high or unclear risk of bias in multiple domains. We included four new studies at this update. Incomplete recovery A combination of antiviral drugs and steroids may have little or no effect on rates of incomplete recovery compared to steroids alone (low-certainty evidence). We excluded 10 trials that were at risk of being biased in several domains from this analysis and limited all analyses to studies at lower risk of systematic error (risk of arriving at wrong conclusions because of the way the trials were conducted). Recovery rates were better in participants receiving steroids alone than those receiving antiviral treatment (2 trials, 667 participants), but the evidence is too uncertain for us to draw any conclusions. The rate of complete recovery was lower with antiviral treatments than with placebo or no treatment (3 trials, 766 participants). For people with severe Bell’s palsy (House-Brackmann score of 5 and 6, or equivalent on other scales), we found no clear effect on incomplete recovery at month six compared to steroid treatment alone, but the results were imprecise. The combination of steroids plus antiviral therapy probably reduced the long-term sequelae (recurrence of symptoms) compared with steroids alone. Studies also showed fewer episodes of motor synkinesis or crocodile tears in participants who received antiviral-treated participants than those who did not receive antiviral medication. Adverse events Adverse event data were available in four studies providing data on 1592 participants. None of the four comparisons showed clear differences in adverse events between treatment and comparison arms (very low-certainties evidence). Antivirals plus steroids reduced the proportion of participants who experienced these long term sequelae compared to placebo plus steroids (2 studies, 469 participants
We included two studies, including 97 women, in this review. One study compared LHRH agonist (leuprorelin) use in relapsed (platinum-resistant) EOC with a chemotherapeutic agent (treosulfan) (Du Bois 2002). The other study compared decapeptyl (decapeptine) versus a placebo (Currie 1994). Since both studies had different control groups, a meta-analysis was not possible. There may be little or no difference between treatment with either leuprorerelin or treosulfans in terms of overall survival (OS), progression-free survival (PFS) at six and 12 months. Quality of life was not reported in this study. Alopecia (hair loss) and fatigue were probably more common with treos sulfan than leuporelin (very low-quality evidence). Adverse events were incompletely reported. No side effects were reported for either treatment group. The Currie 1994 study reported mean PFS of 16 weeks verus 11.2 weeks. No relative effects measures or P value at a time point were reported. Overall survival, QoL and quality of life outcomes were not reported. In addition, adverse events were only mentioned for the decapptyl group. Adverse effects were not described for the placebo group. Based on this review, there is not enough evidence to comment on the safety and effectiveness of LHRh agonists in the treatment of platinum-refractory EOC. The quality of the evidence is very low.
We found 17 randomised controlled studies that included term and near-term infants with hypoxaemia. Ten trials compared iNO versus control (placebo or standard care without iNO). Ninos 1997 studied only infants with diaphragmatic hernia. Mercier 1998 compared the use of iNO with control but allowed back-up treatment with iNO after two hours. This trial enrolled both preterm and term infants but reported most results separately for the two groups. Ninos 1998 studied infants who had a hernia but were not receiving oxygen. Inhaled nitric oxide appears to reduce the risk of death or use of ECMO in infants with low blood oxygen levels. This reduction was due to a reduction in the need for ECMO. Oxygenation index (OI) was improved in approximately 50% of infants receiving iNO. The OI decreased by a (weighted) mean of 15.1 (within 30 to 60 minutes after the start of the therapy), and partial pressure of arterial oxygen (PaO2) was increased by 53 mmHg. Infants who received iNO at less severe symptoms did not have better clinical outcomes than those who were enrolled but were given treatment only if their condition deteriorated. Fewer of the babies who had iNO early satisfied late treatment criteria, showing that earlier iNO treatment reduced progression of the disease, but this did not further decrease mortality nor the need to use ECMO (high-quality evidence). Incidence of disability, incidence of deafness and infant development scores were all similar between infants who were given iNO and those who did not. Infant development was not improved. Whether infants had clear echocardiographic evidence of persistent pulmonary pressure of the newborn (PPHN) did not seem to affect response to iNO therapy.
This review aimed to evaluate the effectiveness of lumbar supports for treating low-back pain. The review included fifteen studies with a total of 14,437 people. Overall, the quality of the studies was rather low. Only five of the fifteen studies met 50% or more of the internal validity items. There was moderate evidence that there was no more effective than no intervention or training, and conflicting evidence whether they are effective supplements to other preventive interventions. It is still unclear if lumba-support interventions are more effective in the treatment of people with low back pain. There is still a need for more high quality randomised trials. One of the most essential issues to tackle in these future trials seems to be the realization of an adequate compliance.
We included 57 studies with 16,784 catheters and 11 types of impregnations. The total number of participants enrolled was unclear, as some studies did not provide information. Most studies enrolled participants from the age of 18, including those in intensive care units (ICU), oncology units (cancer) and patients receiving long-term total parenteral nutrition. There were low or unclear risks of bias in most studies, except for blinding, which was impossible in most of the studies due to the CVCs that were being studied having different appearances. Overall, we found that antimicrobial CVC-impregnated CVs reduced the risk of catheter-related blood stream infection (CRBSI) by 2% (95% CI 3% to 1%), NNTB of 50 (high-quality evidence). We also found that catheter impregnation also reduced the rate of CVC colonization by 9%. However, there was no significant difference in the rates of sepsis, death from any cause or infection. The magnitude of benefits regarding CVC colony varied according to the setting, with significant benefits seen only in studies conducted in ICUs. In our subgroup analyses, we compared the magnitude of the benefits for impregnated versus non-impregnant CVS. We found that the magnitude was also not affected by the participants' baseline risks. We did not find any significant differences between the groups in adverse effects. The overall quality of evidence was high for the outcomes of CRBSI and catheter colonization. The quality of the evidence was downgraded due to a suspicion of publication bias.
The review included 15 studies, of which 14 were randomised controlled trials. The interventions took place in recognised slums or poor urban or periurban areas. The participants included 9261 infants and children and 3664 pregnant women. The study locations were mainly in Bangladesh, India, and Peru. There were no dietary intervention studies. All the studies identified were nutrient supplementation and educational interventions. These included zinc supplementation in pregnant women (three studies), micronutrient supplementation in children (eight studies), nutrition education (two studies), and nutrition systems strengthening targeting children (2 studies). Six of the interventions were adapted to the urban context (e.g. house, community, or service delivery) and seven targeted household, community or'service delivery via systems strengthening. The certainty of evidence was very low to moderate. The studies were at high risk of bias for 11 of the 15 studies and only four studies were of moderate quality. Overall, the evidence was complex to report, with a wide range of outcome measures. Consequently, only eight study findings were reported in a meta-analyses, and seven in a narrative form. There was no evidence of an effect of nutrition-specific interventions on LBW or length. The evidence was inconclusive on HFA, with very low- to low-certainty evidence, and on length at 18 months, and there was a positive impact on the effect of education interventions (478.44g, 95% confidence in the results). The evidence on stunting was of very low certainty. The findings of this review should be interpreted with caution due to the lack of evidence from outside of slum contexts, and the fact that many of the studies were carried out in poor urban settings. The results of the review should also be taken into account the challenges of urban slum programming (such as lack of social services, and high loss of follow-up). More evidence is needed of the effects of the use of multi-sectorial interventions,
This review of trials found that foam dressings are no more effective than other wound dressing treatments for venous leg ulcers. There was no difference in the number of ulcers that healed at 12 to 16 weeks in the three trials that compared foam dressing with polyurethane foam (three trials). There was also no difference between foam dressing and hydrocolloid dressings (one trial). There were no differences in the proportion of participants experiencing adverse events in the comparison of foam with paraffin gauze (two trials), hydrocapillary (a type of dressings), knitted viscose (a fabric dressing), or protease modifying matrix (a dressing that uses a drug to change the amount of fluid in the dressing). The evidence in this area is of low quality. More research is needed.
The review authors identified two studies (n = 381 IBD patients with rheumatological manifestations) that compared celecoxib (200 mg twice daily) and etoricoxib (60 to 120 mg/day) to placebo (a fake drug) in IBD. Both studies were judged to be of high quality. The two included studies were too small to be combined for analysis. There was no significant difference in the rate of disease exacerbation and side effects between celeoxi and placebo. No patients in either group died or experienced serious side effects. The results for adverse events were uncertain. GI AEs included increased stools, rectal bleeding, and inflamed mucosa in the celecoxi-treated patients. No side effects were reported in the study. The quality of the evidence was low due to small sample sizes and short follow-up durations. Thus no definitive conclusions can be drawn. Clinicians need to continue to weigh the risks and benefits of these drugs when treating patients with IBD in the short term. Further RCTs are needed.
We found 22 randomised controlled trials with a total of over 2310 participants. The included studies mostly had small numbers of participants (from 4 to 317) and short follow-up (4 to 24 weeks). At baseline, six trials included only people with ulcers that were infected. One trial included people with both infected and uninfected ulcers; two trials included people who were not infected; and the remaining 13 studies did not report infection status. The studies employed various topical antimicrobial treatments (e.g. silver, iodides), super-oxidised aqueous solutions, zinc hyaluronate, silver sulphadiazine, tretinoin, pexiganan cream, and chloramine). We performed five comparisons based on the included studies: 1. Antimicrobial dressings compared with non-antimicrobial wound dressings: Pooled data from five trials (945 participants) suggest that more wounds may heal when treated with an antimicrobial dressing than with a dressings that do not contain antimicrobials (i.e. antibiotics). The evidence was of low or very low certainty, and the 95% confidence intervals (CI) spanned benefit and harm. The evidence on side effects or other outcomes was uncertain. 2. Topical antimicrobial agents compared with systemic antibiotics: We included four studies with 937 participants. These studies reported no wound-healing data, and we are uncertain about the relative effects of these treatments on the resolution of infection in infected ulcers and on surgical resection. There were four trials with 132 participants in this comparison that contributed variously to the estimates of outcome data. There is probably little or no difference in the risk of side effects between the compared topical and systemic treatments. The only review-relevant outcome reported was the number of wounds healed, and these data were also uncertain. The overall certainty of the evidence was low to very low. This means that we have little confidence in the results
We included six studies in this review that involved 5193 participants. We did not identify any new studies for inclusion in this update. We found that zinc supplementation reduced the incidence of pneumonia in children by 13% and the prevalence of pneumonia by 41% in the six studies. On the basis of this review, we found that children who received zinc supplementation were less likely to have pneumonia. However, we did not find any difference in the number of children who had pneumonia defined by a specific clinical criteria (i.e. age-specific fast breathing with or without lower chest indrawing). The quality of the studies was low.
The review of trials found that, despite its benefits in preventing diarrhoeal illnesses, vitamin A has only a limited effect in preventing LRTIs. Vitamin A caused an increased incidence of acute LRTI in one study; an increase in cough and fever; and increased symptoms of cough and rapid breathing in two other studies. This result is outside our current understanding of the use of this drug for preventing acute LUTIs. Low-dose vitamin A appears to have fewer side effects and at least equal benefit to a high dose. Positive effects appear to be limited to populations with acute and chronic under nutrition.
The review of trials found that theophylline has a modest effect on lung function and blood gas tensions in people with COPD. These benefits were seen in people receiving a variety of different bronchodilators (oral and inhaled) and in people who had COPD that was moderate to severe. There was a very low dropout rate in the studies that could be included in this review, which suggests that people recruited to the studies may have been known by the investigators to be theophyLLine tolerant. This may have limited the generalisability of these studies.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) involving 439 children aged 1 year to 18 years. All studies enrolled small numbers of children and used different methods to provide oral immunotherapy. Each study used a different method of giving oral immuneotherapy. Three studies used placebo and seven used an egg avoidance diet. Key results We found that most children (82%) were able to eat a full serving of egg (1 g to 7.5 g) compared to 10% of children in the control group. However, fewer than half (45%) of children (10%) of the children who received oral immun therapy could eat full servings of egg, compared to 5% of those who did not. Mild-to-severe adverse events were frequent, with 75% of people in the oral treatment group having mild- to severe adverse events, compared with 6.8% of the control. Of note, seven studies used a diet that avoided egg. Adverse events occurred in 4.2% of participants, which may relate to accidental ingestion of egg-containing food. Overall, the quality of evidence was judged to be low due to the small number of studies and events, and because some of the studies had problems with how they were conducted. It appears that giving people who are allergic to egg a small amount of egg over one to two years increases their tolerance to the food, with almost everyone becoming more tolerant, and almost half of people being totally tolerant of egg by the end of treatment. We also found that 1 in 12 children (8.4%) had serious allergic reactions requiring epinephrine/adrenaline, and some people gave up the treatment. The quality of the evidence was low because there were few studies and the number of participants was small. Further research is likely to have an important impact on the confidence we have in the results.
We included four randomised controlled trials involving a total of 579 participants. The evidence is current to August 2015. The review found that there is no evidence that an ILR-based diagnostic strategy reduces long-term mortality as compared to a standard diagnostic assessment. No data were available for short-term deaths. Data from two trials seemed to show no difference in quality of life, although this finding was not supported by a formal analysis due to differences in both the scores used and the way the data were reported. Cost analyses from two studies showed higher overall mean costs in the ILR group, if the costs incurred by the implant were counted. The average cost per diagnosis and the mean cost per arrhythmic diagnosis were lower for participants randomised to ILR implant. Moderate quality evidence shows that aetiologic diagnosis is more likely to be made with ILR than with a standard assessment. The quality of the evidence was very low due to the small number of studies and participants, and the fact that only two studies had considered death as a primary outcome. Further trials evaluating the effect of ILR in the diagnostic strategy of people with recurrent unexplained syncope are warranted. Future research should focus on the assessment of the ability of ILRs to change clinically relevant outcomes, such as quality oflife, syncope relapse and costs.
We found four small studies that met the inclusion criteria. These studies enrolled 275 patients with 282 hydroceles. All studies were assessed as having low or unclear risk of bias for selection bias, detection bias (bias), attrition bias and selective reporting bias. Blinding was not possible for patients and investigators based on the type of interventions. There were no differences in clinical cure between the two groups. There was a significant increase in recurrence of the disease in those who received sclerotherapy compared with surgery. One study reported a non-significant decrease in fever (low fever). There was an increased risk of infections in the surgery group, however this increase was not statistically significant. Three studies reported pain in the patients who received surgery. The frequency of pain was higher in the surgical group. Radiological cure was not reported. Only one study reported patient satisfaction at three and six months; there was no clear difference between the treatment groups. The cure rate in short-term follow-up was similar between the groups. However, there is significant uncertainty in this result. There is a great need for further rigorous RCTs that assess the use of different types of sclerosant agents, sclerosing solution concentration and injection volume for the treatment of hydrocoeles. It is also important that these studies have sufficiently large sample size and long follow up. Studies should evaluate clinical outcomes (pain, recurrence, satisfaction, complications and cure using validated instruments). The protocols for all studies should be registered in clinical trial registries. The reports of these studies should conform with international guidelines of trial reporting, such as CONSORT. Cost-effectiveness studies should also be undertaken.
We found one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared nebulised recombinant human deoxyribonuclease (rhDNase) with a placebo (fake drug) in 40 children with tracheomalacia and a respiratory tract infection. We assessed it to be a RCT with low risk of bias. We found that there was no significant difference between groups for the proportion cough-free at two weeks. However, the mean change in night time cough diary scores in favour of the placebo group (mean difference (MD) 1.00; 95% CI 0.17 to 1.83, P = 0.02). The average change in daytime cough diary score from baseline was better in the control group (MD 0.70;  95% CI -0.19 to 1). Other outcomes (dyspnoea, and difficulty in expectorating sputum scores, and lung function tests) favoured placebo over rhDNase, but did not reach levels of significance. There is currently a lack of evidence to support any of the therapies currently utilised for the treatment of intrinsic trachealacia. For those with less severe disease, RCTs on interventions such as antibiotics and chest physiotherapy are clearly needed. Outcomes of these RCT are likely to include measurements of the trachea and physiological outcomes in addition to clinical outcomes. It is unlikely that any RCT on surgically based management will ever be available.
We included 21 studies with 2658 participants. All studies assessed the effectiveness of some form of psychological therapy. Fourteen studies evaluated forms of cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT); the remainder evaluated other forms of CBT, such as third-wave CBT (mindfulness), psychodynamic therapies, and integrative therapy. We found no studies that included physical therapy. Across the 21 studies, the mean number of sessions ranged from one to 13. Duration of follow-up varied between two weeks and 24 months. Most studies were conducted in healthcare settings and the open population. The duration of symptoms, reported by nine studies, was at least several years, suggesting most participants had chronic symptoms at baseline. Eleven studies (52% of studies) reported a loss to follow up of more than 20%. Most of the studies were at low risk of bias. Adverse events were seldom reported. For all studies, CBT resulted in less severe symptoms at the end of treatment. This effect was small to medium; heterogeneity was moderate; and overall quality of the evidence was low. Compared with usual care or a waiting list, psychological therapies resulted in a 7% higher proportion of drop-outs during treatment. Removing one outlier study reduced the difference to 5%. Results for the subgroup of studies (624 participants) that compared CBT with enhanced care were similar to those in the whole group. Five studies (679 participants) showed that psychological therapies were somewhat less acceptable in terms of treatment drop-out than enhanced care. When CBT was combined with other psychological therapies, the effect sizes were small. However, as most studies did not describe adverse events as an outcome measure, this result has to be interpreted with caution. As a single treatment, only CBT has been adequate studied to allow tentative conclusions for practice to be drawn. In daily practice, there is also a substantial proportion of people not willing to accept psychological treatments. It is unclear how large this group is and how this influences the relevance
We included 63 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in this updated review. In total, we included a total of 3027 participants in our analysis. We were able to synthesize data on regional anaesthesia for the prevention of PPP beyond three months after surgery from 39 RCTs. We found that epidural anaesthesia may reduce PPP three to 18 months after thoracotomy and three to 12 months after caesarean section. We also found that regional anaesthetic may reduce the risk of developing PPP after breast cancer surgery. We did not find evidence for the surgical subgroups of limb amputation, hernia repair, cardiac surgery and laparotomy. We could not pool data for adverse effects because the included studies did not examine them systematically. We judged the quality of the evidence to be moderate for all outcomes except for PPP, which was low-quality evidence. The main limitations of our evidence were the small number of studies, poor reporting of study methods and missing data. Larger, high-quality studies, including children, are needed.
Twenty-eight trials involving a total of 1742 trial participants were included. The trials compared first-generation (flupenthixol decanoate, haloperidol, thiothixene) antipsychotics (e.g. a first generation antipsychotic) versus newer (second-generation) drugs, mood stabilisers (valproate, valproate semisodium, lamotrigine, topiramate), antidepressants (fluoxetine, fluvoxamine, loxapine, phenelzine sulfate, mianserin), and dietary supplements (omega-3 fatty acid). All drugs were well tolerated in terms of attrition. There was a possible increase in self-harming behaviour, weight gain, sedation, and changes in haemogram parameters with olanzapine. A decrease in body weight was observed with topiramine treatment. No promising results are available for the core BPD symptoms of chronic feelings of emptiness, identity disturbance and abandonment. Antidepressants are not widely supported for BPD treatment, but may be helpful in the presence of a history of BPD. The available evidence indicates some beneficial effects with second-generation drugs, and dietary supplementation by omega 3 fatty acids. However, these are mostly based on single study effect estimates. The long-term use of these drugs has not been assessed.
We included seven trials involving a total of 349 participants, 217 of whom completed the studies. Four trials compared washout (saline or acidic) with no washout. Three trials were cross-over and four were parallel-group trials (RCTs). Of these, two trials were added for this update. We are uncertain if washout has an important effect on the rate of urinary tract infection or length of time each catheter was in situ because the results are imprecise. The trials assessed only three of the eight comparisons identified. Two trials reported in more than one comparison group. One trial reported data for only four participants. Only one trial was free of significant methodological limitations. There were difficulties with recruitment and maintaining participants in this study. None of the trials addressed: number of catheters used, washout acceptability measures, or health status/measures of psychological health. Very limited data were collected for health economic outcomes. We graded the quality of the evidence as low or very low because of the small number of included trials and the poor reporting of some of the results. The evidence was not adequate to conclude if washouts were beneficial or harmful.
We included 30 studies (18,682 participants in total) in this review. Eighteen studies contributed to the main objective and 22 studies contributed the secondary objectives. We found substantial differences between studies (cancer diagnosis, cancer treatment, age of participants, questionnaires used to assess fatigue, and sample size). All included studies scored at least one 'Risk of bias' item as unclear or high risk. We could not combine the results of the studies, so we presented them descriptively. The 18 studies (describing 14,573 survivors) reported the prevalence of severe fatigue. In a subgroup of three studies including 268 survivors, the prevalence was 6.7% to 12.5%. In comparison, in 12 studies (13,952 survivors), the prevalence ranged from 4.4% to 61.7%. In seven studies (1907 survivors) survivors of haematological cancer were more likely to be tired than controls. In two studies (252 survivors) brain cancer survivors were more tired than control groups. One study (17 survivors) provided the prevalence for bone cancer survivors. In four studies (included 17 survivors), survivors were tired more often than controls, but this difference was not statistically significant. We were not able to combine results for any of the reported risks and associated factors, because we could not conduct meta-analysis. The evidence is weak. It is unclear how many childhood cancer survivors suffer from severe fatigue after treatment. This is also the case for the course of tiredness following treatment, and the strength of the relationship between fatigue and associated and risk factors.
We included 36 trials involving 6914 people. There was variation in the antibiotics used, patient characteristics and risk of RTIs in the control groups. In trials comparing a combination of topical and systemic antibiotics, there was a significant reduction in RTIs and death rates in the treated group. The number of studies was too small to be sure of the effect of topical antimicrobials on RTIs or death rates. The risk of resistance occurring as a negative consequence of antibiotic use was only explored in one trial. A combination of oral and systemic prophylactic antibiotics reduces the risk of respiratory infections and death in adult patients receiving intensive care.
This review of five studies found insufficient evidence to support the use of physical restraints in geriatric long-term care homes. The studies showed inconsistent results. One study in the nursing home setting showed an increase of PR use in both groups, while the other three studies found reduced use of PR after seven and 12 months of follow up respectively. The single study examining residents in group dwelling units found no change in PR use after six months. There is insufficient evidence supporting the effectiveness of educating nursing staff for preventing or reducing use of a physical restraint.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared glucocorticoid administration during IVF/ICSI cycles (from the day of ovulation to the day after retrieval of the eggs) with placebo (a pretend treatment). The trials involved 416 women. Two of the studies had data in a form that we could not enter into the analysis, so results from only two trials (310 women) are available. For live birth, data were available for 212 women, as the results from the larger study had data from only one study centre. The evidence was of low or very low quality for all outcomes. This was mainly due to imprecision, with low sample sizes and few events. We were unable to determine whether there was any difference between the groups in live birth rate. If the chance of live birth with placebo is 15%, the chance following supplementation would be between 7% and 31%. There was no conclusive evidence of a difference in the number of live births. There was also not enough evidence to determine if there was a difference between groups in multiple pregnancy or miscarriage rate. The quality of the evidence was very low or low for all the outcomes. More research is needed.
We included eight trials (291 participants, aged between five and 23 years) in this review. Seven trials compared standard-dose rhGH (approximately 0.3 mg/kg/week) to no treatment and one three-arm trial (63 participants) compared placebo (a pretend treatment) to standard- dose rhGH. Six trials lasted for one year and two trials for six months. We found that rhGH treatment may improve some of the pulmonary function outcomes, but there was no difference between standard and high-dose levels. There was some evidence of improvement in height, weight and lean body mass with rhGH, but no differences between dose levels. The trials show that there is a change in blood glucose levels, but this did not lead to diabetes in the short-term trials. There is low- to very low-quality evidence for improvement of lung function with no further significant side-effects. One small trial provided inconsistent evidence on quality of life. None of the trials looked at the effect of rhGH on overall healthcare costs. When compared with no treatment, rhGH therapy is effective in improving the intermediate outcomes in height and weight. Some measures of pulmonary function showed moderate improvement, but it was not consistent across all trials. The small number of trials and the short duration of treatment make it difficult to draw firm conclusions about the effects of this treatment.
We included 26 studies with a total of 1,695 participants in this review. The studies compared removal from exposure and reduction of exposure to continued exposure, or to reduced exposure. The evidence is current to September 2015. The review found that both removal of exposure and reducing exposure may improve asthma symptoms compared with continued exposure. Reduction of exposure may be achieved by limiting use of the agent, improving ventilation, or using protective equipment in the same job; by changing to another job with intermittent exposure; or by implementing education programs. The quality of the evidence is very low for all outcomes. Removal from exposure may increase the likelihood of reporting absence of asthma symptoms, and it may improve symptoms, compared to continuing exposure. However, with all three outcomes, there may be improved results in the subset of patients exposed to low molecular weight agents. No studies reported or enabled calculation of change in non-specific bronchial hyperreactivity (NSBH). In two studies, authors reported that the risk of unemployment may increase compared with reducing exposure. Four studies reported a decrease in income of 20% to 50% after removing from exposure. We found that removal from the workplace may improve lung function more than continued exposure and may also improve symptoms and lung function in the group of patients who are exposed to the agent used in the study. The results of this review should be interpreted with caution due to the very low quality of evidence and the small number of studies. More high-quality studies are needed to evaluate the effectiveness of workplace interventions for occupational asthma. Care providers should balance the potential clinical benefits of removing from the exposure or reducing exposure with the potential detrimental effects of unemployment.
The review included six trials with a total of 1758 participants. All participants were from the outpatient setting and had nonerosive reflux disease. Five trials investigated on-demand use of PPI and one trial examined abrupt discontinuation. The participants were aged 48 to 57 years. The average age of the trial participants was 73 years. There was low quality evidence that people with mild GERD who stopped taking PPI may be at increased risk of 'lack of symptom control' (e.g. dyspepsia, regurgitation) and may use more PPI pills per week than people with more severe symptoms. On-demand PPI use may be associated with a reduction in participant satisfaction. There were insufficient data to make a conclusion on long-term benefits and harms of stopping PPI. None of the included studies reported cost/resource use or positive drug withdrawal effects.
We included 13 randomised trials with a total of 995 participants. These evaluated social skills programmes versus standard care, or discussion group. We found evidence that social skills training may improve the social skills of people with schizophrenia and reduce relapse rates, but at present, the evidence is very limited with data rated as very low quality. We also found that rates of relapse and rehospitalisation were lower for social skills compared to standard care. People’s mental state results were better in the group receiving social skill programmes. Global state was measured in one trial by numbers not experiencing a clinical improvement, results favoured social skills. Quality of life was also improved in people receiving a social skills programme compared to the control group. However, we found no significant differences in the participants social functioning, relapse rates or mental state or quality of life, again the quality of evidence for these outcomes was very low. When social skills was compared to discussion there was no difference on patients outcomes. Cultural differences might limit the applicability of the current results, as most reported studies were conducted in China. Whether social skills programs can improve social functioning in different settings remains unclear and should be investigated in a large multi-centre randomised controlled trial.
We found only one study, at low risk of bias, that compared pegloticase with placebo (a pretend drug) for the treatment of tophi in people with gout. This study included 225 people with tophi at the start of the study. The participants were randomised to one of three arms: peglotics given every two weeks (biweekly) or monthly ( alternating with placebo) and placebo. The results of this study showed that peglots given biweekly reduced tophi, but increased withdrawals due to side effects in all participants. Pegloticase given monthly also resulted in more side effects than placebo. Most of the side effects were due to reactions to the drug. As 80% of side effects due to flare-ups of gout were in the placebo group, this may explain the high rate for side effects. The study did not report pain relief of 30% or greater, function, quality of life, serum urate normalisation, or serum urine normalisation. We did not include the results for tophi for all participants but not separately. This review shows that, compared with placebo, a biweekly peglotase 8 mg infusion is probably beneficial in terms of resolution of the tophi problem, but with a high risk of side effect reactions. However, there is a need for more RCT data considering other interventions, including surgery.
This review identified five studies on oral immunoglobulin for the prevention of NEC. In this review of the three eligible trials, which included 2095 newborns, the oral administration of IgG or IgG/IgA combination did not result in a significant reduction in the risk of NEC, need for surgery or death. There are no randomized controlled trials of IgA alone for the prevent of NEC in newborn infants.
The review of trials found that chemotherapy after hysterectomy and radiotherapy is associated with a small benefit in progression-free survival and overall survival. This means that chemotherapy reduces the risk of being dead at any time point by a quarter. Chemotherapy may be an alternative to radiotherapy and has added value when used in combination with radiotherapy.
We included 35 studies, from a wide range of countries on six continents. Nineteen studies were conducted in low- and middle-income settings, and sixteen in high-income countries. Some of the studies explored the views of people who had experienced the interventions, whereas others asked what people felt they would like from a digital health intervention. The studies covered a range of digital targeted client communication, for example reminders, prenatal health information, support for smoking cessation while pregnant, or general sexual health information. Our findings showed that clients' experiences of these types of programmes were mixed. Some felt that they felt more connected to each other, as they felt that someone was taking the time to send them messages. They also described sharing the messages with their friends and family. Some clients had poor access to cell networks and to the internet. Others had no phone, had lost or broken their phone, could not afford airtime, or had changed their phone number. The cost of messages could also be a problem. Many thought that messages should be free of charge. Language issues as well as skills in reading, writing, and using their mobile phones could be problems. Clients who had health problems such as HIV, family planning, or abortion care were concerned about how the messages were sent, and some clients suggested ways to deal with this, such as using neutral language, tailoring the content, timing, and frequency of messages, and asking clients' views about who sent the messages. For an overview of the findings and our confidence in the evidence, please see the 'Summary of qualitative findings' tables.
We searched for studies that compared methadone with any other opioid agonists, placebo (a pretend treatment) or other medications for the treatment of opioid dependence. We found 24 randomised controlled trials involving 2467 people. The results of the review indicate that the medications used in these studies are similar in terms of overall effectiveness, although the severity of withdrawal symptoms differed according to the type of medication used and the program adopted. However, the majority of people in the studies relapsed to heroin use. The review shows that slow tapering with temporary substitution of long-acting opioids, with the exception of paiduyangsheng, can reduce withdrawal severity.
This review found nine studies involving 1109 participants. Antagonist-induced withdrawal is a more intense but less prolonged treatment than withdrawal managed with reducing doses of methadone, and the dose of naltrexone sufficient for blockade of opioid effects can be established much more quickly with this approach compared to other forms of detoxification. The level of sedation does not affect the intensity of the withdrawal, although the duration of the sedation may influence withdrawal severity. There is a higher risk of adverse events with heavy, compared to light, sedation. The high cost of anaesthesia and the use of scarce intensive care resources mean that this form of treatment should not be pursued.
We included fourteen studies in the review. The studies lasted from very short (10 days) studies of the intramuscular preparation, to longer (three months) studies lasting over three months. The evidence is current to May 2013. We found that, compared to other typical antipsychotics, there was no evidence of a difference in effectiveness between molindone and placebo. There was also no evidence that it was any more or less likely than typical drugs to cause movement disorders, but it did cause significantly more weight loss. The strength of the evidence relating to this compound is limited, owing to small sample size, poor study design, limited outcomes and incomplete reporting.
We included 20 studies with a total of 2125 participants covering 23 different treatments. Each study involved a different set of treatments. They can be grouped into those including a bleaching agent, hydroquinone, tretinoin, and fluocinolone acetonide, as well as combinations of these, rucinol, vitamin C, and Thiospot. Triple-combination cream was found to be more effective at lightening melasma when compared to a single cream (hydroquinone) alone. Azelaic acid (20%) was more effective than 2% of the recommended dose (2%) but not 4% (4%) of the suggested dose (4%). In two studies, t retinoin treatment was compared to placebo. In both studies, participants rated their melasma as improved in one study but not the other. In one of the studies, the adverse events most commonly reported were mild and transient (e.g. skin irritation, itching, burning, and stinging). The quality of studies evaluating melasma treatments was poor and available treatments inadequate. High-quality trials on well-defined participants with long-term outcomes to determine the duration of response are needed.
Twelve trials, which randomised 1319 participants, were included in the review. All studies were a minimum of one year long. A significant reduction in surgical failure in the first year after trabeculectomy was detected in eyes at high risk of failure and in eyes for the first time receiving 5-FU postoperative injections (RR 0.67, 95% CI 0.51 to 0.88). This translates to a number needed to treat for a beneficial outcome of 4.1 for the high-risk patients, and 5.0 for patients receiving postoperative 5.FU. No surgical failures have been detected in studies assessing combined surgery. No evidence was found of an increased risk of serious sight-threatening complications. Intraocular pressure was also reduced in the patients receiving intraoperative (before and after) 5,FU and regular-dose postoperative (after). There was no significant change in intraoperative or postoperative eye pressure in the combined surgery group. No significant change occurred in the low-dose (after) surgery group receiving low-dosage postoperatively. No serious side effects were found. None of the trials reported on the patients' perspective of care. The quality of evidence varied between subgroups and outcomes, most notably, the evidence for combined surgery and low-dose (before) and after-surgery (postoperatively) groups was found to be of very low quality. This means that further research is very likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the results.
This review of 50 studies with 16,154 participants found that long-term use of inhaled steroids (more than six months) did not consistently reduce the rate of decline in lung function. There was no significant effect on mortality. Longer use of ICS reduced the mean rate of exacerbations in those studies where pooling of data was possible. The rate of reduction in quality of life was slightly lower in the ICS group than in the placebo group. In the long term studies, there was a higher rate of pneumonia in people taking ICS compared to those taking placebo. The risk of side effects was increased in people who were treated with ICS, but the risk of hoarseness was similar in both groups.
We included 80 randomised controlled trials (5820 women) in this review. They compared 20 different NSAIDs (18 non-selective and two COX-2-specific) with placebo, paracetamol or each other. Most of the studies were commercially funded. NSAIDs appeared to be more effective for pain relief than placebo. However, NSAIDs were associated with more adverse effects. NSAID use is associated with a substantial risk of side effects (overall adverse effects, gastrointestinal side effects, neurological side effects). NSAIDs appear to be a safe and effective treatment for dysmenorrhoea, but women using NSAIDs need to be aware of the substantial side effects. There is not enough evidence to determine which (if any) individual NSAID is safest or most effective for the treatment of women with dysmen or rhoea. We rated the quality of the evidence as low, mainly due to poor reporting of study methods.
We included seven studies that compared high versus low levels of PEEP (2565 participants). In five of the studies (2417 participants), the comparison was made between high- and low-level PEEP with the same tidal volume. However, in the remaining two studies (148 participants), there was a difference in the tidal volume between the two groups. In the three studies that were included, the meta-analysis (combining of the results of the different studies) showed no significant differences in the risk of death before hospital discharge. Oxygenation was improved in the high-PEEP group. The number of ventilator-free days did not differ between the groups. The data also show that high levels of ventilation produced no clear difference in risk of a barotrauma, but rather improved oxygenation to the first, third, and seventh days. The subgroup of participants with ARDS showed decreased mortality in the ICU. In two of the three included studies, the authors used a protective ventilatory strategy involving a low tidal volume and a high level of ventilation. This review indicates that the included studies were characterized by clinical heterogeneity.
This review included 42 studies involving 11,399 patients. Fifteen studies were excluded from the original review (nine retracted from publication due to concerns about the integrity of data and six lacking patient creatinine data for the calculation of RIFLE criteria). Overall, there was an increase in the risk of kidney failure in the HES treated patients compared to the non-treated patients. The risk of AKI was increased by an average of 1.22 times (95% confidence interval (CI) 1.08 to 1.37). There was no difference in the number of patients with AKI based on the kidney failure outcome. However, the risk was higher in patients treated with HES products. The current evidence suggests that all HES product increase the risk in AKI and RRT in all patient populations. In most clinical situations it is likely that these risks outweigh any benefits, and alternate treatments should be used in place of HES. Overall, methodological quality of the studies was good.
We identified nine studies that enrolled a total of 682 participants. Seven studies compared Rheum officinale with no treatment and two studies compared it with captopril, an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor. The evidence is current to August 2015. The review found no evidence that the treatment improved SCr and BUN levels in patients with CKD. Only minor adverse events were reported in association with Rheam officinare. No data were available on all-cause mortality or cost of treatment. The quality of the evidence was low or very low.
We found 13 papers, representing data from 2745 individuals (n = 1413) with dementia. The IQCODE can be used to identify older people in the general hospital setting who are at risk of dementia and require specialist assessment. It is useful specifically for ruling out those without evidence of cognitive decline. We found no significant differences in the test accuracy of the short (16-item) versus the 26-item version, or in the language of the questionnaire. The language of administration did not affect test accuracy, which supports the use of the tool. These findings are qualified by the significant heterogeneity, the potential for bias, and suboptimal reporting found in the included studies.
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 91 participants. All three studies investigated various types and intensities of rehabilitation programmes following BoNT for upper limb spasticity in adults with a stroke. Rehabilitation programmes included: modified constraint-induced movement therapy (mCIMT), task practice therapy with cyclic functional electrical stimulation (FES) (a type of electrical stimulation), and dynamic elbow splinting and occupational therapy. There was 'low quality' evidence for mCIMTs improving upper limb motor function and spasticities in chronic stroke survivors, up to six months, and'very low-quality' evidence that dynamic elbow spinting (elevating the elbow) reduced elbow range of movement at 14 weeks. The optimal types (modalities, therapy approaches, settings) of therapy (types of treatment, types of participants, therapy types, settings, and types of interventions) and the best intensities (outcomes) of treatment for improving activity (both active and passive function) in adults and children with post-stroke spasticness, in the short and long term, are unclear. No trials explored the effect of MD rehabilitation on 'passive function' (e.g. caring for the affected limb), caregiver burden, or the individual's priority goals for treatment. The overall quality of the evidence was low. Further research is needed to build evidence in this area.
We identified four randomised clinical trials, recruiting 136 participants. Two trials compared the use of lamivudine alone versus HBIg alone. A third trial compared combination treatment with the antiviral drugs lamvudine and hibicapro (HBIg) and a fourth trial compared the treatment of patients with chronic HBV after liver transplant with the combination of lamvUDine and HBIG versus lamivUDine alone. No clear evidence was found from these trials to suggest that long-term combination treatment can prevent the recurrence of HBV infection. This review could not derive clear evidence from randomised trials that the combination treatment is effective in preventing HBV recurrence.
The review of trials found that sugar pill (sulphonylurea) did not improve metabolic control more than insulin alone at three months and at 12 months of treatment and follow-up. In addition, there was evidence that sugary drink (SU) gave poorer metabolic control (mean difference in glycosylated haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) from start to end of study: -1.3% (95% CI -2.4 to -0.1; P = 0.03, 160 participants, four studies, four trials, 12, 30, 36 and 60 months) compared to insulin alone. There was also evidence that SU caused earlier insulin dependence (proportion of people requiring insulin at two years was 30% (P < 0.001) in the SU group and 12.5% in the insulin group). No intervention influenced fasting C-peptide, but insulin maintained stimulated levels (7.7 ng/ml) better thanSU (one study, mean difference 7.7 ng/ml). In one study (74 people) using Chinese remedies, GAD65 (glutamic acid decarboxylase, formulated with aluminium hydroxide), improvements in fasting and stimulated blood glucose levels (20 μg) were maintained after five years. One study showed that vitamin D with insulin may protect pancreatic beta cells in LADA. There were no information on health-related quality of life, complications of diabetes, cost or health service utilisation, mortality and limited evidence on adverse events. There is no evidence for or against other lines of treatment.
We included 70 studies (44,958 participants) in the review, and 63 studies (42,784 participants in the meta-analyses). Overall, the risk of bias assessment showed that the quality of the evidence was moderate or low for most outcomes. Outcomes at four or more months post-intervention were of particular interest to assess when effects were sustained beyond the short term. We have pooled effects across delivery modes only for those analyses for which differences in delivery modes were not substantial. The results of this review indicate that no substantive meaningful benefits were found for social norms interventions for prevention of alcohol misuse among college/university students. The effect sizes were too small to be of relevance for policy or practice. Moreover, the significant effects are not consistent for all misuse measures. In addition, heterogeneity was a problem in some of the analyses and bias cannot be discounted as a possible cause of these findings.
We included three trials with a total of 492 participants who had received 530 THA. The evidence presented was of very low quality. One study (81 participants) compared outcomes for participants randomised to the provision of hip precautions with or without the prescription of postoperative equipment and restrictions to functional activities. There were no incidences of hip dislocation or adverse events in either group during 12 postoperative months. The study did not measure pain, function, health-related quality of life (HRQOL), re-operations, or total adverse events. We are uncertain if hip precautions, without the addition of equipment or restrictions, are effective in preventing hip dislocations and improving outcomes for people who have had a hip replacement operation. There is no evidence to support the use of a postoperative education and rehabilitation service to promote functional ADL in the community. The quality of the evidence was very low. One trial (265 participants; 303 THAs) evaluated the provision (with and without the introduction of equipment, restrictions and/or postoperative interventions) of the following interventions: (1) providing hip precautions (1/152) compared to without providing equipment (0/151); (2) providing an enhanced postoperative rehabilitation service (146 participants); and (3) providing a standard rehabilitation programme (146 people) on hospital discharge. There was no difference in the number of people who were satisfied with the rate of recovery, pain score, HRQOL, re-operation rate or total side effects between the groups. We were not able to assess the impact of these interventions on pain and restriction on personal ADL, EADL and instrumental ADL. We also could not assess the effect of the interventions on functional ability. The overall, we are uncertain of the effectiveness of the included studies. Further high-quality trials are needed to assess different types of occupational therapy interventions for those who undergo THA, both in the short and longer-term. An assessment of the impact
This review found three randomised controlled trials that compared LNG-IUD use with expectant management. In two trials, there was a reduction in the number of women with painful periods in the two groups. In one trial, pain scores were lower in the women receiving LNG, but this did not reach statistical significance. There was no difference between groups in the proportion of women who were satisfied with treatment. The evidence is up to date as of September 2013.
We included 24 studies, with the majority (20/24) giving concerns about risk of bias. All studies were conducted in high-income countries, predominantly in the USA (14/24). All of the included studies investigated food products. None investigated alcohol or tobacco. The majority of the studies took place in laboratory settings, with adult participants (17/24), and used between-participants designs. Six studies investigated changing the number of foods available, and four studies changed the proportion of less healthy (to healthier) options. Most studies (4/6) changed the way snack foods or drinks were placed. For selection outcomes, we found that people who were exposed to fewer options were more likely to select the food(s) they were most interested in. For consumption outcomes, the evidence was of low or very low certainty. We found that the farther away the snack food or drink was placed, the greater the reduction in consumption. We also found that when the food was placed farther away, people were less likely to choose the food. For other outcomes, there was very low or low certainty evidence. We conclude that changing the amount of food available, or changing the way foods were placed, could change people's behaviour. However, the certainty of this evidence is low. To enable more certain and generalisable conclusions about these effects, more research is needed. This research needs to be carried out in real-world settings, where people eat a wider range of foods, as well as alcohol and tobacco products, and over sustained time periods. This plain language summary has been adapted by the review authors from an original summary originally written by Ben Gray, Senior Peer Researcher, McPin Foundation (http://mcpin.org/).
We found no randomized controlled trials that evaluated the effect of PEP on HIV seroconversion. However, we found one case-control study that compared a four-week PEP regimen with no PEP with a placebo (pretend PEP) or with zidovudine (an antiretroviral drug). We found that PEP is not 100% effective in preventing HIV infection. There was no difference in the rates at which cases and controls were offered post-exposure prophylaxis (anti-hIV drugs) with or without PEP. There were also no differences in the number of people who stopped taking the antifungal drug after PEP compared to those who did not take it. We found no studies that looked at the use of two or more antirerviral drugs for occupational PEP, but we found that people who received a three-drug regimen were more likely to stop taking the drug, especially indinavir (a drug used to treat HIV infection). We conclude that the current practice is based on limited evidence of effect. More rigorous evaluation of adverse events, especially in the developing world, are required. We also recommend that healthcare workers be counseled about expected adverse events and the strategies for managing these. They should also be advised that, due to the low risk of HIV infection, a very large sample size would be required to show an effect. This plain language summary was adapted by the review authors from a summary originally written by a consumer, Ben Gray, Senior Peer Researcher, McPin Foundation (mcpin.org/).
This review found that CBT is a useful approach to the management of chronic pain. CBT has small to moderate effects on pain, disability, mood, and catastrophising, but not on pain or mood, when compared with an active control group. Behavioural therapy has no effects on mood, but showed a small effect on mood immediately post-treatment. There is no evidence to support the use of CBT for the treatment of people with chronic pain, but there is some evidence that it has some benefits at six months.
We included 15 national initiatives, including more than 260,000 people, in the review. None of the initiatives were provided in lower-middle-income or low-income countries. All of the studies were conducted in developed countries. Ten of the 15 studies provided sufficient data for us to be able to assess the impact of the interventions. Five of these showed mean decreases in salt intake per person from before the start of the study to post-intervention. Five studies showed a decrease in average daily salt intake (1.15 grams/day less) from Finland to Ireland. Two studies showed an increase in the average salt intake of people in Canada and Switzerland. The remaining studies did not show a statistically significant mean change. Seven of the 10 initiatives were multi-component and incorporated a range of interventions (e.g. food product reforms, food procurement policy in specific settings). Of those seven, four showed a mean decrease in the mean salt intake from before and after the intervention (see above), and one showed an average increase of 0.80 grams more per person. Nine of these studies provided information on the impact by sex (men and women separately). For women, three of the five initiatives (Austria, China, Finland, France, United Kingdom) showed a reduction of salt intake, three (Netherlands, Switzerland, United States) showed no significant change, and one (Canada) showed an increased salt intake. For men, five of the nine initiatives (five in Austria, four in France, three in the Netherlands, one in the UK and two in the USA) showed changes in salt consumption from pre and after intervention. Information was insufficient to indicate whether a differential change in mean salt consumption occurred by other axes of equity included in the PROGRESS framework. We identified no adverse effects of these initiatives. The number of initiatives was insufficient for us, and the quality of the evidence was very low. Many studies had methodological strengths, including large, nationally representative samples
We included seven studies in the review. All studies had a small number of participants (ranging from seven to 16 people per study) and had a cross-over design. Three studies were of low risk of bias, while four were of uncertain risk. Amitriptyline (three studies), bromocriptine (one study), clonidine, propranolol (1 study), levodopa (Prolopa®), and tryptophan were compared with placebo. These drugs were used to treat sleep bruxism. The results were imprecise and were consistent with benefit, no difference or harm. We combined the results for each of the drugs, according to specific outcomes: 1. amitriptypride versus placebo for masseteric EMG activity per minute, 2. bromOCriptine versus placebo, 3. levodoprope versus placebo or L-tryptophan vs placebo, 4. Clonidine vs placebo for the number of episodes of bruising, 5. levadopa versus placebo (or placebo) for the duration of sleep, and 6. propranol versus placebo. The use of preventive medication did not result in any side effects. One study reported that people taking amitripyline had less rapid eye movement (REM) sleep stage and were more likely to have a second stage of sleep. However, results for other sleep-related outcomes were uncertain. Adverse effects were frequent in people who took amitride (5/10 had drowsiness, difficulty awakening in the morning, insomnia or xerostomia compared with 0/10 in the placebo group), as well-taken amitriene (7/16 people had moderate to severe pain and 2/16 had moderate pain compared with 2/1 in the control group). Clonidine was associated with prolonged morning hypotension. There was insufficient evidence on the effectiveness of medicines for the treatment of sleep bru
We included 10 randomized controlled trials with a total of 1015 participants. All studies compared an enteral formula or additional omega-3 fatty acids (i.e. eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoside (DHA), gamma-linolenic acid, and antioxidants) with the usual diet. The studies were heterogenous in nature and varied in several ways, including type and duration of interventions given, calorific targets, and the reporting of outcomes. We assessed some of the included studies as being at high risk of bias due to methodological shortcomings. All 10 studies reported deaths. We are uncertain of the effects of immunonutrition on death due to any cause. For the primary outcome, we found no difference in death from any cause between groups. For other outcomes, such as ICU length of stay, ventilator days, and oxygenation, we are uncertain, as we assessed the quality of the evidence to be very low due to the very low number of studies. For adverse events, we were uncertain, due to very low quality of evidence, as confidence intervals include the potential for increased risk of cardiac, gastrointestinal, and total adverse events.
We included 33 studies in this review, which compared different methods of elicitation. We found that more specific questioning led to more AEs detected compared to a more general enquiry. However, the impact on the nature of the AE detected by different methods is not clear. There was no common statistical rubric, but we were able to measure some effect measures as a risk ratio of the proportion of people with at least one AE. This showed that more severe AEs were only detected by an interview, while other studies did not find a difference in nature of AEs between the two methods. No conclusions could be made regarding the impact of the question method on the ability to detect an AE difference between study groups. There is a risk of under-detection of AE in studies using a general elicitation method, compared to those using a comprehensive method. This could compromise ability to pool AE data. There were concerns that methods to elicite AEs may influence the detection of these data. The wide variety and low quality of methods to compare the methods used in the studies limited this review. Future studies would be better by using clear definitions and terminology for AEs, frequency and time period over which they were studied, how they were graded, assessed for a relationship to the study drug, and coded/reported. Any chosen method needs to be feasible for use by both staff and participants. While the many potential AE endpoints in a trial may preclude the development of AE patient-reported outcome measurement instruments, much could also be learnt from how these employ both quantitative and verbal methods to better understand data elicited.
We found 15 studies that assessed interventions to prevent SUDEP in people with epilepsy. Eight studies did not assess interventions for preventing SUDEP. Five studies measured the ability of devices to detect GTCS but did not directly measure SUDEP; and two studies assessed risk factors for SUDEP but not interventions for prevention. We found one study that assessed the effect of nocturnal supervision on the risk of SUDEP, but this study was at serious risk of bias. This study of 154 people with SUDEP and 616 people with 616 controls found a protective effect for the presence of a supervising person in the same bedroom and when a special precautions, for example a listening device, were used. This effect was independent of seizure control. We did not find changes to anxiety, depression, and quality of life, and the number of people attending the hospital. We rated the quality of the evidence as very low. Further research is required to identify the effectiveness of other current interventions, such as seizure detection devices (seizure detection devices), safety pillows, SSRIs, early surgery evaluation, educational programmes, and opiate and adenosine antagonists, in preventing the development of a seizure-related epilepsy attack.
This review included seven studies with a total of 208 people with cystic fibrosis. The age of participants ranged between seven and 63 years with a wide range of disease severity reported. One study was of parallel design with the remaining six being cross-over designs. The studies lasted between four days and two years. Six studies enrolled people who were clinically stable, whilst participants in one study had been hospitalised with an infective flare-up of their disease. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. The main reasons for this were the frequent use of a cross over design, outcome reporting bias and the inability to blind participants. The review's primary outcome was the amount of air in a person's lungs that could be pumped out in one second. This was reported by all seven studies. Six of the seven included studies measured lung function and three of the studies used mid peak flow (per cent predicted). Six studies reported sputum weight. Three studies reported on quality of life, but only three studies reported this outcome. There were no differences found between any of the techniques used with respect to the outcomes measured except for one, where autogenic drainage was described as being the preferred technique of the participants in a study. There was no difference between postural drainage and percussion. None of the included studies reported any adverse events. There is a need for more research to better evaluate the effectiveness and safety of autogenic ventilation. The number of studies included in this review was small and the studies were of poor quality. Therefore, the results of this review should be interpreted with caution.
This review found that psychological therapies, based on CBT principles, were more effective than TAU/WL in reducing anxiety, worry and depression symptoms in the short-term. However, CBT was not shown to be superior to supportive therapy (non-directive therapy, attention-placebo conditions). Further studies examining non-CBT models are needed to inform health care policy on the most appropriate form of psychological therapy in treating GAD.
The review of trials found that giving progestogen to women with recurrent miscarriages may reduce the rate of miscarriage in subsequent pregnancies. There was no clear difference in the number of women having a live birth or preterm birth. There may be little or no difference in low birthweight and trials did not report on the outcomes of teratogenic effects on the babies or admission to special care units. None of the trials reported on any other important outcomes for women, such as the severity of morning sickness, thromboembolic events, depression, admission to a special care unit, or subsequent fertility.
We included 14 studies with a total of 1298 participants. Nine studies (704 participants) compared CM vs. control, and five studies (594 participants) examined MIB interventions versus control. We did not find any studies that assessed other types of psychosocial interventions. For the most part, it was unclear if the included studies were adequately controlled for bias in the way they were conducted, as such information was not often reported. The included studies rarely measured the outcomes of mothers and their babies. For studies that did measure such outcomes, there was no difference in pre-term birth rates, maternal toxicity at birth, or low birth weight. However, the results did show that babies born to mothers who received CM interventions spent fewer days in hospital for fewer days after delivery. There were no differences observed at the end of studies in retention or abstinence of drug use (as assessed by positive drug test) in any of the treatment groups compared to control. Overall, the quality of the evidence was low to moderate. The present evidence shows that there is no difference between CM and MIB in terms of treatment outcomes to address drug use, when taken in the presence of other comprehensive care options. It is important to develop a better evidence base in this area.
We identified 31 studies (44 reports) including 27,071 participants and two ongoing studies. The risk of bias in the studies was low or unclear for several domains. Compared to transfemoral approach, the transradial approach may reduce short-term net adverse clinical events (NACE) (i.e. adverse events that can occur during hospitalisation and up to 30 days of follow-up) and cardiac death. However, myocardial infarction (heart attack) was similar between both groups (high quality evidence). In addition, there was a lower procedural success rate, but was no difference in the risk of all-cause mortality. There was no evidence regarding bleeding, access site complications, and access site problems beyond 30 days. There is insufficient evidence regarding the long-term clinical outcomes.
We found two studies of palliative care interventions for people with advanced dementia. Both studies were at high risk of bias, in part because participants were aware of which group they were in. This and small sample sizes meant that we could not pool the data. The two studies measured 31 different outcomes, yet they did not measure the same outcome. We did not pool data due to the differences between the two trials in terms of the interventions and the settings. There are six ongoing studies that we hope to include in future versions of this review. The certainty of the evidence was very low. One study (99 participants) looked at the effect of a team of carers for people who had an acute illness. While this study reported that the carers were more likely to be able to make a plan for the care of their patients, the plan was only adopted for two participants, both in the intervention group, while in hospital. This study found that the palliation plan was more likely than the control plan to be available on discharge. We found no evidence that the intervention affected the number of people who died in hospital, decisions to forgo cardiopulmonary resuscitation in hospital or the quality of care provided during hospital admission. For the latter, there were low event rates, but the results were uncertain. One trial (256 participants, each enrolled with a family carer) evaluated the effect on end-of-life feeding options on decision-makers of nursing home residents. Data from this study were re-analysed for the review. In this study, intervention surrogates were found to have lower scores for decisional conflict (a measure of conflict) and to discuss feeding options with a clinician. However, we were unable to combine the results of this study because of the small number of participants in the study. We conclude that there is not enough high quality evidence to assess the effects of these interventions in people with dementia.
Three randomised controlled trials were included in this review. There were no significant differences between the two methods of sequencing adjuvant therapy for local recurrence-free survival, overall survival, relapse-free (time to death) and metastasis-free treatment in women with breast cancer treated with concurrent chemoradiation. However, there was an increased risk of anaemia (low white blood cell counts), telangiectasia (diffusion of blood), pigmentation and neutropenia (blood infection) with the use of RT before CT. There was no difference in the risk of adverse events with either method of sequencing. On the basis of one trial (244 women) there was a higher risk of sepsis (blood poisoning) in women treated with RT after CT compared with CT before RT, but other measures of toxicity did not differ.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving a total of 622 participants. The RCTs were conducted in the community setting, with interventions mainly delivered by health professionals, and had a short- to medium-term follow up (up to 24 weeks). Three trials compared CrP plus resistance or weight training with placebo (a substance that looks and tastes the same as CrP but has no active ingredient). The other three trials compared the same CrP dose with placebo. We focused this review on which dose of CrP would prove most effective versus placebo. However, in order to find out if CrP works in general, we also analysed the effect of all pooled CrP doses versus placebo on body weight. We found no firm evidence and no dose gradient when comparing different doses of crp with placebo for weight loss measures (body weight, body mass index, body fat composition, change in waist circumference). Only three studies provided information on side effects. There were two serious side effects in participants taking 1000 µg CrP, and one serious side effect in an individual taking 400 µg crp. Two people taking placebo discontinued the study due to side effects; one of these was reported as serious. No study reported on death, illness, morbidity, health-related quality of life or socioeconomic effects. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. There is no current, reliable evidence to inform firm decisions about the efficacy and safety of taking CrP supplements in obese adults.
This review aimed to assess the effectiveness of antiseptics for wound healing after surgery. Eleven studies with a total of 886 people were included. These evaluated a range of treatments for wounds healing by second-wound healing. One study compared a zinc oxide mesh dressing with a plain mesh dressing. There was no clear evidence of a difference in time to wound healing between groups. Two other studies compared different iodine preparations with no treatment. The results of these studies were limited and we were not able to combine the results to get a clear picture of the effects of these treatments. One small study found that sucralfate cream increased the chances of healing open wounds following haemorrhoidectomy compared to a petrolatum cream. This evidence was graded as being of moderate quality. The study also reported that there was lower wound pain scores in the sucral fate group. There were no clear differences in the time to healing of open wounds when treated with Triclosan post-operatively or with a standard sodium hypochlorite solution. This was classed as low quality evidence. More open wounds resulting from excision of pyomyositis abscesses healed with a honey-soaked gauze compared with an EUSOL (EUSOL is a type of wound dressing) over three weeks' follow up. Evidence was taken from one small study that only had 43 participants. More Dermacym®-treated foot wounds in people with diabetes healed compared to those treated with iodine. Again, this evidence was from a single small study with 40 participants. This means it is likely or very likely that further research will change the estimate of effect, and may change this estimate. There is no robust evidence on the relative effectiveness of any antiseptic/antibiotic/anti-bacterial preparation evaluated to date for use on SWHSI.
This review identified five randomised studies with a total of 1049 women evaluating five different techniques during either amniocentesis (three studies) or CVS (two studies). There was no conclusive evidence that any of these techniques were of benefit. The same applies for terbutaline tocolysis and use of continuous vacuum aspiration. Overall, the quality of the evidence summarised in this review is not of sufficient quality to change current clinical practice. In the absence of clear evidence, the operators should continue to use the methods and technique modifications with which they are most familiar with. Any randomised trials of technique modifications, performed to high standard, with adequate safety outcomes and power to detect important clinical differences would be clearly welcome.
We included 10 studies: four provided data for quantitative analyses (437 participants). Five studies were randomised controlled trials (1182 participants) and three were non-randomised studies (1181 participants). Three of these studies were conducted in low-income countries (South Africa, China, Mexico, and Bangladesh), and one study was in high-income country (Bangladesh). Three studies included maize flour fortified with folic acid and other nutrients. The duration of interventions ranged from two weeks to 36 months. The evidence is current to September 2015. The studies were of low certainty. The certainty of the evidence was downgraded from very low to low because of the small number of studies and participants, and because the quality of the included studies was not high. In one non-RCT, women who consumed maize flour fortified with folate and other micronutrients were less likely to have neural tube defects, spina bifida, and encephalocoele, but not anencephaly, compared to women consuming unfortified flour. However, women consuming folate-fortified maize porridge had higher erythrocyte folate and plasma folate concentrations compared to those who did not consume this intervention. In a cluster of studies among children, there were no significant effects of fortified wheat flour flatbread on haemoglobin or anaemia. Women of reproductive age consuming maize flourfortified wheat flour porridge did not have higher levels of folate or plasma folate, or any other adverse effects. The overall certainty of evidence was very low for the following outcomes: 1. Neural tube defects: none of the studies reported this outcome. 2. Folate status: pregnant women who received folate fortified maize flour had significantly higher serum folicate concentrations (mean difference (MD 238.90 nmol/L, 95% confidence interval (CI) 149.40 to 328.40); 1 study, 38 participants; very low-certain
We identified six trials. Two trials involving 1,124,483 neonates (210 with CF) with a maximum follow up of 17 years were eligible for inclusion. The two trials compared screening with no screening. One trial compared screening versus traditional diagnosis. The other trial compared screened versus non-screened participants. We found that screening can improve lung function in people with CF. Screening seems to reduce the risk of poor lung function. Severe malnutrition was less common among screened participants. At age seven, 88% of screened and 75% of controls had lung function within normal limits. At diagnosis chest X-ray scores were better in screened participants, but this improvement was not seen over time. Results were no longer significant after adjustment for the genotype, pancreatic status, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa-culture test results. In screened infants colonisation with Pseudomatosis occurred earlier. The cost of screening through screening is less expensive. Nutritional benefits are apparent. We conclude that screening provides potential for better pulmonary outcomes, but confounding factors influenced long-term pulmonary prognosis of people with cystic fibrosis.
We found five randomized controlled trials, recruiting a total of 7314 participants, with a mean follow-up of 4.5 years. Only one trial (ACCORD) compared outcomes with 'lower' (< 120 mmHg) or'standard' (< 140 mmHG) blood pressure targets. The total number of participants in this trial was 4734. Despite achieving a lower blood pressure target (119.3/64.4 mm Hg lower systolic blood pressure) and using more blood pressure lowering drugs, we did not find any difference in risk of stroke, heart attack, myocardial infarction, or heart failure. There was a trend towards a reduction in the risk of death in the group assigned to the lower DBP target. However, trying to achieve the lower target resulted in more serious adverse events. End-stage renal failure was not reported in any of the trials. The quality of the evidence was low, mainly due to a high risk of selection bias for every outcome in favor of the 'lower target in the trials for the analysis of DBP targets. At the present time, evidence does not support blood pressure lower than the standard target in people with high blood pressure and diabetes. More trials are needed, with future trials reporting total deaths, total adverse events as well as cardiovascular and renal events.
This review found that non-removable casts are more effective in healing plantar foot ulcers than removable casts, or dressings. Other comparisons included surgical debridement of ulcers; felt fitted to the foot; felted foam dressings and none of these showed a significant treatment effect.
We found five studies that met the inclusion criteria for the review. These studies included a total of 235 participants. Each study focused on breast cancer survivors. Two trials of computer-assisted cognitive training interventions (n = 100) and two trials of compensatory strategy training interventions, one of meditation and one of physical activity intervention were identified. All five studies had a high risk of bias. Data for our primary outcome (cognitive function) were not amenable to being pooled statistically. Cognitive training demonstrated beneficial effects on a range of cognitive function tests (including processing speed, executive functions, language, delayed- and immediate- memory), subjectively reported cognitive function and mental well-being. Compensatory strategy intervention demonstrated improvements on delayed-, immediate and verbal-memory tests and spiritual quality of life tests. The meta-analyses of two RCTs (95 participants) did not show a beneficial effect on physical well being immediately or two months post-intervention. The evidence for the effects of cognitive training on cognitive function was of low quality and, therefore findings should be interpreted with caution. We assessed the studies using GRADE for mental health outcomes and this evidence was rated as low quality. Larger, multi-site studies including an appropriate, active control group, as well as consideration of functional outcomes (e.g. activities of daily living) are needed in order to come to firmer conclusions about the effects or otherwise of this approach. There is also a need to conduct research into the impact of cognitive impairment in cancer patient groups other than women with breast cancer. Overall, the, albeit low-quality evidence, may be interpreted to suggest that non-drug treatments may have the potential to reduce the risk of, or ameliorate, cognitive impairment following cancer treatment.
We found five trials, all from the 1970s, randomising 343 participants. We excluded one trial. The results of this review show chlorpromazine and piperacetazine may have similar clinical efficacy, but data are based on small numbers of participants and the evidence is of very low quality. We can not make firm conclusions based on such data. The overall methodology and reporting by the trials was poor. Only short-term data were available. Results from the included trials found that, in terms of global state improvement, there was no clear difference in global state, when rated by a psychiatrist, between chlor promazine and the older and newer antipsychotics. One trial reported change in the mental state scale Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS). No clear difference was observed. In both groups, around 60% of participants experienced some sort of adverse effect, with approximately 40% of these people experiencing some parkinsonism-type movement disorder. No difference in the numbers of people leaving the study early for any reason was seen. No trial reported data for change in negative symptoms or costs. The quality of the evidence was very low. More high quality research is needed.
This review found five randomised trials with a total of 207 participants. The trials compared the use of colorectal stents with emergency surgery for the treatment of coloredomatous obstruction. There was no difference in the 30-day mortality between the two groups. The 30 day mortality rate was 2.3% in both groups. However, there was a higher clinical success rate in the emergency surgery group. The stent insertion was successful in 86.02% of the attempted stent placement. The complication rate was 39.22% in the colonic stent group and 45.71% in emergency surgery. The mean time of clinical relief of obstruction was 0.66 day in the group of patients who had a stent and was 3.55 days in the other group. There were no significant differences in the complication rate between the groups in terms of death or morbidity. The average time of hospital stay was 11.53 days and the average procedure time was 17.15 days. The procedure/operating time was 113.93 minutes in the colic group compared to 143.85 minutes for the group that had an emergency stent. The median blood loss was 50 ml in each group and 350 ml in the stent-only group.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) (1867 women) comparing human albumin, human heparin, HES and mannitol versus placebo (dummy treatment) or no treatment. The evidence was of very low to moderate quality for all comparisons. The main limitations were imprecision, poor reporting of study methods, and failure to blind women to the treatment they received. There was evidence that the plasma expanders assessed in this review reduce rates of OHSS in women at high risk. However, there was evidence of a detrimental effect on pregnancy. This suggests that if the chance of pregnancy is 40% without treatment, it will be 32% (27% to 38%) with the use of albumin. If the rate of moderate OHSS with no treatment is 12%, there will be 9% (6% to 12%) with intravenous albumin (moderate quality evidence). However, if the rate is moderate or severe OHSS (16% (2% to 10%) with no intervention, there is no evidence of an effect (very low quality evidence), and there was no evidence (low quality evidence) of a beneficial effect (low or very low risk) on pregnancy rates. There is evidence that HES, or HES alone, or both, reduce OHSS, but the evidence of effectiveness was based on very few trials which need to be confirmed in additional RCTs before they should be considered for routine use in clinical practice. Adverse events appear to be uncommon, but were too poorly reported to reach any firm conclusions, and there were no data on live birth.
This review found 10 studies involving 484 patients. There was no evidence suggesting superior efficacy of any one sclerosant over another, but there was some evidence that sclerotherapy was superior to placebo. The evidence did not suggest an increase in patient satisfaction with any one agent compared with another. Patients were less satisfied with placebo. More research is needed to determine the optimal agent(s) and the ideal dose to achieve the best results and maximize patient satisfaction.
We included seven studies (241 participants) in this review. Meta-analysis of these seven included studies was not possible due to differences in the treatments studied and because many of the studies did not provide sufficient information with their results. No study evaluated the efficacy of pharmacological treatments for preventing clinically relevant outcomes such as death and cardiac arrhythmias; however, there is evidence that several commonly used therapies effectively reduce serum potassium levels. Of the studied agents, salbutamol via any route and IV insulin-dextrose appear to be most effective at reducing serum potassium. There is no evidence to support the use of other interventions, such as IV sodium bicarbonate or aminophylline. None of the included studies evaluated the effect of IV calcium or potassium binding resins in the treatment of hyperkalaemia.
We included 39 studies involving 4216 participants in this review. Thirty-nine studies, involving 3392 participants, were included in the review. Antimicrobial lock solutions were compared to standard sealing solutions (usually heparin) of the CVC for HD. Antibiotic lock solutions (antibiotic and non-antibiotics) probably reduce CRI per 1000 catheter-days (27 studies: low certainty evidence). However, the effect on the risk of CRI and risk of thrombosis is uncertain. The combination of antibiotic and the combination of both the lock solution and the control (control) made little or no difference to the CRI or risk of clots in the vein (14 studies: very low certainty of evidence). The effect on CRI for tunnelled CVC was uncertain (9 studies: 9 studies: 0.60, 95% CI 0.40 to 0.91). The combined analysis of these studies showed that both the use of an antibiotic and an antimicrobial lock solution (13 studies: 47% and 47%, respectively) probably reduced CRI, but there was no effect on risk of a blood clot (4 studies: 4% CRI/1000 catheter days). The results of the review suggest that antimicrobial and combined lock solutions decrease CRI compared to control lock solutions, but we cannot be certain of this finding. The evidence is of low certainty. The quality of the included studies was low or unclear for most of the domains. Therefore, more studies are needed to confirm the efficacy and safety of antimicrobial locks.
We identified 15 randomised controlled trials (1098 participants) comparing pre-emptive therapy with placebo or standard care. Six studies compared pre-eternal treatment with standard care, eight studies compared antiviral prophylaxis with antiviral treatment alone, and one study compared oral and intravenous pre-start treatment. The evidence is current to September 2015. Pre-eteral therapy is effective compared with placebo and standard care in preventing CMV disease in solid organ transplant recipients. There were no significant differences in the risks of all-cause mortality, graft loss, acute rejection and infections other than CMV. There was no significant difference in the risk of developing leucopenia (inflammation of the mucus membranes) between pre-ethanol and placebo. Other adverse effects did not differ significantly or were not reported. The quality of the included studies was considered to be moderate to high. All studies were considered to have a low risk of bias. Only one study reported adequate blinding of participants and personnel; no study reported blinding of outcome assessment. We found that the processes reported for sequence generation and allocation concealment and selective reporting of study results were of high quality in only in five and three studies, respectively.
We identified three randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly allocated to a treatment group) comparing sweet potato preparations with placebo (pretend treatment) in 140 people with type 2 diabetes mellitus. All three studies were performed by the same trialist. The trials lasted from six weeks to five months in duration. There was no difference in glycosylated haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) (a measure of glycaemic control) between the groups. There were no serious side effects. Diabetic complications, death from any cause, health-related quality of life, well-being, functional outcomes and costs were not investigated. Overall, the risk of bias of these trials was unclear or high. In conclusion, there is not enough evidence to recommend the use of sweet potato for the treatment of diabetic complications. Further observational trials and RCTs are needed to guide any recommendations in clinical practice.
We included 19 studies with a total of 440 people with cystic fibrosis. The age of the participants ranged from six to 63 years (mean age 22.33 years). The studies compared the active cycle of breathing technique with autogenic drainage, airway oscillating devices, high-frequency chest compressors, conventional chest physiotherapy, and other therapies. Most of the studies were cross-over studies (studies in which participants were assigned to one of two or more treatments in a random fashion) and did not report on key quality items, which means that the results may not be reliable. Five studies, with data from eight different comparators, found that the active cycles of breathing techniques were comparable with each other in outcomes such as participant preference, quality of life, exercise tolerance, lung function, sputum weight, and number of pulmonary exacerbations. However, there was no significant difference in lung function or the number of people having an exacerbation of their lung disease. No significant difference was seen in quality of breathing, airways oxygen saturation, or oxygen saturation between the main comparison groups. Preference of technique varied, with more people preferred autogenic drains over the active flow of air through the lungs; more preferred the use of high-fibre chest compression devices; and more people were more comfortable with the breathing technique compared with high-speed chest compression. There is insufficient evidence to support or reject the use or reject any of the therapies in this review. Long-term studies are needed to more accurately assess the effects of these therapies.
This review has provided evidence that brief co-incubation of sperm and oocytes may improve the ongoing pregnancy rate for infertile women undergoing IVF. The evidence is up-to-date as of September 2014. Eight randomised controlled trials with 733 women in total were included in this review. The low quality evidence showed an increased ongoing pregnancy and clinical pregnancy rate compared to the standard insemination protocol. Live birth was not reported in any of the included studies. For ongoing pregnancy, there were 127 ongoing pregnancies in two trials including 426 women. Measuring clinical pregnancy, the evidence showed that there were 93 clinical pregnancies in three trials including 372 women. For the miscarriage rate, six miscarriages were reported in one trial including 167 women. This evidence suggested that there was no significant difference in the odds of miscarriage between the two methods. The overall quality of the evidence was low.
This review of five studies found that infants with poorly compliant lungs should be ventilated with a short IT. Long IT was associated with an increase in the risk of air leaks and deaths before hospital discharge. Caution should be exercised in applying these results to modern neonatal intensive care, because the studies included in this review were conducted prior to the introduction of steroids, post natal surfactant and the use of synchronised modes of ventilatory support. Most of the studies had single pathology (HMD) and no studies examined the effects of IT on newborns ventilated for other reasons, such as meconium aspiration and heart disease (lungs with normal compliance).
We included 33 studies involving 5110 patients. There is a large variety in the ways the TFU was performed (the health professionals who undertook the intervention, the way it was measured, the frequency, structure, duration, etc.). Many different outcomes have been measured, but only a few were measured across studies. Effects are not constant across studies, nor within patient groups. Overall, there was not enough evidence to conclude that TFU is an effective intervention. No adverse effects were reported. The low methodological quality of the studies means that results must be considered with caution.
We identified 38 relevant trials. These trials were conducted across a spectrum of disease areas, countries, healthcare and community settings. The trials evaluated six broad types of strategies to improve retention. These were incentives, communication strategies, new questionnaire format, participant case management, and behavioural interventions. For 34 of the trials, retention was response to postal and electronic questionnaires with or without medical test kits. For four trials, it was the number of people remaining in the trial. Most of the retention trials evaluated questionnaire response. There were few evaluations of ways to improve participants returning to trial sites for trial follow-up. Some other strategies evaluated in single trials looked promising but need further evaluation. There was no good evidence that the addition of a monetary incentive, an offer of a non-money incentive, or 'enhanced' letters, letters delivered by post, additional reminders, or questionnaire question order increased or decreased trial questionnaire response/retention. As most of the studies were based on single trials, the effect on questionnaire response of offers of charity donations, sending reminder letters, and when a questionnaire is sent, may need to be further evaluated. The results of this review should be interpreted with caution.
We included eight studies that involved a total of 829 participants. The studies compared the use of the Classic laryngeal mask with the ProSeal larynx mask (pLMA or cLMA) in people who were admitted to the intensive care unit. We did not find any studies that compared the two devices in terms of failure of oxygenation or ventilation. We are uncertain about the effects of either of the airway devices because there were very few events. The quality of evidence for all outcomes, as assessed by GRADE score, is low mainly owing to issues related to blinding and imprecision. Data show no differences between devices with regard to failure to insert the device, use of an alternate device, sore throat, bronchospasm, gastric insufflation, regurgitation, coughing, and excessive leak. We were unable to assess differences for obstruction related to the device. None of the studies reported nausea and vomiting as an outcome. Results were uncertain for several complications. Low-quality evidence from these studies suggests that pLMA may be a better seal device and that it may be quicker to insert, but this finding is unlikely to be clinically meaningful.
We included 19 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) with a total of 1453 children. Fifteen of these studies were not included in the previous review. The studies included children with a range of illnesses, but five trials specifically recruited children with irritable bowel syndrome. The average age of the children ranged from 6.3 years to 13.1 years. Most studies were conducted in gastroenterology clinics. Fourteen of the studies were of probiotics-based interventions (13 studies), and four studies of fibre diets (four studies). We found that children treated with probiotics were more likely to experience a reduction in pain at zero to three months postintervention than those given placebo. However, we found that there was no difference in pain intensity between the groups at the same time point. We also found that fibre diets were not more effective in reducing pain than placebo. We were unable to combine the results of these two studies because not enough children were included. We found moderate- to low-quality evidence that probiotics may be effective in improving pain. We judged the evidence for these two outcomes to be of low quality due to the small number of children in the studies. There was not enough evidence to be sure whether probiotics are better than placebo for improving pain in children with RAP. The quality of the evidence was moderate for pain relief, but low for other outcomes. We could not combine the data from the different studies due to small numbers of children and differences in the way they were carried out.
We included 22 studies involving 4490 participants. All were randomised trials (3 were cluster RCTs), and 19 of the 22 studies had analysable outcome data. Seventeen of the studies had student populations. Findings from the five trials with bias outcomes (n = 1196) were mixed, with effects showing a reduction, increase or consistent with no evidence of effect. Results from the two studies with dichotomous discrimination outcomes (802 and 3176) did not show an effect. The 19 trials with prejudice outcomes had median SMDs favouring the intervention, at the three following time periods: -0.38 (immediate), -0:38 (1 week to 2 months) and -0-0.49 (6 to 9 months). SMDs for prejudice outcomes across all studies ranged from -2.94 (95% CI -3.52 to -2) to 2.40 (95%). The findings indicate that mass media interventions may have a small to medium effect in decreasing prejudice, and are equivalent to the level of prejudice from that associated with schizophrenia to the major depression. The studies were very diverse, statistically, in their populations, interventions and outcomes. We could not combine results from two subgroups, and only two meta-analyses were warranted. Cost data were provided on request for three studies. They did not address cost-effectiveness. Two studies (455 and 455) contained statements about side effects, and neither reported finding any. We found no studies in middle- and low-income countries, or with employers or health professionals as the target group, and none targeted at children or adolescents. Most of the included studies were at unclear or high risk of bias for all forms of bias, except for detection bias.
We included 85 studies in our synthesis. Forty-six studies explored the views and experiences of pregnant or postnatal women, 17 studies explored their views, and 22 studies included the views of both women and healthcare providers. The studies took place in 41 countries, including eight high-income countries, 18 middle- and 15 poor countries, in rural, urban and semi-urban locations. We found 52 findings in total and grouped them into three thematic domains (11 findings, five moderate- or high-confidence); service design and provision; and what matters to women. The third domain was sub-divided into two conceptual areas (supportive care and information and safety). We found that for women, initial or continued use of ANC depends on a perception that doing so will be a positive experience. This is a result of the provision of good-quality local services that are not dependent on the payment of informal fees, and that include continuity of care that is authentically personalised, kind, caring, supportive, culturally sensitive, flexible, and respectful of women’s need for privacy. This means that staff can take the time needed to provide relevant support, information and clinical safety as and when they need it. Whether they continue to use ANC or not depends on their experience of ANC design when they access it for the first time. For women, perceptions of the value of ANC depend on their general beliefs about pregnancy as a healthy or risky state, and on their reaction to being pregnant. As well as the local socio-cultural norms relating to the advantages or otherwise of antenatal care for healthy pregnancies, and for those with complications. Such provision also depends on organisational norms and values (such as those that overtly value kind and caring staff, who make effective, culturally-appropriate links with local communities, who respect women's belief that pregnancy is a normal life event, but who can recognise and respond to complications when they arise). Healthcare providers need sufficient resources and staffing to deliver the kind of
The review of trials found that oral nimodipine reduced the risk of poor outcome and the risk for secondary ischaemia. However, the results for 'poor outcome' depend largely on a single large trial of oral nedipine. The results for other calcium antagonists are inconclusive. The review also found that magnesium sulphate is a promising agent but more evidence is needed before definite conclusions can be drawn. There is no evidence to support the use of intravenous or intramuscular administration of calcium antagonists in patients with aneurysmal sepsis. Intravenous administration cannot be recommended on the basis of the present evidence.
We identified three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) including 739 children. They all used an age of one year as the cut-off point for pre-treatment risk stratification. The first updated search identified additional data for one of these RCTs. The second update identified an erratum of this study. We found that myeloablative therapy seems to work in terms of event-free survival. However, when additional follow-up data were included in the analyses, there was no evidence of effect. There was a significant difference in overall survival between the two treatment groups. The meta-analysis of secondary malignant disease and treatment-related death did not show any significant differences between the groups. Data from one study (379 patients) showed a higher incidence of renal effects, lung problems and veno-occlusive disease (a type of cancer that affects blood vessels) in the treatment group compared to the control group. For serious infections and sepsis no difference between the treatment groups was found. No information on quality of life was reported. All studies had some methodological limitations. No conclusions can be made regarding the best treatment strategy. It should be kept in mind that recently the age cut-offs for high risk disease were changed from one year to 18 months. As a result, it is possible that patients with what is now classified as intermediate-risk disease have been included in high-risk groups. Therefore, the relevance of the results of these studies to the current practice can be questioned. Survival rates may be overestimated due to the inclusion of patients with intermediate risk disease.
We found eight randomised clinical trials (632 participants) that met our inclusion criteria. The mean age ranged from 16 years to 78 years. The proportion of men ranged from 60% to 75% and the proportion of people with advanced liver cancer ranged from 22% to 85%. The average follow-up duration was 12 months. All eight trials were at high risk of bias. TACE followed by 3-DCRT compared with TACE alone may have reduced all-cause mortality and tumour response, despite the increased risk of tumour shrinkage. We are uncertain about the effect of TACE on quality of life. None of the trials reported serious side effects. The results on non-serious side effects were as follows: TACE plus 3-dCRT showed no difference in the results for proportion of participants with leukopenia (low white blood cell count) and serum transaminases elevation (very low-certainty evidence). However, the rate of total bilirubin (a protein in the blood) elevation was higher in the TACE group. The rate of patients with serum alpha-fetoprotein (AFP) (a type of protein) without decline or normalisation was lower in the group receiving TACE, but these data were from one trial only. We rated the certainty of the evidence as low to very low. The evidence is up-to-date as of September 2016.
No randomised controlled trials were identified. However, two excluded trials provided some insights into the topic. One study showed that infants with CLD/BPD who were fed formula enriched with protein and minerals had better growth parameters up until three months of corrected age. The other study compared feeding different amounts of formula but identical feed volumes for both groups. It showed that both groups were unable to achieve the pre-designated feed volumes. There was no difference in growth, respiratory outcomes, oedema and the diuretic requirements. To date, no trials have examined the effects of increased versus standard energy intake for preterm infants with (or developing) CLD.
We included 13 studies enrolling 2341 participants (and involving 2360 procedures) in this review. The quality of evidence was very low (subclavian vein N = 3) or low for most of the outcomes, moderate for one outcome (femoral vein) and high at best for two. Most of the trials had unclear risk of bias (risk of arriving at wrong conclusions because of the way the studies were conducted), and heterogeneity among the studies was significant. Two-dimensional ultrasound reduced the risk of accidental puncture (three trials, 498 participants) and haematoma (blood clot) formation in the vein (three studies, 224 participants). No evidence was found of a difference in total or other complications. However, success on the first attempt was more likely with ultrasound, and there was a small increase in the overall success rate. No data on deaths or participant-reported outcomes were provided. The results for Doppler ultrasound versus anatomical landmark techniques for catheterization of the vein are uncertain.
Fifteen studies were included. Four studies, 29 people, used an intravenous infusion; seven studies, 131 people used a conventional oral form; four studies, 1456 people, use a controlled-release oral form, and one study, 181 people use a verum skin patch. The best dose physostigmine (mean 33 mg/day) was associated with improvement on the ADAS-Cog score compared with placebo (no treatment) at 6, 12 weeks. There were higher numbers of patients withdrawing from the trial due to side effects (22/183 vs 2/183) and suffering at least one event of nausea, vomiting, diarrhoea, dizziness, stomach pain, flatulence or sweating (at 6 weeks). There were also higher numbers withdrawing due to adverse events (13/83 vs 5/93) at 12 weeks, and there was no benefit on cognition (CGIC) at 24 weeks. The results from two of the four studies of the control-release form of the drug apply only to a group of patients identified as responders in a pre-randomization titration period. There was no difference between the higher dose (higher and lower dose) and placebo for the number of patients who improved on a test of cognitive abilities (ADAS-cog score). When no attempt was made to identify responders, all relevant patients with Alzheimer's disease were randomized, fixed dose of 33 mg or 33 mg per day (measured by a fixed-dose scale) with a fixed number of participants (mean 31/117 vs 10/117) had a higher risk of withdrawal (mean 4/358 vs 4/117). There was a higher rate of withdrawal from the study (mean 6/358 versus 5/117), and a lower risk (mean 5.7mg per day) for the fixed dose (mean 24 weeks) of withdrawing (mean 1/117 versus 1/358). The evidence of effectiveness of the drugs for the sympt
We included 13 trials involving a total of 16,112 participants. Eleven trials recruited participants with a history of heart disease, and two trials recruited people with previous stroke. One trial recruited a mix of people with both heart disease and stroke. We found that fibrates were effective in preventing stroke, non-fatal heart attack, and death from vascular causes. However, this beneficial effect relies on the use of clofibrate, a drug that was stopped in 2002 due to safety concerns. There was no increase in side effects with fibrate compared to control. We judged the overall risk of bias to be moderate. The evidence is up to date as of March 2018.
The review of trials found that giving TA (in addition to uterotonic drugs) to healthy women at low risk of excessive bleeding after elective CS (nine trials, 2453 participants) or spontaneous birth (three trials, 832 participants) decreases postpartum blood loss and prevents PPH and blood transfusions following vaginal birth and CS based on studies of mixed quality. Mild side effects such as nausea, vomiting, dizziness were more common with the use of TA. The effect of TA on maternal deaths, severe morbidity, and thromboembolic events is uncertain (low quality evidence).
We found 12 studies (2494 participants: 1586 children and 908 elderly) that compared amantadine with placebo (dummy treatment), paracetamol (one trial: 69 children) or zanamivir (two trials: 545 elderly) to treat flu A. The studies were of low quality and the safety of the drugs was not well established. The results of the studies do not indicate that amantdine and rimantadines are effective in preventing, treating, and shortening the duration of flu A in children and the elderly. There was no evidence of side effects caused by treatment with the drugs. The quality of the evidence was low or very low.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1512 women. Most of these studies included women with unexplained infertility. In seven studies the women were undergoing IUI and in two studies women were trying to conceive from sexual intercourse. Eight trials compared endometrial injury with no injury/placebo procedure. One trial compared higher vs. lower degree of injury. When we compared the results of two trials, we found no evidence of a difference between the two groups of women in terms of live birth/ongoing pregnancy rates. The quality of the evidence was assessed as very low. The main reasons for this were that most included studies were at a high risk of bias and had a low level of precision. The evidence is up to date as of February 2016. We are uncertain whether endometrium injury improves live birth or ongoing pregnancy rates in women undergoing IU or trying to become pregnant via sexual intercourse, as the quality of evidence was very low (six RCTs, 950 women). When we restricted the analysis to only studies at low risk of systematic error (low risk of random error) the effect was imprecise and the evidence remained of very low quality (one RCT, 105 women). The evidence was of low quality due to the small number of studies and the small numbers of women included in the studies. The results should be interpreted with caution as we graded the evidence as either low or very low or low quality. Further well-conducted studies that recruit large numbers of participants and minimise internal bias are required to confirm or refute these findings.
We included four randomised controlled trials (3905 participants) in this review. The studies all evaluated one comparison: professional oral care versus usual oral care. We did not pool the results from one study (N = 834 participants) due to lack of a clear difference between groups. We were not able to combine the results of one study, which was stopped at interim analysis due to not being able to show clear differences between the two groups. There was low-quality evidence from two studies (2513 and 366 participants) that professional care may reduce the number of deaths due to pneumonia in nursing home residents when compared to usual care. However, the quality of the evidence was low, and we were uncertain of the effect on all-cause mortality. We found no studies that compared oral care with no oral care, so we cannot be certain of the effects of these interventions. Only one study measured adverse effects. The study found no serious events and 64 non-serious events, the most common of which were tooth decay (not defined) and tooth staining. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2018. We could not determine whether professional oral services resulted in a lower rate of pneumonia-associated mortality compared with usual oral services over an 18-month period (one study, 2513 participants). We were also unable to determine whether or not professional oral service resulted in fewer first episodes of pneumonia compared with the usual service over a 24-month follow-up period (two studies, 366 and 141 participants). The quality of evidence for other outcomes is inconclusive. The overall, we judged the evidence to be of low or very low quality. The main limitations of this review were the small number of studies, the small numbers of participants, and the fact that the studies were at high risk of bias. Further research is needed to determine which oral care measures are most effective for reducing nursing home-acquired pneumonia. This plain language summary was adapted by the review authors from
We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 149 participants. These studies assessed bismuth subsalicylate versus placebo (fake medicine), budesonide versus placebo, mesalazine with or without cholestyramine (an antifungal drug) and beclometasone dipropionate (an anti-liver stimulating drug) against placebo. Budesonide (9 mg/day for 6 to 8 weeks) was found to be effective for the treatment of active lymphocytic colitis. This benefit needs to be confirmed by a large placebo -controlled trial. There were no differences in clinical (P=0.10) or histological ( histological response) in patients treated with bizuth sublates (nine 262 mg tablets daily for 8 weeks versus placebo) compared with placebo (GRADE = very low). Forty-six patients were enrolled in the trial studying beclometrica dipropinate (5 mg or 10 mg daily) versus mesalamide (2.4 g/day) compared to 2.4 grams per day. There was no difference between the two groups of patients in clinical remission at 8 weeks and 12 months of treatment. Although patients receiving bizutriptyline (a drug used to treat active colitis) achieved clinical remission in 8 weeks, it was not maintained at 12 months (26% and 20%, respectively). Adverse events reported in the budesonides studies include nausea, vomiting, neck pain, abdominal pain, hyperhidrosis and headache. Nausea and skin rash were reported as adverse events in the mesalidine study. No adverse events were reported for the bizotriptine study. Side effects in the beclometry dipropine study included nausea, sleepiness and change of mood. No side effects were reported in either the bisutriptine dipropate or budesonid studies. No conclusions can be made regarding
We included 12 randomised controlled trials with a total of 3259 randomised patients. Intervention duration ranged from 6 months (26 weeks) to 12 months (52 weeks). Nine trials compared self-monitoring of blood glucose with usual care without monitoring, one study compared SMBG with SMUG (smooth muscle relaxation), one study was a three-armed trial comparing SMBG and SMUG versus usual care, and one trial was a trial comparing less intensive SMBG, and more intensive and standard SMBG versus a control group. Two trials reported the costs. One trial compared the costs and effects of self- monitoring of blood sugar and urine glucose. The costs were 12 times more expensive in the first year. Higher losses to follow-up in the group of patients who received more intensive self monitoring were responsible for the difference in costs. There were few data on the effects on other outcomes and these effects were not significant. None of the studies reported data on morbidity. Based on a best-evidence synthesis, there was no evidence that SMBG affects satisfaction, general well-being, or quality of life. More research is needed in this area.
Eleven studies involving 471 participants with AsPD were included in this review. Data were available from only five studies involving 276 participants. Only two studies focused solely on an AsPD sample. Eleven different psychological treatments were examined. Each of these treatments had been developed for people with substance misuse problems. There was not enough evidence to justify the use of psychological treatments for AsPD. Only one study reported on aggression, and only two studies on reconviction. There were no studies on the effects of treatment on global functioning, social functioning, or adverse effects. Three interventions (contingency management with standard maintenance; cognitive behaviour therapy (CBT) plus maintenance maintenance; CBT with usual maintenance; and the ‘Driving Whilst Intoxicated program’, plus incarceration) appeared to be effective, compared to the control condition, in terms of improvement in at least one outcome in each study. Significant improvements were mainly confined to outcomes related to substance misuse. No study reported significant change in any specific antisocial behaviour. Results suggest that there is not enough research to justify using any type of psychological treatment to treat adults with AsPD. More research is urgently needed for this prevalent and costly condition.
This updated review included 11 studies with a total of 1047 participants. Six studies contributed to one or more analyses of the common cold. Five studies contributed data on purulent rhinitis. There was a moderate risk of bias because of unreported methods details. One study contributed only to data on adverse events. There is no evidence of benefit from antibiotics for persisting common cold or for acute purulent roninitis in children and adults. Antibiotics can cause serious adverse effects. Routine use of antibiotics for these conditions is not recommended.
We included five randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) in this review. We included 162 participants in total. Three studies were conducted in a hospital dermatology department. Participants' ages ranged from 12 to 77 years. One study declared funding by a pharmaceutical company. None of the trials measured our primary outcome, time-to-resolution, or our secondary outcome, the risk of having at least one relapse. We found only five trials (N = 162), which assessed the effects of five comparisons (penicillin, azithromycin, rifampicin, and rifamethasone) on psoriasis. We did not perform a meta-analysis due to differences in the characteristics of the participants and interventions. One three-armed trial (n = 43) assessed penicillin (50,000 international units (IU)/kg/day in three doses) versus erythromycin (250 mg four times per day) for the treatment of Guttate Psoriasis, with six weeks of treatment. The studies did not measure the proportion of participants with clear or almost clear skin. One trial (20) assessed the effect of long-term (48 weeks or more) azithomycin treatment (500 mg daily dose) versus vitamin C. Adverse events were reported in both groups (10 out of 30 had nausea and mild abdominal upset), but not in the vitamin C group. There was no difference between the two groups in the percentage of participants who achieved clear skin at the end of 48 weeks. Two comparisons (e.g. rifapicin (300 mg twice daily) versus no treatment) did not assess any of the outcomes of interest. We rated the quality of the results as very low, due to high risk of bias (absence of blinding of participants and caregivers, and unclear reporting bias) and imprecision (single study data with a
We identified 12 randomised controlled trials enrolling 933 participants with MS. Eleven trials tested vitamin D₃, and one trial tested vitamin₂. Vitamin D appears to have no effect on recurrence of relapse, worsening of disability, and MRI lesions. Effects on the quality of life and fatigue of people with MS are unclear. The evidence is up-to-date as of June 2016. Vitamin A and vitamin D appear to be safe, although available data are limited. Seven ongoing studies will likely provide further evidence that can be included in a future update of this review. The quality of the evidence was very low. The included trials provided no data on time to first treated relapse, number of participants requiring hospitalisation owing to progression of the disease, percentage of participants who remained relapse-free, cognitive function, or psychological symptoms. Vitamin B12 appears to be a safe and effective treatment for people with multiple sclerosis. Vitamin C and vitamin A appear to have similar effects on the risk of serious adverse effects and minor adverse effects. The overall quality of evidence was low.
We included 62 studies in this review, with 4241 participants. Thirty-six studies used a cross-over design, which means that participants were divided into two groups: one group was treated for one to 15 days, and the other for seven days. We excluded six studies from this update because they were not included in the previous version of the review. We found seven new studies in the last update, so we have not included them in this update. Fifteen studies compared oral morphine modified release (Mm/r) preparations with morphine equivalent (MIR). Fourteen studies used different strengths of morphine, and six of these were 24-hour modified release products. Pain relief did not differ between the two types of morphine. One study was found comparing each of the following: (1) oral morphine with morphine suspension; (2) morphine with non-opioids; (3) MIR with other opioids; and (4) morphine morphine with epidural morphine. In the previous update, a standard of 'no worse than mild pain' was set, equivalent to a score of 30/100 mm or less on a pain intensity scale (VAS), or the same in other pain scales. Eighteen studies achieved this level of pain relief on average. Where results were reported for individual participants in 17 studies, no worse pain was achieved by 96% of participants (362/377), and by 63% (400/638). Morphine is an effective analgesic for cancer pain. The effectiveness of morphine has stood the test of time, but the randomised trial literature for morphine is small given the importance of this medicine. Studies are old, often small, and were largely carried out for registration purposes and were only designed to show equivalence between different formulations. The quality of the evidence is generally poor. The review demonstrates the wide dose range of morphine used in studies, and that a small percentage of people are unable to tolerate oral morphine. Most trials recruited fewer
We included 14 trials with a total of 1260 participants. The age of participants ranged from 16 to 88 years; and the majority were women (approximately 70%). The average duration of symptoms ranged from three to 15 months. The follow-up after the procedure ranged from eight weeks to 23 months. Most studies had significant methodological flaws and were considered to be at high or unclear risk of bias. We are uncertain whether open surgery is more effective than steroid injections in resolving trigger finger symptoms. There was low-quality evidence from two trials (270 participants) from six up to 12 months that people who had open surgery had less chance of having a recurrence of symptoms than those who had steroid injection. However, there was no difference between the two groups in terms of the number of adverse events (such as infection, tendon injury, flare, cutaneous discomfort and fat necrosis). We are also uncertain whether people had more pain with open surgery than with steroid injections. The quality of the evidence was downgraded due to study design flaws and imprecision.
This review of three randomised trials, with a total of 931 participants, found that early PCV, either before or after RT, appears to improve overall survival (OS) of people with AO or AOA. However, PCV was associated with significant grade 3 and 4 toxicities, and it is not clear whether it can be substituted for RT. Furthermore, with retrospective evaluation of biomarkers, it was found that the use of markers (such as codeletion of complete chromosome arms 1p and 19q, and IDH-1 or -2 mutation) may be independent prognostic factors for OS, and may be predictive for OS in one trial. The third trial (NOA-04) looked at these biomarkers prospectively and found them to be prognostic for progression-free survival.
We included five trials with a total of 240 children aged one to 18 years with mild to moderate OSA. All trials were performed in specialised sleep medicine clinics at tertiary care centres. Follow-up time ranged from six weeks to four months. Three trials (n = 137) compared intranasal steroids against placebo; two trials (N = 103) compared oral montelukast against placebo. We excluded one trial from the meta-analysis, since the patients were not analysed as randomised. We are uncertain about the difference in AHI (AHI 1 to 30 per hour) between the two groups. We also are uncertain whether the other outcomes are different between the groups. In addition, we are uncertain if there is a difference in desaturation index (a measure of blood oxygen levels) and oxygen saturation (the amount of oxygen in the blood that can be measured using a machine to measure oxygen levels in the airway) between children who received intraluent corticosteroids and those who received placebo. The certainty of the evidence was moderate for the main outcome of AHI, but was low for the other two outcomes (respiratory arousal index and respiratory arousal index). We are also uncertain whether there is any difference in the number of apnoeas, sleepiness, and respiratory arousals in the children studied. In summary, there is not enough evidence for the use of anti-inflammatories for the treatment of OSA in children. In the short term, there may be some short-term beneficial treatment effects in otherwise healthy, non-obese children. There is insufficient evidence on the long-term effects and safety of other kinds of drugs for OSA, and no studies have been done yet.
We found six randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) and three cohort studies (including 1291 children) that investigated the prevention of VTE in children with cancer. Of the six included RCTs/CCTs, five investigated the preventative effect of systemic treatments on VTE compared with no intervention (n = 737), and one CCT compared antithrombin (AT) supplementation and LMWH (a clot-dissolving drug) with AT supplementation (71 children). All studies had methodological limitations. We found no significant effects of systemic treatment compared with a no intervention in preventing (a)symptomatic VTE, and no differences in side effects (such as major and/or minor bleeding). None of the studies reported thrombocytopenia, HIT, or PTS among participants. In one study, we found that the addition of low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) to AT supplementation resulted in a reduction in symptomatic blood clots (blood clots in the legs) without bleeding complications. However, this could be a result of the low number of included participants, which resulted in low power. In two studies, 22/68 (32.4%) children in the experimental group and 35/114 (30.7%) in the control group were diagnosed with VTE asymptomatic CVC-related VTE. None of these studies reported the occurrence of THS among children. The quality of the evidence was moderate to low. We are not able to give recommendations for clinical practice. Additional well-designed international trials are needed.
This review identified three trials with a total of 287 participants. The first trial of 98 participants showed that CSFD reduced the risk of neurological deficit in the lower extremities in 14 (30%) of CSFD group and 17 (33%) controls. The deficit was observed within 24 hours of the operation in 21 (68%), and from three to 22 days in 10 (32%). CSFD did not prevent ischaemic injury to the spinal cord. In the second trial of 33 participants, CSFD and intrathecal papaverine reduced the rate of postoperative neurological deficit by 80% compared to controls. Paraplegia or paraparesis occurred in 9 of 74 participants (12.2%) in the control group and 2 of 82 participants (2%) receiving CSFD. The third trial, of 145 participants, used CSFD for TAAA repair. CSFD was initiated during the operation and continued for 48 hours after surgery. There were no major side effects. There are limited data supporting the role ofCSFD in thoracic and thoracoabdominal aneurysm surgery for prevention of neurological injury. Further studies are indicated.
We included 13 randomised controlled trials, with a total of 662 participants. These trials compared NB-UVB with either oral PUVA, topical PUVA or no treatment. The evidence is current to August 2015. We found that the clearance rate between oral PUV and NB- UVB is inconsistent among the included studies. In one trial of NB-UVA compared with oralPUVA, the difference in PASI 75 was not statistically significant. In three other trials of CPP, the clearance rates were inconsistent because in one trial, there was no difference between the groups, and in the other two, there were significant differences between the two groups. In two trials of NBUVB compared with bath PUVA in terms of clearance rate, the evidence was also inconsistent: Pooled data from two left-right body comparison RCTs found no significant difference between left- and right-hand body groups. One RCT in people with CPP found there were no significant differences in the number of people who achieved PASIs of 75 (which meant equal to or more than 75% reduction in the Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) score) and withdrawals due to side-effects. In participants with PPP, one RCT found no differences between people who received NB-VUBB treated sides and those who received PUVA treated sides. In other trials, there seemed to be similar clearance rates between people treated with NBUVBs and those treated with PUVA. Two trials found that NBUBA plus retinoid and PUVA plus retenoid had similar effects for treating people with either CPP or GP in terms. In practice, NB-uvB may be more convenient to use since exogenous photosensitiser is not required before phototherapy. No studies reported our primary outcomes of interest for the comparison of NBUAB with conventional BB-UVBs. The quality of the evidence ranged from low to very low
This review found that biofeedback plus exercises was better than exercises alone. Adding electrical stimulation to electrical stimulation resulted in a reduction in the number of people with faecal incontinence who failed to achieve full continence. There was not enough evidence as to whether there was a difference in outcome between any of the methods of biofeed back or exercises. There were suggestions that rectal volume discrimination training (RVCT) improves continence more than sham (fake) training. Exercises appear to be less effective than an implantable sacral nerve stimulator. While there was some suggestion that some of the techniques used to help people to relax their anal sphincter muscle may be effective, this is not certain. Larger well-designed trials are needed to allow safe conclusions.
This review aimed to compare the benefits and harms of different catheter policies. Thirty nine randomised trials were included in the review. These trials were generally small and of poor or moderate quality reporting data on only few outcomes. In six trials, more people needed to be recathected if a urethral catheter was not used following surgery. In five trials, the data from five trials were not consistent but tended to indicate a higher risk of (re)catheterisation if a catheter is not used postoperatively. In 11 trials, there were fewer urinary tract infections when catheter use was reduced to less than one day. In seven trials, catheterisation was performed earlier (for example 1 versus 3 days) with no clear pattern in respect to the number of people needing to be re-catheterised. In a single small trial, the clamp-and-release policy showed a greater incidence of urinary tract infection and a delay in return to normal voiding. Despite reviewing 39 eligible trials, few firm conclusions could be reached because of the multiple comparisons considered, the small size of individual trials, and their low quality. Whether or not to use a particular policy is usually a trade-off between the risks of morbidity (especially infection) and risks of recatheterisation.
The evidence is current to September 2014. We included 10 studies (3340 participants) in the review. Seven studies compared aripiprazole monotherapy versus placebo (2239 participants); two of these included a third comparison arm—one study used lithium (485 participants) and the other used haloperidol (480 participants). Two studies (754 participants) compared arippiprazoles with valproate or lithium versus placebo as an adjunctive treatment, and one study (347 participants) looked at arioprazole compared with haloperidine (a drug used to treat mania). The overall risk of bias of the studies was unclear. A high dropout rate from most trials (> 20% for each intervention in eight of the trials) may have affected the estimates of relative efficacy. Evidence shows that people taking ariroprazole were more likely than people taking placebo to have manic symptoms at three and four weeks but not at six weeks (moderate quality evidence) - a modest difference. Arippinerazole was more effective than placebo in reducing manic symptoms in adults and children/adolescents at three weeks but caused more movement disorders (high quality evidence), with more people requiring treatment with anticholinergic medication (high-quality evidence), and caused more gastrointestinal disturbances (nausea, constipation, and movement disorders) and more people to have a prolactin level that fell below the lower limit of normal. Significant heterogeneity was present in the meta-analysis of movement disorders associated with ariperazole and other treatments and was most likely due to the different side effect profiles of lithium and haloperideol. At the three-week time point, meta-analyses were not possible because of lack of data; however, at 12 weeks, haloperacid resulted in significantly more movement problems than aripperazole, as measured on the Simpson Angus Scale (SAS), the Barnes Akathisia Scale (
We found three studies that evaluated the effect of antibiotic or other lock treatments in children with cancer. Two studies evaluated urokinase lock treatment with concomitant systemic antibiotics (n = 56) and one study evaluated ethanol lock treatment in addition to systemic antibiotics versus systemic antibiotics alone. No randomised controlled trials (RCTs) were identified on antibiotic lock treatment alone. We found no evidence of significant difference between the two types of treatments in terms of the number of children cured, number of recurrent CVC-related infections, the length of time until the first negative blood culture was taken, the need for CVCs to be prematurely removed, the admission to the ICU and sepsis. No adverse events occurred in the five publications of cohort studies (one cohort was included in two publications). CVC malfunctioning occurred in three out of five studies assessing this outcome. No RCTs or CCTs were published on the use of antibiotic lock treatments alone. All studies had methodological limitations and differences between studies were present. Not all studies were included in all analyses. More well-designed studies are needed.
This review identified 15 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one or more treatment groups) of interventions to help people with neck pain. Three TPE themes emerged. Advice focusing on activation: There is moderate quality evidence (one trial, 348 participants) that an educational video of advice to activate was more beneficial for acute whiplash-related pain, but not long-term follow-up. There is low quality evidence from one trial, 102 participants, that an advice pamphlet on advice focusing on action is less beneficial for pain reduction, or no different in function and global perceived improvement from generic advice given out in emergency care (control) for people who had a neck injury. Self-care strategies: There was no evidence to support the use of specific exercise training for chronic neck pain, advice on stress-coping skills, workplace ergonomics or self-care. Advice on pain & stress coping skills (three trials, 243 people) showed no evidence of benefit or no difference, and three trials (243 people) favoured other treatment or showed no difference. With the exception of one study, this review has not shown effectiveness for any of the three TPEs. Future research should be founded on sound adult learning theory and learning skill acquisition. Of the 15 selected trials, three were rated low risk of bias.
This review aimed to assess the best way to communicate with people at risk. No studies met the inclusion criteria for this Cochrane review. In total, 49 studies and pieces of literature were included in the review. The results of this review are presented in appendices. The thematic synthesis shows that ideally communication may be considered as a multi-phase programme, ensuring that notification and support are coordinated; that communication is tailored and responsive to need; and that activities to support individual risk communication, such as widespread education, monitoring of access to health care for those at risk, are in place. This review also shows that poor communication practices may have negative impacts or cause harm. There is not enough evidence to determine the effects of interventions to notify people at CJD or vCJD risk, and to support them subsequently, or to identify the best approach to communication in these situations.
We included one randomised clinical trial (N = 304 randomised; 204 completed; 276 analysed) in this review. After 12 weeks of treatment, RLS symptoms had improved more in the drug group than in the placebo group. The proportion of patients who were drug responders was higher in the opioid group. Quality of sleep was improved by sleep adequacy, sleep quantity, and quality of life scores. There was no difference between groups for daytime somnolence, trouble staying awake during the day, or naps. More side effects were reported in the group treated with opioids. The major side effects reported were gastrointestinal problems, fatigue, and headache. We conclude that opioids seem to be effective for treating RLS, but there are no definitive data regarding the important problem of safety. This conclusion is based on low quality evidence.
Fifteen trials involving 1022 adults with distal radial fractures of the distal radius were included. All trials compared external fixation with plaster cast immobilisation. There was some evidence to support the use of external fixation for dorsally displaced and potentially or evidently unstable proximal radial fractures. Although there is not enough evidence to confirm a better functional outcome for the external fixation group, external fixation reduces redisplacement, improves anatomical results and most of the excess surgical-related complications are minor.
We found five randomised controlled trials (1127 participants) comparing early removal of ureteric stents with late removal of the stents. The evidence is current to May 2014. It is uncertain whether early stent removal improves the incidence of MUC (low certainty evidence). The incidence of UTI may be reduced in the early removal group (5 studies, 1127 participants). This possible reduction in the UTI incidence was only apparent if a BI stent was used (3 studies, 539 participants). However, if an externalised PU stent is used there was no discernible difference in UTI occurrence between the early and late removal groups. Data on health economics and quality of life outcomes were lacking. Generally the risk of bias of the included studies was judged to be low or unclear; they addressed the research question and utilised a prospective randomised design.
We included five studies that evaluated three comparisons. Four studies compared crowns with fillings; two of them compared conventional PMCs with open sandwich restorations, and two compared PMCs fitted with the Hall Technique with fillures. One of these studies included a third arm, which allowed us to compare PMCs (fitted using the Hall technique) with non-restorative treatment. One study compared two different types of crowns: PMCs versus aesthetic stainless-steel crowns (white veneers). We found no studies that compared different methods of fitting preformed metal crowns. The quality of the evidence was very low. We found that crowns placed on primary molar teeth with carious lesions, or after pulp treatment, are likely to reduce the risk of major failure or pain in the long term compared to fillings. There were no major problems in either group in the short term. There was moderate quality evidence that there was a lower risk for major failure in the crowns group compared to the fillings group. The risk of pain was lower for the crown group. It is uncertain whether there is a difference in gingival bleeding when using crowns rather than fillings, either in short term (less than 12 months) or long term (12 months). We are uncertain about the effects of the use of PMCs when compared to non-remodelled teeth. There are no RCTs comparing crowns fitted conventionally versus using the technique of the 'Hall Technique'. We found very low quality evidence so no conclusions could be drawn. The evidence for crowns compared to other crowns, and for metal versus aesthetic crowns is very low, so we cannot be certain about the results.
This review included 28 studies involving a total of 788 people with cystic fibrosis. Most of the studies were of variable quality. In 22 of the 28 studies the PEP technique was performed using a mask, in three studies a mouthpiece was used. In three studies it was unclear whether a mask was used or not. These studies compared PEP to ACBT, autogenic drainage (AD), oral PEP devices, high-frequency chest wall vibrations (HFCWs), BiPaP (BiPaP) and exercise. Most studies did not report enough information to allow us to combine the results of these studies. We found that single treatments or series of treatments were no better or worse than other methods of airway clearance on lung function. However, there was some evidence that there was a reduction in the number of lung exacerbations when PEP was used for at least one year. In one of the included studies which used PEP with mouthpiece, it was reported that there were no differences between the two groups in terms of number of respiratory exacerbations. There was limited evidence on side effects. In a study where infants performing either PEP or PDPV experienced some reflux (reflux), this was more severe in the paediatric group. In PEP versus HFCWO, from one long-term study (107 infants) there was little or no difference in number of side effects; however, those in the PP group had fewer side effects related to the lower airways (high-certainty evidence). In one study (66 infants) which used a PEP device, there were few side effects in the flutter group (low-quality evidence). The quality of the evidence was variable. Many studies had a risk of bias as they did not state how they had been designed to ensure that the results were similar across studies. In addition, some studies had problems with how they were carried out. This means that we cannot be
We included four studies involving 1485 participants with moderate to severe Crohn's disease. Most patients were adults over 18 years of age. All studies included active CD patients with CDAI ranging from 220 to 450. Most participants were men and women. One study was identified as high risk of bias due to a non-identical placebo. The other studies were judged to be at low risk. CZP (100 mg to 400 mg every 2 to 4 weeks) was superior to placebo for achieving clinical remission at week 8. The raw numbers of participants achieving remission were 26.9% (225/835) and 19.8% (129/650) in the placebo groups, respectively. In raw numbers, the number of people achieving clinical response was 40.2% and 30.9%, respectively. Serious adverse events were observed in 8.7% and 6.2%, respectively, in participants receiving CZPs and placebo. Serious side effects included worsening of the disease, infections, and malignancy. It is uncertain whether the risk of serious side effects differs between the CZp and placebo groups. Future studies are needed to evaluate the long-term effects and safety of CZPR in CD patients. The overall certainty of the evidence was moderate. This means that further research is very likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the results.
We searched scientific databases for clinical trials of drugs to treat heart failure in people with CKD. We found 112 studies, of which 26 studies (19,612 participants) reported data on at least one outcome of interest for our review. Of the 31 studies (23,762 participants), follow-up ranged from three months to five years, and study size ranged from 16 to 2916 participants. In chronic heart failure, the effects of adenosine A1-receptor antagonists (ACEi or ARB), dopamine, nesiritide, serelaxin, or angiotensin receptor blockers (ARB) on death (any cause), worsening of heart failure or kidney function, hyperkalaemia, low blood pressure, or quality of life were uncertain due to sparse data or were not reported. Treatment with beta-blockers (4 studies, 3136 participants) may reduce the risk of death. Aldosterone antagonists (2 studies, 1368 participants) had uncertain effects on hospital admission for heart failure. We were unable to estimate the effect of sinus node inhibitors (3 studies, 826 participants), as there were few studies, and meta-analysis was not possible. We did not find evidence of a difference in risk of high blood pressure for the CKD subgroup. The effects of ACEi, ARB, or aldosterone antagonist on death, hospitalisation, hypoxaemia, or low blood glucose levels were uncertain. We could not estimate whether treatment with sinus nodes inhibitors (1 study, 14 people) increases or decreases the risks of high red blood cell counts, as there was not enough evidence to be able to draw conclusions. We are uncertain about the benefits and harms of drugs for treating people with heart failure and CKD due to the small number of studies and the lack of data.
This review included three studies involving a total of 1945 women. No serious complications were reported in the trials and no maternal deaths occurred. Overall, risk of bias across the three trials was mixed. This review found no differences between the two types of monitoring (internal or external tocodynamometry) for any of the maternal or newborn outcomes. Given that this review is based on three studies (N = 1945 women) of moderate quality, there is not enough evidence to recommend the use of one form of monitoring over the other for women where intravenous oxytocin is used to induce labour.
We included two trials involving 54 participants with chronic venous disease. One study reported no difference between the exercise and control groups, and the second reported a reduction in symptoms in the exercise group. In one study, changes in change in ejection fraction (a measure of lung function), half venous refilling time (time taken for the blood to reach the leg) and total venous filling time were observed. In the second study, improvements in muscle strength at slow speed did not differ between the two groups. The incidence of venous leg ulcers, incidence of surgery to treat symptoms related to CVI and exercise capacity were not assessed or reported in either of the included trials. Both included studies were at high risk of bias. Therefore, these data should be interpreted carefully. We judged the overall quality of the evidence to be very low. There is currently not enough evidence to assess the efficacy of physical exercise in people with CVI. Future research into the effect of exercise in CVI should consider types of exercise, frequency and time, sample size, blinding and homogeneity according to the severity of disease. Due to the small number of studies and small sample size we were not able to verify indirectness (i.e. publication bias) and publication bias (bias) of the studies.
This systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that viscosupplementation is an effective treatment for OA of the knee with beneficial effects: on pain, function and patient global assessment; and at different post injection periods but especially at the 5 to 13 week post injection period. Of note is that the magnitude of the clinical effect, as expressed by the WMD and the standardised mean difference (SMD) from the RevMan 4.2 output, is different for different products, comparisons, timepoints, variables and trial designs. In general, few adverse events were reported in the hyaluronan/hylan trials that were included in these analyses. In other analyses HA-based products had more long-term effects than IA corticosteroids. However, there are few randomised head-to-head comparisons of the different HA-containing drugs and readers should be cautious, therefore, in drawing conclusions about the relative value of different products.
This review included 10 randomised clinical trials with a total of 4052 participants. Four trials (1881 participants) compared misoprostol with placebo (a pretend drug) given in addition to uterotonics. The review found no evidence that the combination of the two drugs added to uterotonic therapy improved outcomes for the mother, baby or both. Adjunctive use of sublingual (in the dose of 600 to 1000 mcg) or oxytocin infusion did not provide additional benefit for our primary outcomes including maternal death (risk ratio (RR) 6.16, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.75 to 50.85), serious maternal morbidity, admission to intensive care, or hysterectomy. Two trials (1787 women) compared 800 mcg (sublingual) versus 600 mcg infusion (800 mcg sublingually) of oxytocins for primary PPH treatment. One trial included women who had received prophylactic (before the start of treatment) and the other did not. We did not find any trials evaluating surgical techniques, radiological (x-rays) or radiological interventions for women with PPH unresponsive to the uterotonic drugs or haemostatics (blood loss). The risk of adverse effects was high for women who received sublingural misuprostol, with vomiting and shivering as the most common side effects. The role of estrogen and tranexamic acid and the use of lower segment compression in PPH is not yet known. More research is needed to assess the best way to treat PPH in women who fail to respond to the drug treatment. Furthermore, future studies should focus on the best treatment for PPH.
This review identified six trials that evaluated the effects of short-term cysteine-containing PN supplementation in preterm infants. The majority of patients in these trials were preterm. Five small trials evaluated the effect of cysteines added to PN on growth and retention. One large trial evaluated the use of N-acetylcysteine supplements in extremely low birth weight (≤ 1000 grams) infants. There was no significant difference in growth or retention between the two groups of infants. Nitrogen retention was significantly increased by cysteins (4 trials) (WMD 31.8 mg/kg/day). However, there is insufficient evidence to assess the risks of this treatment, especially regarding metabolic acidosis, which has been reported in the first two weeks of supplementation. Available evidence from a large RCT trial does not support routine use of supplements containing cystein-based PN in very high birth weight infants.
We found 77 randomised clinical trials including 6287 participants. Forty-one trials provided information for one or more outcomes. Thirty-five trials included only people with non-alcohol related steatohepatitis (NASH). Five trials included people with diabetes mellitus. The follow-up in the trials ranged from one month to 24 months. The source of funding in 39 trials was not provided. We present here only the comparisons of active treatment versus no treatment. There was no evidence of difference in the number of people who died, serious adverse events, or quality of life between people who received active treatment and people who did not receive active treatment. None of the trials reported health-related quality-of-life. The evidence was of very low quality. We are very uncertain about the effectiveness of active treatments for people with NAFLD including those with steatoheteritis. The quality of the evidence was very low. This means that we have very little confidence in the results. More well-designed trials with sufficiently large sample sizes are necessary.
In total, 1282 participants with MCI at baseline were identified in the 15 studies of which 1172 had analysable data; 430 participants converted to Alzheimer’s disease dementia, and 130 to other forms of dementia. Follow-up ranged from less than one year to over four years, but in the majority of studies was in the range one to three years. The accuracy of the CSF t-tau test was evaluated in seven studies. The sensitivity values ranged from 51% to 90% while the specificity values were 48% to 88%. The average specificity of 72% means that the test was accurate in 72% of the cases, and the average sensitivity was 75%. Six studies (164 cases and 328 non-cases) looked at the accuracy of CSF p- tau test. The sensitivities were between 40% and 100%. At the median specificity of 47.5%, the tests were accurate in 81% (95% CI: 64 to 91), and the median sensitivity was 1.55. Five studies (140 cases and 293 non-case) evaluated the accuracy (81%) of the test for 'other dementias'. We did not combine the results of these studies because they were few and small. Only one study (128 cases and 140 non- cases) reported how well the tests worked. We were not able to formally assess the effect of these CSF tests on the risk of dementia as we did not have enough data to do so. The overall quality of the included studies was poor. A significant number of studies had unclear risk of bias for the reference standard, the source of recruitment, participant selection and flow and timing domains, and aspects of study quality (particularly, inadequate blinding). Eight of 15 studies were of poor methodological quality. The findings of this review are based on studies with poor reporting. The main sources of heterogeneity were thought likely to be the reference standards used for the target disorders, sources of recruitment for the studies, participant sampling
We included three studies involving 170 participants. All included participants were male and were undergoing robotic radical prostatectomy. The men were between 50 and 75 years of age and met criteria for AASA physical classification score scores (ASA) I, ll, and III. We found one ongoing trial. All three studies were small, single-centre, two-arm studies. The evidence is up-to-date as of February 2016. We did not find any studies that addressed the secondary outcomes of adverse effects, all-cause mortality, respiratory or circulatory complications, cognitive dysfunction, length of stay or costs. We identified three studies that compared TIVA with inhalational anaesthesia. We were able to combine the results of two studies, which showed no difference in pain between the two anaesthetics. We also found evidence that propofol reduces nausea and vomiting after surgery. However, it is unclear whether this translates directly to clinical avoidance of ocular complications during surgery. The quality of evidence was low to very low, as all three studies provided unclear descriptions of methods. It is unclear which anaesthetic technique is superior for transabdominal robotic assisted surgery in urology, gynaecology and gastroenterology, as existing evidence is scarce, is of low quality and has been generated from exclusively male patients undergoing radical radical prostateectomy. An ongoing trial, which includes participants of both genders with a focus on quality of recovery, might have an impact on future evidence related to this topic.
We included 14 studies in this review, with 1,601,515 study participants. Most studies found no causal associations between the use of topical corticosteroids of any potency, and pregnancy outcomes. These outcomes included: mode of delivery, congenital abnormalities, preterm delivery, pre-term birth, and low birth weight. Maternal use of mild to moderate potency topical steroids was associated with a decreased risk of foetal death, but we did not observe this effect when given during pregnancy. The results from three of the studies in the meta-analysis indicated an increased risk of high birth weight in women who received potent to very potent topical steroids. The evidence was of low quality. We found no evidence that maternal use of potent or very potent steroids had an effect on the risk of preterm birth or adverse pregnancy outcomes, or on the low Apgar score. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. We downgraded the evidence because of imprecision in the number of babies that died and inconsistency in the numbers of babies who died.
We found four randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) that met our inclusion criteria. The total number of participants in these trials was 611 (612 eyes). The trials were conducted in the USA, Canada, India, and South Africa. One trial was included in the previous version of the review, and we found three new trials through the updated searches in July 2014. All trials compared the treatment of keratitis with corticosteroids or placebo (a pretend treatment) and with or without topical steroids. The trials had a follow-up period ranging from two months to one year. Three of the four trials were of good methodological design, but all trials had losses of 10% to 20% in the final analyses. Further, all trials were underpowered to detect treatment effect differences between groups and inconsistency in outcome measurements precluded meta-analyses for most outcomes relevant to this review. There is inadequate evidence as to the effectiveness and safety of adjunctive topical steroids compared with no topical steroids in improving visual acuity, infiltrate/scar size, or adverse events among participants with bacterial keratiti. Current evidence does not support a strong effect of steroids, but this may be due to insufficient power to detect a treatment effect. One of the three smaller trials was a pilot study of the largest study: the Steroids for Corneal Ulcers Trial (SCUT). The trial reported that time to re-epithelialization in the steroid group was 53% slower than the placebo group after adjusting for baseline epithelial defect size. However, the SCUT did not find any important difference in time to return to normalization. For adverse events, no important difference was found between the two treatment groups. More patients in the control group developed intraocular pressure (IOP) elevation, and one trial reported quality of life and concluded that there was no difference between the groups (data not available). We did not
We included four trials with 450 participants in this review. Three trials compared intravenous thrombolytic treatment with percutaneous (under the skin) venous therapy. The evidence is current to August 2015. We found no evidence from these trials to suggest that venous treatment is superior to percutaneously administered clot-busting drugs for ischaemic stroke. There was no difference in the proportion of participants with symptomatic intracranial haemorrhages between the intervention and control groups. At the end of follow-up, there was a non-significant increase in the percentage of participants who died in the group receiving venous intervention. The quality of the evidence was low. We judged the overall quality of evidence to be low, meaning that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect. New trials with adequate sample sizes are warranted because of the rapid development of new techniques and devices for such interventions.
We included one study, which involved 120 families and 143 children. The study was conducted in high-income countries. The evidence is current to September 2014. The trial did not provide any evidence that centre-based day care, rather than no treatment (care at home), improved or worsened children's cognitive ability (Griffiths Mental Development Scale, very low-quality evidence) or psychosocial development (parental report of abnormal development, risk ratio (RR) 1.21, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.25 to 5.78, 1 study). No other measures of child intellectual or psychological development were reported in the included study. Moreover, there was no evidence that day care improved employment of parents, as measured by the number of mothers in full-time or part-time employment and maternal hours per week in paid employment or household income above £200 per week. This study did not report on long-term outcomes for children (high-school completion or income). This review includes one study that provides inconclusive evidence as regards the effects of day care for children younger than five years of age and their families. The quality of the evidence was very low, mainly because of the small number of children included in the study and the fact that many of the trials included co-interventions that are unlikely to be found in normal day care centres. We need more research on this topic. Comparisons might include home visits or alternative day care arrangements that provide special attention to children from low-income families while exploring possible mechanisms of effect.
In total, 126 reports describing 30 scoring indices were identified through the screening process. All of these scoring indices have undergone some form of index validation. The Nancy Index and the Robarts Histopathology Index were the most well-validated. However, none of the other currently available histologic scores have been fully validated. In order to determine the optimal endpoint for histologic healing in UC, more research is needed.
We included three randomised trials that compared nailing versus plating in 213 participants. The evidence is current to September 2014. The trials were conducted in the USA, UK and Australia. The studies were conducted between 1991 and 2013 and involved 173 participants. There were no trials comparing surgery with non-surgical treatment. The average age of participants in individual studies ranged from 41 to 44 years. The available evidence, which is of very low quality, found no clinically important differences in function or pain, and did not confirm a difference in the need for re-operation or risk of complications between nailing and plating. Based on an illustrative risk of 100 re-operations for adverse outcomes within one year of plate fixation in 1000 people with these fractures, 63 fewer (95% CI 88 fewer to 12 more) people per 1000 would have to have reoperations after nailing. Similarly pooled data (173 participants, 3 trials) for the symptomatic nonunion or malunion, wound complications and fracture union favoured nailing but the 95% confidence intervals crossed the line of no effect and thus included the possibility of a better outcome after plate fixation. Evidence from one trial (85 participants) showed no difference in pain between the two groups. Overall, there is either no or insufficient evidence to draw definitive conclusions on the use of surgery or the best surgical intervention for distal tibial metaphyseal fractures in adults. The quality of available evidence was rated as very low for all outcomes, meaning that we are very unsure about the estimates for all outcome measures. The three included trials were at high risk of bias, with one trial also being at high-risk of selection, detection and attrition bias. The results of individual trials indicated that this was very unlikely to be a clinically important difference. Further trials are warranted on other issues, but should be preceded by research to identify priority questions.
We included 11 studies involving 38,742 participants. Eight studies compared BPLD versus placebo or no treatment (35,110 participants), and three studies compared different systolic blood pressure targets (3632 participants). The risk of bias in the included studies varied greatly. The pooled risk ratio (RR) of BPLDs for recurrent stroke was 0.81 (95% CI 0.70 to 0.93; 8 RCTs; 35,110 people). The pooled RR of intensive blood pressure-lowering for the risk of recurrent stroke, and for major vascular event 0.90, and the pooled RR for dementia 0.88, was high-quality evidence. We mainly observed a lower risk of recurrence of a stroke in the subgroup of participants using an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor or a diuretic (72.1% versus 72.1%, respectively). No definite conclusions can be drawn from current evidence regarding the best systolic blood pressure target after stroke or TIA.
This review of four randomized controlled trials (lasting 4 to 26 weeks) found that B-sitosterol, a non-glucosidic, non-steroidal anti-hepatic acid (BPH) drug, improved urinary symptoms and flow measures in men with BPH. It did not reduce prostate size. Withdrawal rates from the trials were 7.8% and 8.0%, respectively.
The review includes 26 trials comparing salmeterol to placebo or salbutamol, and eight trials comparing the same drug with salbutamate. These included 62,815 participants with asthma. In six trials (2,766 patients), no serious side effects could be obtained. The risk of death from any cause was higher with the use of salmetamol than with placebo, but the increase was not significant. We found no significant increase in the risk of fatal or non-fatal side effects with regular salmeteramol compared with placebo. There was an increase in risk of asthma-related death in patients who were not taking inhaled corticosteroids, compared to patients taking regular salbutamsol or placebo, and there was also a clear increase in serious adverse events in patients not using inhaled steroids. There is not enough evidence to be sure whether the risk in children is higher or lower than in adults.
The review authors identified two studies that enrolled preterm infants with respiratory distress syndrome. Both studies had methodological concerns. One study (1988) allocated infants to L-thyroxine 50 μg/dose at 1 and at 24 hours or no treatment. The other study (1989) assigned infants to two doses of L-triiodothyronine (50 μg/day) for two days in two divided doses. Neither of these studies reported any significant benefits in neonatal morbidity or death from use of thyroid hormones. Meta-analysis (combining of two studies) of 80 infants found no significant difference in mortality to discharge (typical RR 1.00, 95% CI 0.47, 2.14). Amato 1988 and 1989 reported no significant differences in use of mechanical ventilation. No significant effects were found in the use of breathing machines, duration of ventilation, air leak, chronic lung disease (CLD) at 28 days in survivors, patent ductus arteriosus (blockage of the blood supply to the brain), bleeding in the brain, or necrotising enterocolitis (worsening of the brain). Neurodevelopment was not reported. The review authors conclude that there is no evidence from controlled clinical trials that postnatal thyroid hormone treatment reduces the severity of breathing problems, neonatal illness or death.
We included 38 randomised controlled trials with a total of 1828 participants. The review includes a large number of RCTs evaluating the prevention or treatment of hepatic encephalopathy. The analyses found that non-absorbable disaccharides may help to reduce the risk of death compared with placebo/no intervention. We also found evidence that the use of these drugs may have a beneficial effect on serious adverse events related to the underlying liver disease. However, we were not able to include the data in an overall meta-analysis due to the small number of studies and participants. We found no evidence that lactulose or lactitol is better than lactitol for quality of life. The quality of the evidence was very low for the remaining outcomes.
We included 65 studies involving 3598 participants in this review. Forty-three studies evaluated bone density or bone-related biomarkers, and more recent studies have been evaluating proteinuria and high blood pressure. Bisphosphonate therapy may reduce fracture and bone pain after kidney transplantation, however low certainty in the evidence suggests it is possible that treatment may make little or no difference. The effects of bone treatment on fracture, death or heart disease are uncertain. It was uncertain whether any other drug class decreased fracture (low certainty evidence). We were uncertain whether interventions for bone disease reduce death, heart disease, or graft loss (very low certainty evidence), and we were very uncertain whether vitamin D drugs had any effect on skeletal, cardiovascular, or transplant function outcomes. We were also uncertain whether the benefits and harms of all other treatments were the same. Evidence for children and young adolescents was sparse.
We found four trials involving 317 people. Three trials studied oral magnesium, with doses ranging from 12.5 mmol/day to 20 mmol a day. One trial studied parenteral magnesium. Each trial demonstrated a high risk of bias in at least one domain. There was significant clinical and methodological variation between the trials. We found no study that measured all of the identified outcomes and met the objectives of this review. Only one trial measured symptoms of seizure, delirium tremens or components of the Clinical Institute Withdrawal Assessment for Alcohol (CIWA) score. A single outcome, the strength of handgrip strength, was amenable to meta-analysis in three trials (113 people). There was no significant increase in strength in the magnesium group. No significant changes in adverse events were reported. We concluded that there is not enough evidence to determine whether magnesium is beneficial or harmful for the treatment or prevention of alcohol withdrawal syndrome.
We included 15 trials involving 3057 participants. Of the 15 included trials, 10 appeared in our 2012 review, and five are legacy trials from merging two reviews. No new studies were included from searches for this update. Overall, risk of bias was low. Antibiotics can shorten time to cure, but only 5 to 11 more people per 100 will be cured faster if they receive antibiotics than placebo or no treatment (high-quality evidence). Cure rates with antibiotics were higher when fluid level or total opacification in any sinus was found on computed tomography. Purulent secretion resolved faster with antibiotics. However, 13 more people experienced side effects with antibiotics than with placebo. A disease-related complication (brain abscess) occurred in one person (of 3057) one week after receiving open antibiotic therapy (control group). The potential benefit of antibiotics to treat acute rhinosinusitis is marginal and needs to be seen in the context of the risk of side effects. We conclude that there is no place for antibiotics for people with uncomplicated acute rhinointheitis. We did not include children, people with suppressed immune systems, and those with severe sinusitis, because these populations were not included in the available trials.
The review of trials found that D2 lymphadenectomy can improve DSS in patients with resectable carcinoma of the stomach, although the increased risk of postoperative deaths reduces its therapeutic benefit.
This review aimed to assess the efficacy and safety of oral naltrexone in the treatment of opioid dependence. Thirteen studies, involving a total of 1158 participants, were included in this review. The findings of this review suggest that oral nALTrexone did not perform better than treatment with placebo (dummy treatment) or no pharmacological agent with respect to the number of people who were re-incarcerated during the study period. However, the percentage of people that were retained in treatment in the included studies was low. The review also found no difference between oral and other pharmacological treatments in terms of retention and abstinence, side effects, and side effects.
We included two studies in this review. Both were part of the same large multicentre trial and included people with dementia. The first study, a cross-over trial, looked at the immediate effects on aspiration of two viscosities of fluids (nectar thick and honey thick) compared to regular liquids. The second study, an RCT, compared the effect of thickening fluids with a chin down head posture. Both studies were funded by the same company. There were no trials on modification of food. We are uncertain about the immediate and long-term effects of changing fluids for swallowing difficulties in dementia. There may be differences in outcomes depending on the grade of thickness of fluids and the type of interventions trialled in videofluoroscopy. The overall quality of the evidence is low. Risk of bias for both studies is high.
We found six randomised controlled trials with a total of 788 women. The largest trial included 396 women eligible for this review. No evidence of a statistically significant difference was found in live birth rates between natural cycle IVF and standard IVF. The evidence was of moderate quality. For example, for a woman with a 53% chance of live birth, the chance using IVF would range from 34% to 53%. Findings for pregnancy rate and for cycle cancellation were sensitive to the choice of statistical model: for the use of a fixed effect model, which suggests a benefit for the IVF group. Findings on treatment costs were inconsistent and more data are awaited. The quality of the evidence was very low for all outcomes. Further evidence from large trials is awaited. Outcomes should include cumulative live birth and pregnancy rates, the number of treatment cycles necessary to reach live birth (the number of live births), treatment costs and adverse effects.
We included a total of 984 participants from 12 studies (23 references) in this review. We included only those involved in Tai Chi and the control group (i.e. 811 participants) in the final analysis. Study sample size ranged from 10 to 206, and mean age ranged from 61 to 74 years. Programmes lasted for six weeks to one year. All included studies were RCTs; three studies used allocation concealment, six reported blinded outcome assessors and three studies adopted an intention-to-treat approach. Analysis was split into three comparisons: (1) Tai Chi versus usual care; (2) Tai Chi and breathing exercise versus breathing exercise alone; and (3) - Tai Chi plus exercise versus exercise alone. No adverse events were reported. When Tai Chi was compared with other interventions alone, Tai Chi did not show any additional effects on symptoms or on physical and psychosocial function improvement. Tai Chi demonstrated a longer six-minute walk distance (mean difference (MD) 29.64 metres; participants = 318; I2 = 59%) and better pulmonary function (MD 0.11 L, 95% CI 0.02 to 0.20 L) in post-programme data. The effects of Tai Chi on dyspnoea (shortness of breath) and quality of life are inconclusive. Data are currently insufficient for evaluating the impact on maximal exercise capacity, balance and muscle strength in people with COPD. When comparing Tai Chi with breathing exercise or exercise alone, the results showed no additional effects. No side effects were reported, implying that Tai Chi is safe to practise.
We included 72 randomised controlled trials that involved 2470 participants. This review includes 35 new studies in addition to the previous version of this review. Study sample sizes were generally small and studies varied in terms of the goals of treatment and the virtual reality devices used. The risk of bias in many studies was unclear due to poor reporting. We found evidence that the use of virtual reality and interactive video gaming was not more beneficial than conventional therapies in improving upper limb function. However, virtual reality may be beneficial when used as an adjunct to usual care (providing a higher dose of therapy) to increase overall therapy time. We were unable to combine results for cognitive function, participation restriction, or overall quality of life. There was a trend suggesting that higher dose (more than 15 hours of total treatment) was preferable as were customised virtual reality programs, but these findings were not statistically significant. The quality of the evidence was mostly low.
We identified five randomised controlled trials (1330 participants) that met the inclusion criteria. Three trials (723 participants) added fluoroquinolones to the standard first-line regimen for treating drug-sensitive TB. Three of these trials (782 participants) substituted fluoroquins for ethambutol or isoniazid in the standard regimen. One trial (174 participants) also added levofloxacin into the standard treatment regimen. No trials reported on treatment failure. For death, sputum conversion, and adverse events we are uncertain if there is an effect (one trial, 174 participants, very low quality evidence for all three outcomes). For relapse and treatment failure, we are also uncertain (two trials, 723 participants). For death or relapse at eight weeks, or serious adverse events, we do not know if there was an effect. For relapse, there is no evidence to be clear whether there is a difference between the addition or substitution of fluorquinolone replacement with ethamabutol, moxifloxacidin, gatifloxinacin, or ofloxacean into the regimen. Fluoroquinoleines in four month regimens Six trials are currently in progress testing shorter regimens of four months. There is insufficient evidence from randomised trials to determine whether the addition of fluorocinolones for the first line treatment of drug-resistant TB reduces the risk of death and relapse, or increases the rate of culture conversion. We rated the quality of the evidence as very low, low, or low for all outcomes. The evidence is up to date as of January 2018.
