This is an update of a review of studies that looked at the effects of an intervention that aimed to improve children and their carers who had a flare-up of their asthma. A total of 38 studies, with 7843 children, were included. The results of these studies showed that an intervention aimed at children, their parents or both, can reduce the number of visits to the hospital and the need for emergency care. There is not enough data to know whether this is an effect that lasts for a long time.
We found 130 studies with 8341 participants. Ketamine was given to 4588 participants and 3753 participants were used as controls. The types of surgery included ear, nose or throat surgery, wisdom tooth extraction, thoracoid surgery, lumbar or spinal cord fusion surgery, neck surgery, hip joint surgery, knee joint replacement surgery, thigh surgery, arthroscopy, knee repair surgery, mastectomy, haemorrhoid surgery (a type of surgery), surgery on the neck, or both, and elective caesarean and laparoscopy. The ketamine dose was given in a bolus dose of 0.25 mg to 1 mg, and infusions 2 to 5 µg/kg/minute; 10 studies used both S-ketamine and R ketamine, and one used both. We did not include studies that had fewer than 50 people per treatment arm. We found that the dose of ketamine given to participants in the study was low or low, and the time that ketamine was used was similar to that of placebo. The amount of pain was reduced by 8 mg per day over 24 hours, and by 13 mg over 48 hours, by ketamine. We also found that people given ketamine had less pain at rest and pain at 48 hours compared with people given placebo, and more pain at 24 hours. We could not tell from the data whether ketamine made a difference when nitrous oxide was used. We rated the quality of evidence as high or low for most of the outcomes. The risk of bias was low to very low. The evidence is up to date as of this review.
The MSP/RESA vaccine shows promise as a treatment for malaria, but the effect of the vaccine is MSP2-specific. The results show that blood-stage vaccines may play a role and may be a role, but more research is required.
Four studies, involving 125 participants, were included in this review. Three studies evaluated the effects of pulsed electromagnetic fields and one study, with one of the three studies, with two of the studies, assessed the use of a combined electrotherapy and non-electrotherapy approach. All four studies were small and of low quality. There was a high risk of bias in three of the four studies, and each of them had limitations in the way it was conducted. The evidence is up to date as of May 2014. The four trials were of low or very low quality, which means that we cannot be sure of the results. There is a need for well-conducted randomised controlled trials to be conducted to assess the effectiveness of this approach.
We found 12 randomised clinical trials that included 1831 participants. Nine of the 12 trials were of low risk of bias and nine were of high risk. The average age of patients ranged between 48 years and 63 years in the 10 trials that provided this information. Nine trials included patients who were undergoing laparoscopic cholecystectomy only. One of the trials did not provide this data. The 11 trials that did provide this information were of good or high quality. There was no difference in short-term deaths between the drain group (1/840) and the 'no drain' group (0.1%) or in the number of deaths in each group. There were no changes in the length of time spent in the hospital or the time taken for the surgery to be done. The drain group had a lower mortality rate (1.1% to 1.5 events per 100 patients) than the no drain group. However, there was a lower death rate in both groups (0% to 0.2%) and in the percentage of patients who had a serious adverse event (2% to 3% per 100 participants). There was a higher mortality rate in the drains group (7/567) compared to the no drains (0%) and a higher death rate (2.5 to 3%) in the drain (0) group. The number of serious adverse events in each of the two groups (12/646 and 12/646) was 1% to 2.5 per 100 people) and 1.0 to 1% per cent per 100. The percentage of participants who were discharged as day-procedure laparoscopy (one trial) was 0% to 31% in both the drain and no drain groups. The time that the surgery was done was significantly longer in the drainage group (seven trials) and 5% to 7.0 hours in the control group (five trials). There were also no differences between the groups in the time
Forty-nine randomised trials with a total of 3639 participants were included. Thirty-eight herbal medicines were tested in these trials, and these herbs and herbs included four single herbs (extracts from a single herb), eight Chinese patent medicines, and 26 self- concocted Chinese herbal compound prescriptions. All of the trials were conducted and published in the China. The review found that there is no evidence to support the use of these herbal medicines to treat people with diabetes. Most of the studies were of low or very low quality, which means that we are not able to be sure of the results.
We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing IAS to CAS. All five trials involved advanced prostate cancer and were of short duration. Only one trial (77 patients) looked at the effect of IAS on progression-free survival. A subgroup of the trials found that IAS was as good as CAS in terms of the amount of prostate cancer that progressed in the blood, but was better than CAS in the time that patients were on the IAS cycle. One of the five RCTs (43 patients) found that there was no difference in adverse events (gastroism, gynecomastia, and asthenia) in IAS and CAS. There were no data for the effects of either drug on the length of time that the cancer was still in the body, or on the rate of cancer growth. There are no data from the five trials that compared IAS with CAS for survival, cancer growth, or disease progress. There is a lack of data on adverse events, so we are not sure whether IAS or CAS is better or worse than CAS for any of these.
We identified 12 randomised controlled trials involving 7,119 women. Five trials randomised to the use of an IUD after an abortion. One of them compared the immediate or delayed insertion of the Copper 7 with the Lippes Loop. The evidence is up-to-date as of March 2015. The other five trials compared the use or use of the levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system or CuT380A with delayed insertion. The results of one of them showed that women who received the IUD at the time of abortion were more likely to have an expulsion from the uterus than those who did not. Seven of the 12 trials looked at the use and use of IUDs after the abortion and found that IUD use was more likely after the insertion compared to delayed insertion, but at six months postabortion, use was higher for the immediate IUD compared to the delayed IUD. In the other trials, adding copper sleeves to the Lipid Loop resulted in an increase in expulsion rates and a decrease in pregnancy rates. The quality of evidence was moderate.
We found only one small trial published as an abstract, so we are not able to give more details. The study was of low quality. Ninety-one patients enrolled in the study, but only 42 participants remained in the trial. There was no information on the average age and sex of the patients. We found a high risk of bias and unclear risk for bias due to the lack of data on the results of the study. We judged the overall quality of the evidence as 'low' for all outcomes, as there was a high drop-out rate and a high chance of bias because of the small size of the trial, and the small number of people in the studies. The results of this review suggest that, in the short-term, people with haematology-diseased patients, who have been in hospital, may be more active in the use of a form of self-centred or'meditation' based on a'soulful' approach. There is not enough data to draw any conclusion on the effects of the practice of meditation on patients with leukaemia. More high quality randomised trials are needed to assess the effect of this type of practice.
We identified three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of 110 healthy children who were siblings of household contacts. The trials varied in quality, vaccine used, length of follow-up and effects of vaccination. Overall, 13 out of 56 children (23%) had varicella, and 42 out of 54 people (78%) had no or mild disease. In the three trials, most of the children received PEP within three days of exposure; too few were vaccinated four to five days post-exposure to be able to assess the effect of the vaccine. No study reported on adverse events. We found no RCTs for children or adults.
We found 12 randomised clinical trials, with 4704 participants, that assessed the effects of different antibiotic prophylactics in reducing MRSA. Eleven trials performed a total of 16 head-to-head comparisons of the same antibiotic regimens. There was no evidence to suggest that any of the treatments were more effective than the others. There were no deaths in the four trials that reported deaths and there were no clear differences in the risk of death in each of the comparisons. In the 15 comparisons that looked at one treatment versus the other, there was no difference in the percentage of people who had MRSA (SSI) or SSIs (all SSI) in the group that was given an oral antibiotic (co-amoxiclav) compared with the control group. However, in the one trial that compared an antibiotic dose with placebo, the number of people with MRSA was lower in the treatment group that took co-amoxidol (or cefotaxime if they were allergic to penicillin). In the two other trials that compared MRSA infections other than SSI, 19/478 (4.5%) people had a MRSA infection. None of the trials looked at the length of time spent in the hospital or the use of healthcare resources. Overall, 221/4032 (5.5%) people had SSIs due to all organisms, and 46/4704 (1.0%) due to MRSA, and 5% due to both. The trials were at high risk of bias, which means that we cannot be sure of the results. There is a need for more research on this topic.
We found two small randomised trials (116 women) that compared planned home care versus home care for PPROM. Overall, the number of women in each trial was too small to be able to assess the effects of home care on pre-specified health outcomes. There was no evidence that home care was better or worse than care in terms of perinatal death, neonatal birthweight or admission to the neonate intensive care. However, there was some data from one trial that showed that mothers who were managed in the home were more likely to have a caesarean birth. There were no data on death of the mother or her baby. The review found that women who were cared for at home spent 10 fewer days as inpatients compared with those who were in hospital. The women in both groups were more satisfied with their care and were more able to give birth at home. Furthermore, home care led to a reduction in costs. There is a need for more trials to be done to compare home care with care in hospitals in the future.
The two methods of skin closure for caesarean section are non-absorbable staples and subcutaneous sutures. These are the most studied methods for skin closure, and these have been the most often studied methods. These two methods have shown that both types of suture can close the skin, and both are similar in terms of wound damage, wound infection and pain. However, for both of these outcomes, staples may have a different effect, depending on the type of skin incision, i.e., vertical or horizontal.
We identified 11 randomised controlled trials with a total of 821 people. Seven trials examined a green tea intervention and four examined a black tea intervention. Dosages and form of both green and black tea differed, as did the type of green tea and the form of black tea. Seven of the 11 trials were of high quality, but four were of low or very low or moderate risk of bias. The results of the review suggest that green or black tea has a favourable effect on CVD risk factors. Green tea was found to reduce the risk of CVD by 0.43 mmol/L/L and 0.62 mmHg/L, and the risk for LDL and systolic blood pressure by 1.85 mmHG/L. Black tea was also found to have a positive effect on blood pressure and LDL, but the results were not stable to a high level. Adverse events were measured in five trials and these were not found to be linked to green tea. There is a need for high quality studies with long-term follow-up.
This is an update of a review published in 2010. We found two small trials that met the inclusion criteria for the review. Both trials were conducted in the USA and recruited 23 adults with chronic asthma. Both of the people in the trials had asthma and may have had other chronic lung disease as a result of their asthma. The studies did not show that azathioprine reduces the amount of steroid used in the oral or inhaled form of the drug. There was no clear evidence to support the use of azathiprine in the treatment of chronic asthma as a steroid sparing-agent. Large, long-term studies with pre-defined steroid reducing protocols are required before recommendations for clinical practice can be made.
We identified 56 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 4068 adults with cancer- or haematological malignancy. Most of the trials were of breast cancer (28 RCTs and 28 studies). A meta-analysis of all fatigue data, including 38 trials, provided data for 1461 adults who received an exercise programme and 1187 control. At the end of treatment, 1461 people who had an exercise program were seen to be more tired than those who did not, but the effect was not found to be significant. We found that exercise can be regarded as a treatment for people with cancer fatigue during and post-cancer therapy, but not for those with solid tumours. Further research is required to determine the best type, amount and timing of an exercise intervention.
We searched medical databases and found five trials with 3427 adults (16 to 65 years of age) who had HL. The five trials were conducted in Germany, Italy, Belgium and Belgium. All five trials reported results for OS and PFS. We found that people with HL treated with BEACOPP were more likely to survive five years in the first-line treatment group compared to those treated with ABVD. This means that after five years, 90 patients (70 to 117 patients) would die in the treatment group, and 120 in the ABVD arm. This is a new finding of this review, due to the inclusion of the EORTC 20012 trial. We also found that patients with HL who are treated with a high-dose of BEACopP are at a higher risk to have a new tumour. We are very unsure how many women will be infertile due to treatment, and which arm might be favourable (very low- or low quality of evidence). This is because there is a lack of data on the effects of this type of treatment. There was no evidence for a difference between both regimens for death from any cause (low- or high-quality evidence). There was also low- to high-risk of bias (low and high-certainty) in all five trials, as there was a high risk of bias in one of the trials (e.g. bias) in the other.
Fifteen RCTs including 1835 cancer patients met the criteria for this review. We judged six studies to have a high risk of bias and nine to have low risk. All included studies were conducted in high-income countries and most were aimed at breast cancer patients (seven studies) or prostate cancer (two) or both (two). We did not find any studies on the effects of other types of interventions. We found that people with cancer who receive a multidisciplinary approach to their care (e.g. physical, mental, psycho-educational and/or training) have better RTW rates than those who do not. We also found that patients who are offered a multi-disciplinary intervention (e,g. a psychosocial, patient education, self-care, patient counselling, or biofeedback) have a higher RTW rate than people who are not. However, we found that there is little or no difference in the effect of these multidisciplinaries on quality of life. We rated the quality of evidence as low or very low for most of the outcomes.
We found four trials involving more than 13,000 women which were conducted in the UK and Ireland. Three trials were funded by hospitals where the trials took place and one study was funded by the Scottish government. Overall, the studies were of good quality. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2015. The four trials were of moderate to very low risk of bias, which means that we are uncertain about the accuracy of the results. We found no new trials in this update. Results reported in the 2012 review were the same as those from the 2012 study. The studies were conducted among a range of low-risk women who were in labour and included women in labour. There was no evidence that the use of CTG on admission to the neonatal ward increased the risk of a caesarean section. There were no clear differences between groups in other outcomes such as the incidence and severity of hypoxic ischaemic encephalopathy and the rate of seizures in the neonate. The findings of this review suggest that the admission CTG should not be used for women who are low risk on admission in labour, and that women should be informed that the CTG is likely to be used without evidence of benefit.
We found 32 randomised studies in this review. Seventeen randomised women (total 3666) and three randomised cycles (total 1018) and twelve oocytes (over 15,230). It was not possible to pool any of the data, as each of the studies compared the same culture media. We found that there is not enough evidence to be able to say whether one culture medium is more or less good than the other. Six of the 32 studies reported on the pregnancy rate. One of these found that for cleavage-stage embryo transfer, Quinn's Advantage was better than G5. The other four of these studies found no evidence of a difference between the media used. The fifth study did not seem to be of high quality. None of them found any data on the health of the babies. The quality of evidence was very low for most of the comparisons, the main limitations of which were imprecision and poor methods of the trials.
The search strategy identified 2847 articles but none of these were of high quality. A total of 30 citations appeared to be relevant, but there were three duplicates of 27 of these, which left 23 of the 27 articles for review. The review authors have not been able to draw any firm conclusions as there were no randomised trials of this topic. The lack of research in this area means that there is a lack of evidence on this topic and it is unclear whether it would be possible to randomise patients who are waiting for a diagnosis of breast cancer. As some of the studies reviewed by the authors are related to the first consultation visit, where the first choice of treatment is discussed, it would seem that a review which focuses on the methods of talking to patients at the first visit would be a good way to find out more about this area.
We found 17 randomised trials that met our inclusion criteria. A total of 17 trials with 1006 participants were included in this review. One of these studies was an update of a study that had been published in 2012. This review found that there was a modest to moderate improvement in the first three months after the intervention. There was a reduction in the number of people who had chest pain-free days up to three months following the treatment. This was maintained from three to nine months afterwards. However, there was no evidence of an effect of the intervention on the rate of chest pain in the longer term (at least 12 months). There was no effect on the severity of the chest pain, but there was an increase in the percentage of patients who had no chest pain up to one year after the end of the study. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found 30 trials with a total of 4344 participants that assessed the use of these medications in the short term. The trials were of low risk of bias (low risk) and the quality of the evidence was low. There was some evidence to support that these medications are safe and well tolerated. There is no long-term data on their effect. There were no serious side-effects of these medicines. The review found that all of the medicines were well-tolerated, although some of them may be too strong to be used in the long term.
We found two studies that met all of the criteria for inclusion in the review. One of these studies was based in the US, and the other study was from the USA. Both of the studies were based in Native American communities and involved a range of programmes that aimed to reduce the use of tobacco by young people in the community. Both studies were of high or unclear risk of bias (out of a total of 10), which means that there is a chance of bias in the results of the study. The results of one of the two studies found that there was no difference between the intervention arm and the control group in weekly smoking at 42 months follow-up. However, there was a difference in weekly use of smokeless tobacco at 42 weeks, though this was not maintained at six months. The other study found positive changes for tobacco use at post test, but these were not sustained at six month. Both the intervention and control groups were rated as high or very low risk of biases. Based on the evidence in this review, a conclusion cannot be drawn as to the effect of interventions aimed at reducing tobacco use in Indigenous youth. This review highlights the paucity of data and the need for more research in this area.
We found one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that met our criteria. The trial was at unclear risk of bias. The evidence is up to date as of May 2015. The study was of very low quality and there were few events for most of the reported outcomes and the results were generally imprecise. There was no clear evidence that giving a blood transfusion to pregnant women with sickle cell anaemia (HbSS) confers any clear benefits when compared with selective transfusion. Prophylactic blood transfusions did not seem to reduce the risk of pain crisis compared with the selective transfusions. There were no clear differences between the two groups in terms of mortality, perinatal mortality or markers of severe maternal morbidity (pulmonary embolism (no events), congestive heart failure (very low- or low-quality evidence), acute chest syndrome (low- or very low-risk of bias), haemolytic crises (low quality of evidence) or delayed blood flow to the uterus) between the comparison groups. The included trial reported no maternal deaths in the women who received either prophylactics or selective transfused blood. The results of the trial did not show any clear difference between the groups in the rate of haemorrhage and iron overload in the mother or the newborn. The quality of the evidence was very low due to the small number of events and the low numbers of women in the trial. The available data and evidence on this subject are insufficient to advocate for a change in the current practice and policy on this topic. Currently, there is no evidence from randomised or quasi-randomised trials to provide evidence on the optimal blood transfused policy for women with HbSC and HbSβThal.
We found 67 randomised clinical trials involving a total of 6197 people. A total of 5771 participants from 64 randomised trials provided data for one or more of the outcomes in this review. All the studies were at high risk of bias. There was no difference in most of the comparisons, and where there was, these were mostly of small size. We summarise only the results of more than one trial, which means that we can not be sure of the results. The evidence is of low- to very low-quality. We found that the number of adverse events (side effects) was higher with the use of a new method of resection, such as a radio-fibrin sealer, than with the clamp-crush method. The amount of red blood cell transfusion (proportion) was also more with the new method. We also found that there was a higher amount of blood transfusion in both groups, but this was more with fibrin seals than with clamp sealers. There is no evidence to suggest that this new method has an effect on the risk of death, illness, or blood transfusions. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. We could not assess the effect of this method on the amount of time that people spent in the hospital, the length of time spent in hospital, or the time that they had to spend in hospital. None of the trials looked at health-related effects or time that the patients had to be able to go back to work. We rated the evidence for all of the main outcomes as low quality.
Twenty-three trials involving 724 people were included in this review. There is evidence supporting the use of systemic retinoids (44%, 95 CI 28 to 59%) and oral PUVA (44% CI 26 to 62%). There is no evidence that a combination of PUVA and retinoid is effective. The use of a steroid under hydrocolloid occlusion is beneficial. It would seem that low dose ciclosporin, tetracycline and Grenz Ray Therapy may be helpful in treating PPP. However, there is a lot of side effects and it is not clear if Colchicine is a good treatment for PPP and neither was PUVA.
We found nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing five drugs in the loop diuretic class (furosemide 40 mg, cicletanine 100 mg to 150 mg, piretanide 3 mg to 6 mg, indacrinone enantiomer -2.5 mg-10.0 mg, etozolin 200 mg) in 460 people with a blood pressure of 162/103 mmHg for a mean duration of 8.8 weeks. We found no evidence of a clear difference in blood pressure-lowering effect of the drugs compared with each other. Withdrawals due to side effects and changes to blood pressure were not seen. The review did not provide a good estimate of harms of loop diuresters. The risk of bias of the nine RCTs was high due to the small number of people in the trials and the lack of reporting of side effects.
We included 58 randomised clinical trials, of which 48 trials with 2849 participants, with 1558 patients, and 1291 patients, in this review. All the trials except one trial with 30 patients were at high risk of bias, which means that their results may be biased. The trials were small and all but one were of low quality. There were differences in the methods of the local anaesthetic instillation and timing (before or after) of the surgery between the trials. There was no death in either group in eight of the eight trials that reported death (0/236 (0%) versus 0/210 (0%). One patient in each group had a side-effect (1/236 and 1/236). There were no deaths in any of the 20 trials that looked at the risk of death in the control group. The risk of serious side-effects was low in both groups. None of the trials assessed the risk-free time spent in the hospital. The length of time people were in hospital was short (0.04 days). The pain scores as measured by the visual analogue scale (VAS) were lower in the group of people who had local anaesthetised patients than in the non-treated group (32 trials; 2020 patients) at four to eight hours. The number of participants who had serious side effects was very low in the two groups. The effect of the intervention on the number of patients who had day surgery was imprecise and there was no evidence that it had an impact on the rate of death. The pain score was similar in both the groups (very low) and at nine to 24 hours (low). There was little or no difference in the time that people had to be in the surgery (low) or in the length of stay in hospital (low), so we could not be sure whether this was a difference in pain. The effects of the treatment on the percentage of patients that had to leave the surgery as
We identified 74 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that met our inclusion criteria. We grouped studies according to the antigens they looked at. We found that HRP-2 and pLDH antibody-based tests (such as the Type 1 tests) tended to be more sensitive and were better at detecting malaria, but were not as good at detecting P. falciparum. For both types of tests, there was a lack of information about how the tests were carried out. We also found that the studies were small and there were a high risk of bias, which means that we could not be sure of the results. We identified 17 RCTs that could be used as an RCT, and three that could not. We did not find that any of these tests were as good as the others. Overall, we found that all RDTs were more or less accurate than the others, but the differences were small. The number of people who were wrongly diagnosed as not infected was low. The studies did not seem to be able to tell us much about the quality of the tests.
We found five randomised trials that tested short-term changes in the length of time that doctors' patients were asked to spend with their primary care doctor. All five of the five studies were from the UK, and all were conducted in the UK. We are not able to say whether changes in length of consultation with the doctor can improve the time that patients spend in the doctor's office. We found very low-certainty, low-quality, and high-risk of bias results. We did not find any high-quality trials that looked at the effects of changes to length of the time the doctor spent with the patient. We do not know whether changes to the time doctors spend with patients can be changed. It is possible that these findings may change if more high- or high-grade, well-conducted trials are found in the future. Further trials are needed that focus on health and cost-effectiveness.
The search identified 3952 abstracts which were scanned for relevance. Three randomised trials met the inclusion criteria. A total of 157 participants were recruited to the trials. The studies were conducted in developed countries, all three were male and all had HIV/AIDS. The trials were small, with a total of 24 to 92 participants and the mean age of the people taking part ranged from 59 years to 71 years. The participants were all HIV-infected and had been on antiretroviral drugs for at least six months. All three trials were in the USA and none were in developing countries yet stavudine is still used as a part of ART in many of these countries. There was no evidence that high dose or low dose of high dose of stivudine was better or worse than low dose. The results from the trials were imprecise and have not shown a clear difference in virologic suppression or adverse events between the high dose and low dose groups. Furthermore, the studies were small and all enrolled participants were HIV-affected and so the results cannot be generalised to settings where stovudine has not yet been used as an ART treatment for HIV. The authors of the studies did not indicate that any of the patients discontinued treatment due to adverse events. It was not possible to perform a meta-analysis on these trials.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 1658 adult patients with ARDS. Six of the 10 included trials (1370 adults) used an open lung ventilation strategy that differed from the control group in aspects that were not related to the intervention (e.g. mode of ventilation, higher end-expiratory (PEEP) titration) and a change in the pressure of the air in the lungs (known as 'high' PEEP). The other five (1313 and 1450 adults) RCTs used a "control group" that did not receive the intervention. We found five trials to be at low risk of bias and five to be of high risk. We downgraded the quality of the results to low, as most of the studies provided co-procedures as part of an open-air treatment plan and this might have had an impact on results of the review. The results of five trials (1450 people) showed a reduction in deaths in the ICU and in the hospital, but we found no effect on deaths at 28-day or in the in-patient or in-out hospital. We also found no differences in risk of death from any cause. We rated the evidence as low quality.
Fifteen studies, with a total of 687 participants, were included in the review. Most of the studies were of poor quality and small in size. However, some pooled effects were found. Three of the 15 studies assessed the effects of CBT on quality of life, but individually did not show a significant effect. The use of 'as needed' medications was reduced in two studies, (47 people), by CBT. There was no difference between CBT and bio-feedback therapy in the amount of air in the blood (FEV1) in four studies of 150 patients. The quality of the results of two studies (48 people) showed that CBT improved the level of symptoms of asthma in the short term. There were no significant changes in FEV1 for CBT, but there was a positive effect on the levels of stress and anxiety in two trials (51 people). There was not enough data to conclude whether CBT was more or less effective than other types of psychosocial treatment in the treatment of asthma. This review was not able to draw a firm conclusion for the role of these techniques in asthma due to the lack of evidence. Larger, well-conducted and well-reported trials are required in this area, in order to determine the use of these treatments in the long-term in adults with asthma.
We searched the databases for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the use of psychopharma in people with panic attacks. We also looked at side effects. We included studies that assessed the adverse effects of the psychopharmaceutical drugs. We found 35 RCTs, including 6785 people, that compared antidepressants and benzodiazepines as a monotherapy. The studies were of low or very low-quality. The majority of studies enrolled a small number of patients and did not provide data for all the outcomes specified in the RCT. For these reasons most of the analyses were small and limited and this limits the overall completeness of the evidence. The choice of which antidepressant and/or Benzodiazepine is prescribed can not be made on the basis of this review only, and should be based on evidence of the effects of these drugs on the patient and on the long-term effects of both drugs. The quality of evidence was low to very low. This means that we are very uncertain about the accuracy of the results.
Twenty-nine trials, that enrolled over 1,700 patients, were included in this review. Three of the studies compared plastic stents to surgery. The other three compared metal stents versus surgery. Three studies compared different types of plastic stent and found that, when perflouro alkoxy, a type of stent, was used, it was more likely to be effective than the others. There was a trend towards lower risk of 30-day death with the use of the stent. One of the trials found that the risk of death was lower with the metal stent than with the surgery. There were no clear differences in risk of technical failure, adverse events or death at the end of the trial. Nine of the twenty-nine studies compared a stent type that is made from a thin film of polyethylene. The stents had a greater risk of being blocked. One study found that a stenting type that has a valve in it was better than the other stents. There is a lack of data on the best stent to use for these patients.
We found five randomised controlled studies (RCTs) with 444 arterial cannulations in children. Four RCTs compared ultrasound guidance with palpation, and one RCT compared it with Doppler auditory aid. Risk of bias varied across the five studies, with some of the studies lacking details of how they were conducted. It was not possible to blind the doctors in all of the five trials; this added a bias that is inherent to this type of intervention. We found that the first-time success rate at the first attempt was better with ultrasound guidance than with other types of guidance. We also found that there may be an advantage of the use of the first time of first attempt over the other methods of guidance, but we could not be sure of this. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2018. We rated the quality of evidence for all outcomes as moderate owing to imprecision due to wide range of events and small numbers of events.
We found one randomised controlled trial (RCT) and three non-RCTs (ITS) that assessed the effect of a ban on all forms of alcohol advertising. One RCT was conducted in the Netherlands, one in the US, and the other two ITS were conducted in a range of Canadian cities. The RCT found that young men were more likely to drink less than men exposed to a low- or high-alcohol content film. The results from the three ITS were inconsistent. Each of the three studies assessed a different type of ban, which could be a total ban or a partial ban, or a full ban. Two of the ITS and one ITS study assessed the effects of the ban on the use of alcohol. In the two ITS studies, the total amount of beer and wine sales was increased by 14.89 kilolitres, and by 1.10% in the one ITS. The three ITS studies showed that the amount of spirits was decreased by 22.49 kililitres. None of the studies were funded by the alcohol industry. No other outcomes (e.g. economic loss or loss of income due to decreased sales) were assessed in the studies and no side effects were found. The quality of evidence was very low due to a high risk of bias and imprecision in the results.
Eight trials with 182 infants were included in the review. There was no evidence of difference in short-term growth or short- term weight gain when high and low MCT formulas were compared. The meta-analysis of five of the studies showed that the high MCT formula did not seem to have an effect on short term growth. Similarly, there was no change in short term length gain. There were conflicting data (two studies) as to whether the formula type had a greater or a less adverse effect on the growth of the infant. There is conflicting data from two of the eight studies as to how well the babies could cope with the use of the MCT or LCT. No studies were found that looked at the long-term effects of the intervention.
We found one small trial (with data from 34 women) comparing transcervical or transcervical amnioinfusion with no treatment. The trial was at a high risk of bias, due to small numbers, inconsistency in the reporting and lack of details on how the trial was done. The study did not report on this review's other main outcome (death of the baby) and did not assess the effect of the treatment on the rate of caesarean section. We did not find any trials that used transabdominal or subcutaneous fluids. We found that there was no clear effect on the risk of postpartum endometritis, neonatal infection, or death in the womb. There were no clear effects on the incidence of neonatal death or severe illness (such as low Apgar scores at birth) in the study. There was also no clear impact on the duration of antibiotic treatment. We rated the quality of the trial as low due to the small number of women and women’s views on the results. The evidence in this review is up to date as of May 2018.
This is an overview of the evidence on the use of the Mini-Cog as a screening test for dementia. We found three studies that met the inclusion criteria, with 1620 participants. The studies were small, with a total of 1620 people, and there was a high risk of bias in all three of the studies. There is a need for more well-conducted, large, well-designed, and well-reported studies to assess the effects of this brief test.
We found 19 randomised studies that compared amphetamines versus other drugs, or no drug, or both. These studies enrolled 2521 participants; most were aged 35.3 years, and most were middle-aged Caucasian males (57.2%) with ADHD. Eighteen were from the USA, and one from both the USA and the USA. Ten were conducted in both the US and Canada. The studies were small, with a mean study length of 5.3 weeks. We found no studies that had low risk of bias. Amphetamines compared to other drugs: dexamphetamine (10.2 mg per day to 21.8 mg/d) or lisdexamfetamine (30 mg/daily to 70 mg/day). Amphetamine salts (12.5 mg per dose to 80 mg per daily) and mixed amphetamine salt (12 mg per week to 12.0 mg daily) did not seem to have an effect on the severity of ADHD symptoms as assessed by clinicians or patients, but we could not rule out the possibility of a carry-over effect in studies that used a cross-over design. We did not find differences in the amount of side-effects experienced by people who took amphetaminers compared to those who did not. We also found no evidence that amphetamethasone (10 mg per month to 21 mg per year) or dexamine salts had an impact on the number of people who dropped out of the studies. We rated the quality of the evidence as low to very low, mainly due to the small number of studies and participants, and the fact that most studies had a short duration of follow-up.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that included 811 adults with chronic pain. The studies were heterogeneous with regard to the type of chronic pain that was assessed, the dose of vitamin D given, the co-interventions, and the outcome measures that were assessed. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2015. The review found that there was no clear evidence that vitamin D treatment was better or worse than a placebo (sugar pill) in reducing chronic pain in adults. Adverse events and withdrawals from the treatment groups were relatively infrequent, and there was a lack of evidence of a difference in adverse events and withdrawal from the study groups. Based on this evidence, a large beneficial effect of the use of vitamins in chronic pain is unlikely.
Forty-one studies were found involving more than 200 practices and 48,000 patients. Twenty-seven of the studies were randomised studies, 12 were community-based, 12 CBAs, and two were ITS. The studies were heterogeneous in terms of the type of health care and the types of patients. In all of them the interventions were targeted at health professionals, in nine they were aimed at the management of care and 20 at both. The results showed that the combination of a range of professional and non-health care interventions can improve patients' health outcomes. The effect on patient outcomes was less clear, as these were rarely assessed. However, the use of patient education or the role of the nurse can lead to improved patient health outcomes, and the addition of patient-oriented programmes can improve the health of patients with diabetes.
We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that met our inclusion criteria. The five studies included 1503 women, with a mean of 301 participants. The trials compared the use of the LNG-IUS with other birth control methods, such as a patch, a ring, or a vaginal ring. The studies included a small number of women, so we could not be sure of the results. In the five trials that looked at two types of birth control, the study arms did not seem to have a difference in the effect of one method over one and three years. In three trials that compared different LNG and IUS types, the studies showed that women in the groups that used the IUS 12 or 16 µg/day were at least as likely to stop for 'other reasons' as those in the COC group. In one of the three studies, the IUD group had at least a 75% of women who stopped for the same reason as the group that did not. The other two studies did not show a clear difference between groups. We considered the quality of the evidence to be low to low. Limitations were due to the small size of the studies and the low number of studies.
This is an update of a review of randomised trials of immunotherapy for house mite, pollen and other allergen allergy. We found eight new trials in this review. Overall, there was a reduction in asthma symptoms and use of asthma medications, and an increase in the rate of bronchial hyper-reactivity. There was a significant decrease in the number of patients who had an adverse event (such as anaphylaxis). There were 42 randomised and quasi-randomised trials looking at the use of a range of allergens. There were 42 studies looking at house mites, 27 pollen, 10 dander, 10 animal dander and 10 other types of allergy. Six of the trials looked at the effects of a number of types of other allergies. There was no clear effect on lung function. Overall it would be necessary to treat three people (95% CI 3 to 5) with immunotherapy to avoid one adverse event. If 16 patients were treated with this treatment, one would be expected to have a side effect in the form of a local or systemic side effect. One of the studies found that the size of the effect was comparable to inhaled steroids.
We did not find any new study which were eligible for inclusion in this update. The total number of trials in this review was the same as in the previous review. Six randomised trials involving 1297 patients were included. Five trials had a low risk of bias. One trial had an unclear risk of a bias. Mortality at day 28 and at the end of the study was reduced by lung-protective ventilators. There was not enough data to be sure of the effects on long-term deaths. The risk of death from any cause was lower in the control group. There were too few patients in the study to be able to tell whether the use of a lower volume of air in the lung was more or less effective than a high volume.
We found 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 1833 participants that compared the use of isoflurane with sevoflurea, an inhaled form of propofol, or both. All 15 RCTs were of low or very low quality. We found that the time taken for the patient to come out of anaesthesia was longer with the intravenous method (propofol) than with the inhalative method. The time taken to emerge from anaesthesia, that is, time that the patient needs to sit up from the bed and move around, was the same with both methods. Adverse events with both techniques were the same. However, we found that there was a lower risk of nausea and vomiting with propofo, and a greater risk of haemodialysis with both approaches. The studies did not have a high risk of bias. The quality of the data was low. The authors of the 15 studies were not able to tell us whether the studies were of high or low or whether the people taking part knew who was in the study.
Four trials including 15,936 patients were identified. Average age was 75.4 years. Mean blood pressure at entry across the four studies was 171/86 mmHg. The combined results of the four trials reporting incidence of dementia and change in mental health tests did not show a difference between treatment and placebo (236/7767 versus 259/7660, Odds Ratio (OR) = 0.89, 95% CI -0.74, 1.07) and there was considerable variation between the trials. The results from the three trials reporting change in Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE) did not indicate a benefit from the treatment. Both systolic (low) and diastolic (high) blood pressure levels were reduced in three of the three studies. Three of the trials assessed side effects of the drug Syst Eur 1997 and the results showed no difference between the drug and placebo. However, more patients on the drug were stopped from taking it due to side effects in the study. There was no evidence from the studies that the drug lowers blood pressure in the late-life. There were significant problems with the way that the trials were carried out. In most of the included studies the study was a comparison of the study drug with a 'usual' treatment. This introduced bias.
We identified 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that enrolled 3474 patients. The trials compared PTCRA with a balloon angioplasty (PTCRA) or a PTCA/PTCA versus PTCR. There was no evidence of an effect on the rate of re-stent re-stenosis in patients with heart failure. There were no data on the risk of death from any cause. In patients with complex heart failure, there was no difference in re-stimulation rate at six months and at one year in those who had PTCra and PTCAs. This was the same as in people with angiographic dissections. However, there were more adverse events (such as heart attack, death or heart failure) in people who had either a balloon or a pTCRA. These were more common in those receiving PTC RA/P TCA compared to those with PTCL. Compared to angioplanasty alone, the use of a balloon did not result in a greater risk of major adverse events such as myocardial infarction, heart failure or death, but patients were more likely to have vascular spasm, perforation and transient vessel occlusion. In certain circumstances (e.g. those who are not able to have heart surgery, those with architecturally complex heart disease, or those with heart disease that fails to return to normal pressure in the heart) people who have a P TCRA may achieve satisfactory re-vascularisation in subsequent procedures. The quality of the trials was unclear due to a lack of information about the methods used in the trials. Therefore, we judged the overall risk of bias in most of the studies to be low or very low due to the lack of data.
We found three randomised clinical trials (RCTs) with a total of 333 adults and young children who had bronchiolitis. Two of the studies were multicentre trials, which means that all of the patients were adults. The other study was from an RCT in Italy. All studies used 2.5 mL of nebulised rhDNase as a daily or twice daily dose. Adjunctive therapy was given in the form of steroids, nasal washing, nasal decongestants and antibiotics. The review found that there was no evidence that nebulising the airway of the lung was better than a placebo (sugar pill) in reducing the length of time spent in the hospital or the need for an ICU stay. There was also no clear effect on the number of patients who had atelectasis, which is a narrowing of the bronchus in the lungs caused by the respiratory virus RVS. There were a few side effects in the treatment group, but these were mostly mild. The results based on the three RCTs in this review did not support the use of the nebulized rhDNDNase in children under 24 months of age. In these patients, treatment did not reduce length of stay in the ICU and did not improve clinical outcomes. It might have a role in patients who have severe COPD, but more studies would need to be done to confirm this.
We found two studies with a total of 181 participants. One study had a small sample size and did not adequately report method of randomising, allocation concealment or pre-planned outcomes. The other study was a large study with a few sources of bias. We found that there was no evidence of a difference between the two approaches for mortality, aneurysm exclusion, major complications, wound infection and long-term (six month) complications. There was a small difference in the length of stay in the intensive care unit (ITU) and in the time spent in the hospital. The percutaneous approach was faster than the cut-down femoral artery access method. There were no wound infections in either group. The quality of the two studies was moderate to high, which means that we are very satisfied with the results. There is a need for more research in this area.
This is an overview of the literature on the use of spermicides in pregnancy. We found two trials that met the inclusion criteria. Both trials were from the USA, and both used the diaphragm and the sponge. The sponge was significantly less effective in both of the trials in the USA and the UK. In the trial from the UK, the 12-month total life-table loss rate was 17.4 for the sponge and 12.8 for the diaper. The rates were 24.5 in the UK and 10.9 in the US. Similarly, the discontinuement rates at 12 months were more with the sponge than with the diapragm. Allergic-type reactions were more common with the spongy sponge, although discontinuing for pain or discomfort differed in the two trials. No new trials have been published since the initial review.
Sixteen studies were identified for inclusion in the review. Six of which were included. Three of the studies investigated the use of a drug for the prevention of cognitive deficits. The other six studies investigated a drug or a treatment or both. Two of the six studies compared a drug to a non-drug treatment (placebo). The other three looked at a treatment for the treatment of the brain tumour. The first study found that the drug methylphenidate may have a role in the prevention or amelioration of the cognitive deficits in adults with brain tumours who have had brain surgery. The second and third studies did not find a difference in the effects of the drugs or treatments. The third study did not look at the drug or the treatments, but did not have enough data to be sure. There was no strong evidence to show that any drug or treatment was better than the other. There were few side effects in the studies. There is some good quality evidence that a drug (memantine) may help to reduce the risk of cognitive loss in adults who have brain metastasis who have been treated with brain surgery, but it is not yet clear if it is better or worse than placebo. There are no studies that have been done in people with brain metastases who have received brain surgery for brain cancer. More research is needed to see if there is a role for a drug, a treatment, or both, in the treatment or prevention of the disease.
We found two randomised controlled trials that compared laser treatment with a placebo (fake laser treatment) or no laser treatment. The age range of participants was from 17 to 55 years. Both of the studies were at high risk of bias (that is, there was a chance of bias in the way they were done) and both were small. One of the trials was of low quality, and the other was very small. Both trials looked at the effect of laser treatment on the loss of sensation in the upper lip and the lip and chin. There was some evidence of an effect of low-level laser therapy on the amount of pain and sensation in these areas, though the results were imprecise. The studies did not report on the effects of the intervention on pain, pain, speech or taste. No study looked at quality of life or adverse events. There is a need for more trials to be done in this area.
We found two randomised controlled trials (281 pregnancies and 282 fetuses) that met our criteria for this review. One of the studies was based on 161 women with a history of diabetes. It showed no difference in the rate of miscarriage, perinatal death or preterm birth (less than 34 weeks of birth) between the treatment group and the no treatment group. In terms of this review's other outcomes, the use of a progestogen was found to have an effect on the risk of cancer in the womb in mothers. There was no effect on any of our other outcomes. The other study (involving 161 women) was based in a group of pregnant women who had undergone IVF. This study showed no effect of combined oestrogens and progestins on the number of pregnancies that resulted in a miscarriage. There were no data on the rates of preterm births, low birthweight of less than 2500 g, high birthweight or low birth weight in the babies, or cancer other than that of the womb. The study did not report on this evidence. The review found that there is not enough data to conclude whether or not there is a role for the combined use (or both) of oestrogen and progostogen in the prevention of miscarriages. There is a lack of high-quality, well-conducted research in this area, and we strongly recommend that more research is done in this field.
This review found that both TCAs and SSRIs are well-treatable in the short-term, and both are safe and well-accepted by patients.
We found nine randomised studies (4373 participants, 5223 attacks) comparing ibuprofen 400 mg with placebo or other drugs that are used to treat migraine headaches. None of the studies used a self-medication, which means that all the people in the studies were aware of the type of drug they were taking, so that they did not know whether they were on a medicine or a sham medicine. Ibuproven 400 mg was better than 200 mg, but not as good as rofecoxib 25 mg, which is a drug that blocks the action of painkillers. The higher dose was better for 2-hour pain-free (26% versus 12%) and 24-hour relief (57% versus 25%) than the lower dose (20% versus 10%) for relieving headache pain. The number of people who had adverse events, which were most often mild and transient, was the same as with placebo, but the higher dose caused more side effects.
We found 43 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 3497 participants with dry eye. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2015. The trials were of low or very low quality. We found that, in general, there was uncertainty whether different OTC artificial tears provide similar relief of dry eye symptoms when compared with each other or placebo. Nevertheless, we found that 0.2% polyacrylic acid-based and 1.4% polyvinyl alcohol-based artificial tears were consistently more effective at treating dry eye pain than 1.0% and 0.6% of the other types of OTC tears, respectively. The quality of the evidence was low due to high risks of bias among the included trials and poor reporting of outcome measures which were insufficient for quantitative analysis. Furthermore, we identified an additional 18 RCTs that were reported only in clinical trial registers with no results or publications. Such lack of reporting of trial results represents a high risk of publication bias.
We found one randomised study in 136 patients that compared the use of lamivudine in second-line regimens or not. There was no difference in the percentage of those with HIV/AIDS who had viral suppression and time to HIV-1 RNA loss after six months in those on a lamivodine or emtricitabine regimen and those who did not. Two other studies (both of low quality) did not find a difference between those who had and did not have a second-low-line treatment regimen. There were no trials that looked at the effects of the first-line drug regimens on the HIV-infected patients. There are no studies that have looked at other drugs that have been used to treat HIV and AIDS.
We found 133 randomised studies involving 844,206 participants. We found a total of seven different tests in the 133 studies, as well as 69 non-prespecified, and 32 types of tests. For the prespecified index tests, we found six randomised trials for the Mallampati test, 105 for the 'Mallampati' test, six for the "moody" test, 52 for thyromental, 18 for sternomental, 34 for the mouth open test, and 30 for the lip bite test. The studies were generally well-conducted, and we judged the risk of bias to be low for all of the tests. The results of the studies showed that all of these tests had a high risk of being wrong. The tests were similar across the studies. The upper lip bite was the most accurate test for diagnosing difficult laryngoscopy. For difficult face mask treatment, we could not be sure whether it was better or worse than the other tests. We could be sure that it was as good as the mouth opening test, but we found that it had a lower risk of making a wrong judgement. We also found that the upper lip bites test had the highest risk of giving the wrong result. We judged the studies to be at low risk of a bias, but there was a low risk for some of the different tests. Overall, we judged all the tests to have a high chance of making the wrong decision. We rated the studies as being of low to very low or very low risk.
This is an overview of the literature on the use of probiotics to treat diarrhoea in children and infants. We included studies that assessed the effects of the probiotics on the duration of the illness and on the frequency of the symptoms. We found that probiotics appear to be safe and have clear effects in shortening the length of time the illness lasts, as well as on the number of times a day that the child has to go to the toilet.
We found only one study that compared nidotherapy-enhanced care with care alone. This study was of low or very low risk of bias. The duration of the included study was 18 months in total. The single study examined the short-term and long-term effects of this new form of care. It found that people who received this new approach to care were more successful than those who did not. In the short term, people who had this approach were more likely to be able to take part in non-inpatient care, and were more satisfied with their care. However, this was not clear in the medium term. The results of the single study did not show that the new approach was better than care alone, but it did show that it was more effective than care as a whole. The review found that there was a mixed picture of the benefits and harms of this approach. The authors of the one study were not able to tell us whether or not it was better or worse than the usual care, so we could not be sure of the results.
We found eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 3283 participants. Five of the eight studies (3283 participants) had a 'classical' design in which people were randomised at the start to pregabalin, 150, 300, 450, or 600 mg, or placebo, with assessment after 8 to 13 weeks of stable treatment. Two studies (1492 people) had an 'EERW' (randomised, double-blinded) design. One study (177 people) was a 'nightly' (nightly) study, and found that there was no effect on pain. The other five RCTs had an EERW with an 'enhanced' (elevated) design, in which those with good pain relief after the start of treatment were randomized to either a dose that was 300 to 600 mg daily or a dose of 600 mg per day. Pregabalin was compared to a placebo (sugar pill) for 12 to 26 weeks, and a short down-titration to placebo for 13 or 26 weeks. We found that people with fibromyalgia who took pre gabalin (450 mg) or placebo (600 mg daily) had at least 50% pain reduction after 12 or 13 weeks' treatment, and about 10% more than those who took placebo. The number of people who had a moderate or very good pain reduction (at least 30% pain relief) was more than that of those taking placebo (high- or high- or low- or very low-quality evidence). We also found that those who did not have a pain decrease (high quality evidence) were more likely to have a good response to treatment (high or moderate- or poor- or both) than people who took a placebo. We were able to combine the data from five of the studies (1874 people) and we found that the pain reduction was similar to those of fibromy
We found one randomised controlled trial (involving 135 women) that met our inclusion criteria. The trial was at a low risk of bias. The study did not report any of this review's prespecified outcomes. There was no evidence of a difference between the treatment and control group in Apgar score less than seven at five minutes (range 0.05 to 5.46) nor gestant age at birth (range -0.62 to 0.22). However, there were more maternal side effects (feels hot and flushed) in the control group. There were no differences seen between groups in the rate of haemorrhage and caesarean birth. There is a need for high- and low-quality trials to assess the use of these drugs in the treatment of pre-eclampsia.
Four studies met all of the criteria for inclusion in this review. Two of the four studies used a combination of a drug and a cognitive and behavioural therapy, whilst the other two used a drug plus cognitive and behavioural treatment through counselling, one through text message support and the other through clinic doctors who were trained in the use of these techniques. The results from all four of the studies showed that these interventions can help smokers to quit smoking. However, there was a lack of data on the effects of these programs in non-Indigenous populations. This means that we are not able to draw any conclusions from these trials. More research is required to assess the impact of these treatments on the health of smokers and non-smokers.
We found 13 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) including 5686 adult patients in ICUs. We found that PAC did not affect the death rate in the ICU or death in the hospital. We considered studies of high-risk surgery patients (eight studies) and patients with a high risk of death (five) as subgroups for the meta-analysis. The pooled risk (RR) for death was 1.02 (95% CI -96% to 1.09) for the studies of patients with high risk deaths and 0.98 for those with a low risk. Of the eight trials of high risk surgery patients, five evaluated the use of pre-operations to reduce the risk of dying but there was no difference in death when these two groups were examined separately. We did not find that PAC had an impact on death in ICU. We also found that use of a PAC does not change the death or death rate for adult ICU patients. We rated 75% of the studies as low risk of bias based on the low weight the studies had in the review. Four studies, conducted in the US (US), reported costs based on costs billed, which were higher in the PAC groups. Two of these studies did not show a difference in the cost of the PAC. We judged the quality of evidence to be high for mortality and LOS but low for cost. Efficacy of PAC is not clear. Newer, less-invasive monitoring tools need to be tested against PAC prior to use in the care of patients.
This review found that venepuncture was the method of choice for blood sampling in term newborns. The use of a sweet-tasting solution before the procedure reduced the pain of the procedure. When a sweet tasting solution was not used, the pain was not reduced. However, when a sweet taste was added to the venepuncture solution, it was reduced by a small amount. There was no difference between the groups in terms of the need for more than one skin puncture. The quality of the studies was variable. The authors of the review suggest that further well designed trials should be done in settings where a skilled phlebotomist is employed to carry out the procedures.
We found two small randomised trials including 52 women with a broken down perineal wound at point of entry. One of the studies was of poor quality and the other was of high quality. Both studies reported on wound healing at four weeks and six months. There was a trend to favour the resuturing group, but there was not a difference between both groups. Similarly, there was no difference in rates of dyspareunia (a measure for this review) at the time of the trial. The other trial did not report on this measure. Neither of the two trials reported on pain at any time, pain at six months or more; pain at two months; the woman's satisfaction with the appearance of the wound; the effect of suturing on the body; breastfeeding; or the effect on the health of the mother. There is a need for a large, well-conducted randomised trial to assess the effects of both types of suture.
We found 18 studies involving 2521 participants. The studies were small and of poor quality. Most of the trials were of poor or very small size. Only three of the studies showed that compared with antiviral drugs, Chinese medicinal herbs may be effective in treating influenza. 'Ganmao' capsules were found to be more effective than amantadine in decreasing flu symptoms in one study. There were no clear differences between 'E Shu You' capsules and ribavirin in treating flu, nor in the rate of side effects. Ten of the 18 studies reported mild side effects, and most were mild. The quality of the evidence was poor. More high-quality RCTs with large numbers of patients and clear reporting are needed.
We found 8 studies with a total of 580 patients that compared thrombolytics, fibrins and fibrin sheath disruption with a placebo (sugar pill) or with a drug or with no drug. The studies were of low to high risk of bias due to the small numbers of patients in the studies and the fact that most of the studies had a low number of patients. The evidence is up to date as of May 2015. Thrombolysic drugs, fibins and over-the-wire catheter exchange are effective and appropriate therapies for restoring catheter patency in dysfunctional cuffed and tunnelled HD catheters. There is insufficient evidence to suggest that any of these treatments is better or worse than the others in terms of the amount of time that the catheter is left in place or the time that it takes for it to return to its normal size. The quality of the evidence is low due to a lack of data and imprecision in the estimates of adverse events.
We found 17 randomised clinical trials (22 treatment comparisons) that met the inclusion of a drug to the regimen and a control (the regimen alone) that did not. There are 1532 deaths in 2116 participants in the 17 trials. There was no difference in the time to progression of the tumour in these trials. We found that adding one or more drugs to the treatment regimen had a positive effect on the growth of tumour. There were no differences in survival time or time to growth in these studies. The effect of the drug on tumour growth was found to be greater in the group of patients who received a drug than in the control group. The risk of side events such as hair loss, nausea and vomiting, and leucopenia were more common with the use of drugs compared to the group who did not receive a drug.
This is an overview of the literature on the effects of a non-nurse-led nursing home. We found 10 randomised controlled trials with a total of 1896 patients. The evidence is up to date as of May 2013. There is some evidence that patients discharged from a nursing home are better prepared for discharge but it is not clear if this is due to an increased length of stay in the care of the nursing staff. There was a large non-significant increase in the number of deaths in the first week after discharge from the nursing home but this may be due to the length of time patients spent in the hospital and the fact that patients were discharged from the care before the end of the study. There were no major adverse effects of the care but the possibility of an increased risk of death from any cause cannot be ruled out. Costs of care on the NLU were higher for UK studies but lower for US based studies. More research is needed.
We found 11 studies including 414 participants in the review. Overall, there is not enough evidence to support the use of one type of therapy over the other or to suggest that one treatment is better than the other. There is also not enough data to show that one therapy is more good than the others. There are too few studies to be able to draw any firm conclusions on the effects of these types of treatments. More studies are needed to assess the safety of these treatments.
We identified eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 10,000 people. The intervention types were pravastatin, atorvastatin (a type of drug), simvastalin (a drug), clofibrate, and conjugate (a hormone), all in people with a history of stroke or TIA. There was no clear effect of these drugs on the risk of stroke recurrence but there was a marginal effect on the rate of subsequent heart attacks and deaths. There is no clear evidence that such drugs are helpful in those with a recent haemorrhage or stroke or both. In view of this and the results of this review, it is not clear whether statins should be given to all patients who have had a prior stroke or a recent TIA and it is unclear whether they should be started at the time of the stroke or later.
Eleven campaigns met the inclusion criteria for this review. Studies differed in design, settings, duration, content and content of the campaigns, length of follow-up, and methods of evaluation used. Overall, there is evidence that programmes which include a range of interventions, such as education and outreach, can change the behaviour of adults who smoke in the USA. One state-wide programme in the US state of Massachusetts showed a positive effect up to eight years after the start of the programme. One of the three that did not show a change in behaviour showed a significant change on both smokers and ex-smokers. Six of nine other studies carried out in different parts of the USA showed some changes in behaviour, although these were not consistent. There is a lack of strong evidence on the effect of these programmes on the number of people who smoke.
We found 24 studies with a total of 2166 participants, 23 of which provided data for the meta-analysis. Seventeen studies that compared yoga with no therapy or with psychosocial/educational treatment provided moderate- or very low- or low-quality data for health- and sleep-related outcomes. Yoga did not appear to be as good as no therapy, but may be as effective as other interventions. Four of the 24 studies that looked at the effects of yoga on mood and tiredness, as well as on depression, anxiety and fatigue, did not show any short- or long-term effects. Three studies that assessed the effect of yoga compared with other types of interventions, such as stress and anxiety, showed no short-term effect on health- or tiredness. No study looked at safety- or adverse events. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. This was mainly due to the small numbers of people in the study and the fact that the results were based on studies that did not have a high risk of bias. This means that we cannot be sure of the results.
We identified one study that compared post-operative imaging within 48 hours with no imaging. This study included 125 people who had surgery for glioblastoma. Most of the people in the study had surgery to the tumour in both the brain and the neck. The study was at high risk of bias, which means that it could have been biased. We found little or no evidence on the effect of any of the imaging strategies on survival and other health outcome. The evidence from this study was of very low or low certainty. We identified no data on the effects of other types of imaging. In addition, we found no information on the cost-effectiveness of the different types of surgery.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that randomised 161 participants to chlorpromazine, metiapine, or both of these drugs. There was no clear evidence of a clear difference in the effects of these three drugs. Chlorpromazine did not seem to be better or worse than other drugs, and both drugs were similar in terms of side effects. There were no data on the other key outcomes we were most interested in, such as the effect of the drugs on mental state, the number of patients who had to leave the study, the amount of time people spent in the care, or the cost of care. We judged the quality of the evidence to be very low.
Twenty-three studies were identified for inclusion in this review. Nitro-imidazole, mesalamine and azathioprine/6-MP were all found to be effective in the prevention of recurrence of Crohn's disease. However, these drugs were also more likely to cause side effects. There was no clear difference in the risk of a recurrence in any outcome. There were no trials of probiotics.
We found seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 885 adults who used illicit drugs. The psychosocial interventions considered in the studies were: cognitive-behavioural coping skills training (one study), twelve-step programme (one trial), brief intervention (three studies), brief interventions (three trials), motivational interviewing (two studies), and brief interventions only (one RCT). We found that there was no difference between the interventions in terms of the number of people who used drugs and the amount of alcohol they used. There were no data for the secondary outcome, alcohol-related harm. We found low to very low-quality evidence to suggest that there is no difference in effectiveness between the psychoocial interventions to reduce alcohol use among people who use illicit drugs, and that brief interventions are not superior to assessment-only or to treatment as usual. No firm conclusions can be made because of the paucity of the data and the low quality of the retrieved data. We judged the majority of the trials to have a high or unclear risk of bias.
We found 23 studies with a total of 1586 participants. Fifty-eight per cent of these participants were from five unpublished studies. The studies compared quinine to placebo (20 trials, 1140), theophylline (four trials, 543), vitamin E (three trials, 510), a vitamin E-vibronzololide (three studies, 510) and a quinaine-vitamin E (one trial, 77), and xylocaine (one study, 24). Quinine was used to treat muscle cramp in 20 of the 23 trials. The most common dose of the drug was 300 mg/day (range 200 to 500 mg). We found no new trials when searches were updated in 2014. The risk of bias in the trials varied considerably. All trials claimed to be randomised, but only a small number described the methods of randomisation and the way in which people were randomised. Only a few of the trials described how people were put in groups, so we could not be sure of this. Quinine was not more or less effective than other drugs, such as other medicines, or any other non-drug treatments, in the reduction of cramps. There is low or very low- or low-quality data on the effect of taking quine. There was moderate- to low- and low-or high- or high-risk-risk of serious side-effects. The quality of the evidence was low or low for cramps and cramp days, and low or moderate for adverse events.
We found seven randomised controlled trials (five parallel, two cross-over) with a total of 406 participants. Six of the studies were of idiopathic cramps, one was of nocturnal leg cramps and one was a cross over study. Three of the seven trials were of pregnancy- or rest cramps. In four of the trials, a group of people were assigned to each treatment group. Magnesium was compared to a placebo in six of the six trials and to no treatment in one. The studies were small and of low quality. We could not tell whether or not the number of people who dropped out due to side effects was similar to that of the control group. The results of the one study that looked at no treatment did not find a benefit on a three-point ordinal scale of overall treatment effect. The two studies that did not look at any of the measures of cramps found no difference between the two groups in terms of cramp frequency or intensity. We found no randomised trials of muscle cramps in people with other types of disease. We judged the results of this review as being of low or moderate quality. This means that we are not able to be sure of the results.
We found one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared a six-month, home-based, combined muscle strength and recumbent cycle ergometry training program with usual care in 14 people with SMA type 3. The age range of the patients was from 10 years to 48 years. The study was not blinded, which means that both staff and patients knew which group they were in. The results of the trial showed that people in the training group had a small increase in the amount of air in their blood (VO2max) from the start to the end of the study. The training group did not have a meaningful effect on the amount that people walked, but it did show a slight increase in muscle strength, which ranges from 28 to 280 points on a range of 0 to 66 points. There was no change in the change in heart rate, blood pressure, or blood flow to the lungs. The trial did not show an effect of the training program on quality of life, but training did not seem to have an effect on tiredness or pain. We found that there was very low-certainty data for all of the outcomes, which meant that we could not be sure of the results. We need more good-conducted, large-scale studies to assess the effects of this intervention.
We found two small randomised trials (N = 149) that compared surgery for cervical spondylosis or myelitis with physiotherapy or hard collar immobilization. Both were of low or very low risk of bias. One trial (81 patients) found that surgery was better in the short-term for pain, but there were no clear benefits in the long-term. One small trial (68 people) found no clear effect of surgery on pain, strength or pain loss in patients with mild myelopathy. Both small trials had significant risks of bias and do not provide clear evidence on the effects of surgery for patients with spinal cord or spinal cord pain. It is not clear whether the short term risks of surgery are outweighed by long term benefits.
Nine studies met our inclusion criteria, five RCTs, one CCT and three ITSs. Six of the nine studies looked at the use of telephone calls to doctors or nurses, four by a doctor and one by a nurse. Three of five studies found a decrease in visits to GP's but two found a large increase in the number of calls to the GP. In general at least 50% of calls were dealt with by telephone calls alone. Seven of nine looked at health care visits to the hospital, six showed no difference between the groups and one, of nurse phone calls, found an increase in visits. Two of the studies found no difference in the risk of death between nurse calls and those made by a health care worker. Telephone calls to health care workers may reduce the need for out-of-hours visits by doctors, nurses and nurses. However, questions remain about the impact of these calls on patients' use of care.
We found 84 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 22,872 participants. The evidence is up to date as of 30 June 2018. The studies were of moderate or low quality. The results of this review indicate that there are no substantive, meaningful benefits of MI for preventing alcohol use, misuse or alcohol-related problems. At four or more months, we found that there was no clear effect of MI on reducing the amount of alcohol consumed, frequency of alcohol consumption, or the number of days/week that alcohol was consumed. We found that MI did not have an effect on reducing binge or binge-drinking, and we found no evidence that MI had an impact on drink-driving or other types of risky behaviour. None of the studies reported harms related to MI. Overall, the risk of bias assessment showed that the quality of the evidence was low or very low, which means that any of the results could be biased by short-term or long-term reporting or publication bias. However, studies with longer follow-up periods of at least four months were of more interest in assessing the effects of MI and were less likely to be biased.
We found 29 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 2210 adults and children. All participants had asthma, and follow-up ranged from 2 to 26 weeks. Most studies were at low or unclear risk of bias and at high risk for bias, meaning that we could not be certain of the results. We considered most of the evidence to be of low or low quality. Most of the trials were small and at low risk of blinding, which means that we cannot be sure of the findings. We found that training people to improve their inhaler technique may work in some cases, but we found that it was not clear whether it had a clear impact on people’s quality of life. We also found that people who had training to use their inhalers more often and those who did not had less. We did not find that any of the three types of training that we looked at had an effect on the number of people who showed 'good' or 'good’ technique. We judged the quality of the studies to be low or very low.
Three small randomised trials, involving 226 participants, were included. One of the three trials included patients with presumed ischaemic stroke, and the other two included people with ICH without CT-verified ICH. Data on the effect of mannitol was not reported in any of the trials. The trials did not have enough data to be sure whether or not mannitor is helpful in the acute stroke. Adverse events were either not found or not reported. The change in the change in clinical condition was not seen in two of the studies, and there was no difference in the percentage of those with a worse or better condition. Based on these three trials, neither beneficial nor harms could be shown.
Six studies were identified with 425 patients randomized to D-penicillamine or placebo, and 258 to placebo. The studies were conducted in the USA, the UK and the Netherlands. A large number of patients dropped out of the studies, mostly due to adverse events, such as kidney and blood clotting problems. The results of the six studies showed that D- penicillamines may have a beneficial effect on the disease activity of patients with rheumatoid arthritis, but with a higher risk of side effects. Its effects on long-term functional status and radical progression are not clear from this review.
We found four relevant trials. All of them were of low quality. All four studies used a decoction of Huangqi compounds as the intervention with chemotherapy. Three of the four trials compared the use of the decoctions with a control group and the fourth trial did not. We found no evidence of harm in any of the studies. There was a reduction in the percentage of patients who had nausea & vomiting, and a decrease in the rate of leucopenia (low white blood cell count). There was also a significant increase in the number of T-lymphocyte subsets: CD3; CD4 and CD8. We need more high quality randomised controlled trials to assess the effects of the use or use of Chinese herbs in the treatment of cancer.
We found three randomised clinical trials that met our inclusion criteria. The three trials included a total of 866 adults aged four to 55 years with RP. One trial evaluated the effect of vitamin A alone, one of the three studies evaluated DHA alone, and a third study compared DHA and VA versus VA. The trials were small, with a mean age of 68 years, and all three trials had a low risk of bias. None of the studies had a formal protocol, so we were not able to tell whether there was a bias in the way they were conducted. The studies did not report on the primary outcome, mean change in visual field from baseline at one year, and the change in ERG amplitudes at five years follow-up. No side effects or adverse events were found in any of the trials. No trial reported a benefit of VA and/or DHA on the progression of visual field loss or visual acuity loss. Two of the included trials did report differences between some subgroups of people with RP, but these results have not been found to be reliable. Based on the results of three RCTs, there is no clear evidence for benefit of treatment with VA or DHA for treating RP.
We identified three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 414 participants. All three RCTs included in this review were from rheumatology clinics, both in or outside hospitals. The trials included a total of 414 people, most with RA and some with AS. The interventions aimed to reduce the risk of job loss and the loss of work in the short term and in the long term. The duration or dose of the interventions varied from one or two 1.5-hour or six to eight sessions (one trial) over five months, to two or eight sessions during three months (one study), to six or eight individual or group sessions over six months (also one RCT). All participants were recruited through rheumodialysis clinics, and all were in or out of hospitals. Two of the three trials (n = 242 and 140) investigated job loss, and the other trial (n= 140) looked at work loss and found a large effect in both groups, although the difference was very wide. The latter one probably suffered from bias and we judged it to have a high risk of bias. The one small trial investigating work loss found uncertain results at six months' follow-up (MD = -2.42 days, 95% confidence interval (CI) -5.03 to 0.19). The one large trial investigating the effect of the intervention on work loss reported a large reduction in job loss in both the small and the large groups. We assessed the quality of the evidence using the GRADE approach and judged there to be very low for all three reported outcomes. We found no adverse effects in the three studies. This Cochrane review of three trials found very low quality evidence overall for job loss prevention interventions having an effect on job loss or work absenteeism in workers with inflammatory arthritis. While this evidence is up to date to January 2019.
We identified three randomised trials that included 285 preterm infants (140 of whom had arginine) from three countries. We assessed the quality of the studies as good. We found that giving arginin to preterm babies may reduce the risk of NEC. The number needed to treat for an additional effect (NNTB) was 6 (95% CI 4 to 10). Arginine may also reduce mortality due to any cause (death) and NEC stage 1 and 2. We did not find differences in adverse events between the treatment and no treatment groups. The quality of evidence was moderate. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2018.
We found four randomised studies involving 1943 adults with sinusitis. The trials were well-conducted and double-blinded and studied INCS versus placebo or no treatment. The mean age of the people in the trials was 73 years and the mean duration of follow-up was 21 days. The average age of participants was 71 years. In all four studies, people who received INCS were more than twice as likely to have a complete or partial resolution of their sinusesitis symptoms than those who did not receive INCS (73% versus 66%). Higher doses of INCS had a stronger effect on improvement of symptoms or complete relief (for mometasone furoate 400 µg versus 200 µg) than those that did not take INCS. There was no difference in the drop-out and recurrence rates for the treatment groups and for groups that took higher doses of the drug. The risk of adverse events was similar in both treatment groups. No new trials were found for inclusion in this update.
This review found that the use of vancomycin in low doses reduced the rate of sepsis in preterm babies. There was not enough evidence to be sure whether this was due to the low or high dose of the drug. There were no differences between the two groups in mortality, length of stay, and evidence of adverse effects of the drugs. There is a lack of evidence to show that prophylactics are more likely to cause harm than no treatment. It is not known whether this is the case for babies with very low birth weight babies.
Fourteen reports of 13 randomized trials on dressing or topical agents for wound healing were included in this review. Fourteen of these trials were of poor quality. There was a lack of data on the choice of dressing and topical agents. A single trial of aloe vera and gauze showed that the wound healed more than with gauze and foam. There were no differences between gauze, foam, alginate, or other dressers for the length of time wounds healed. Gauze was found to cause more pain for some patients than foam and foam, but the use of gauze did not seem to increase the time spent in hospital. Foam is best studied as an 'advice' for gauze.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials that included 1482 women. Five studies were published before 1985 and six from 2005 to 2014. Four of the 11 trials were of oral contraceptives, and three were of an intrauterine device (IUD). We found two studies of progestin-only pills and two of the etonogestrel implant. Most studies did not report differences in breastfeeding time, breast milk size, or growth of the babies. However, some of the studies did show that the COCs or the implant may have had an effect on lactation time. For breast milk volume, two of eight studies showed a negative effect on breast milk. One of eight trials did not show a change in breast milk weight. The other showed a lower weight gain (grams) for the cologestar implant. Of four of 11 trials that looked at infant growth, three showed no difference between groups. One showed a greater weight gain in the implant group versus no method but less in the other three groups. The quality of the evidence was low for three of four placebo-controlled trials of oral birth control pills or the CODs, and low for one of the four COC studies.
We found 10 studies from Australia, Singapore and the USA that met our inclusion criteria. We grouped them according to the extent to which they adjusted for the effects of RTM and spillover. We found that the use of red-light video cameras is likely to reduce the risk of some types of crashes, but not all of them. Most of the 10 studies did not adjust for either RTM or spillover, which may have had an impact on the results. However, the studies that did adjust for RTM did not make changes to the way they were done, which could have affected the findings. The 10 studies that we included in the review were small and of low quality, so we could not be sure if they were of high or low quality. Larger and better studies are needed to confirm the results of this review.
Four trials involving 494 adults were included in this review. Three of the four trials, involving 383 adults, provided data on the proportion of patients who had achieved a blood clot-free INR of at day five. One of the studies, with a 10-mg warfarin nomogram, showed a benefit for patients with VTE who had a clot free INR by day five, with the number needed to treat for an effect of 2.0 to 3.0. In the other three trials, a 5-mg and 10- mg loading dose were compared. One study, with both inpatients and outpatients, showed no difference in the number of patients with a clot. No difference was found in the rate of bleeding at 14 to 90 days or in length of time spent in hospital. In patients with DVT or PE, there is a lack of evidence on the use of a 10 mg or a 5 mg dose for the initiation of warfarins. Heterogeneity in the four studies, mainly due to the small number of people in the study and length of follow-up, limits certainty about the best dose to use for the initial treatment of VTE.
We found seven trials with a total of 555 participants. Three of the trials compared enhanced care in the hospital setting with conventional care. Two of the studies compared an enhanced care model in hospital and at home after the end of the study. The other three trials compared a model of care led by a geriatrician to a care team led by orthopaedics. The age of the people in the trials ranged from the point of discharge to 24 months after discharge. None of the included trials were designed to provide care for people with dementia, so the data were from subgroups of older people who had had a hip fracture. We found that some of the models of care used in the studies may show some effects on reducing the risk of delirium and reducing the length of stay in hospital for older adults who have had hip surgery. There was limited evidence that some models of enhanced care and care may reduce the rate of some other side effects of hip surgery, but we found that these were based on very low-certainty results. There were no data from the trials for our main outcome of health-based quality of life, and we were not able to draw any conclusions with confidence. We considered all studies to be at high risk of bias, which means that they may have been at risk of overestimation of the true effect.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of home-based care for children with a range of chronic and acute illness. We found seven RCTs with 840 adults and children. Participants, interventions and results were diverse. No significant differences were found in health outcomes; the length of stay in hospital was reduced in two of the studies. Three of the trials found that home care was more costly for the home care providers, with substantial cost savings for the family in one study, while one study did not find any benefits for the families. Three studies found that there was a reduction in the time spent in the hospital and an improvement in child behaviours. Overall, there was an increase in the amount of time a child spent in hospital. There was no change in the rate of readmission to hospital, but there was some improvement in parental anxiety and child behaviour. Also, there were more children who were able to cope with the care they received. Home care was not found to have an impact on parental burden of care or on the health of the children. Further trials are needed to assess the impact of home care on health, quality of life, costs and long-term costs.
We found 40 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared ICM versus standard care, and ICM with non-ICM. The evidence is up to date as of May 2016. We found that ICM is effective in reducing the number of days spent in hospital per month and the time spent in the hospital. ICM may make little or no difference in reducing death by suicide, but it may make a small or no impact on death by self-harm or death from any cause. It may also make a moderate or low impact on adverse events, although ICM's effect on mental state and quality of life remains similar to that of ICM compared to non- ICM. In addition, ICM probably makes a moderate to low effect on the rate of people leaving the trial early and on the rates of leaving the study. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for many of the outcomes. The main limitation of the review was that most of the studies had a high risk of bias, which means that we cannot be sure of the results.
We found 16 trials (464 participants) that compared box model training with no training. All the 16 trials used video trainers. There were 14 trials (382 people) that assessed the effects of different methods of box training. Overall, the time to complete the task was significantly shorter in the box model group than in the control group. The time taken for the task to be completed was also longer in the training group. There was no difference in the time taken in the other three groups. The box model trainees had a lower error score, a better accuracy score, and a greater number of errors when compared with those in the group that did not have any training. The trainees in the trainees' group had a significantly shorter time to finish the task. None of the other outcomes such as death and morbidity were reported in the trials. The trials were at high risk of bias, which means that they may have been biased. The results of this review are threatened by both risks of bias (bias) and risks of chance (play of chance). Laparoscopy training with box models may be better than no training in trainees with no laparoscopies. The impact of this training on trainees and on patients and healthcare funders in terms of the time spent on the task is not known. There appears to be no differences in the quality of the training. There is a need for well-designed studies that assess the impact of box trainees on both short and long term. Such trials should assess the impacts of box models on both the short term and the long term, as well-being of trainees.
We found two randomised clinical trials that met the inclusion criteria. One of the trials compared biliary lavage with hydrocortisone and the other trial, comparing budesonide with prednisone, found that corticosteroids via nasobiliary tube did not improve cholangiographic results. However, the use of corticostimulants by nasobilators may cause severe side effects. The trials did not find any evidence that peroral glucocorticoids are useful in the treatment of primary sclerosing cholangeaemia.
The authors of this review identified 11 randomised trials that assessed the effects of feeding interventions on death and disability. Seven of the 11 trials (284 patients) compared the timing of feeding support (e.g. early versus late) and five trials (207 patients) looked at death. Seven studies (284 participants) looked specifically at mortality. Five of the studies (207 participants) also looked at deaths. Data on death were available for three of the trials. The results of these trials showed a trend towards a trend to a greater risk of death with early feeding. The authors of the review found that feeding interventions that involve parenteral (feeding through a tube) and enteral (feed through a vein) feeds may be more successful than those that include enteral feeds. There were no deaths in the studies, but there was a lack of data on death or disability. There is a need for more randomised controlled trials that look at the effect of early feeding on survival and on disability.
We found 57 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 34,390 participants. Forty one studies (42 comparisons, 19,241 participants) provided data for the main meta analysis, which showed that people who used a digital intervention drank approximately 23 g alcohol per week (95% CI 15 to 30) less than people who received no or minimal interventions. Fifteen of the studies (16 comparisons, 10,862 people) showed that those who used the intervention had less than one drink per month less than those who had no or low interventions. In 15 studies (3587 people) people had about one drink less per day less per month in the intervention group, and in 15 of the 15 trials (9791 people) participants had one less drink per day per week. There was no effect on the amount of alcohol people drank at end of follow up. There were no studies that looked at the impact of the intervention on people’s self-efficacy. Only five of the trials (390 people) looked at people who were given face-to-face interventions. The studies did not show a clear difference in the amount people drank. Thus, people who took part in a digital program had less or no change in their drinking at the end of the study. The results of five small studies (390 patients) showed there was little or no effect of the interventions on drinking. However, the BCTs of behaviour change, behavioural change, problem-solving, and self-help were found to be more helpful than those that did not use these. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate. The main source of bias was from the low or high risk of bias, which means that we cannot be sure of the results.
We found 24 studies in the review with a total of 4233 participants, of which 2124 were randomised to benzodiazepine and 1475 to placebo. The remaining 634 people were randomized to other treatments in three-arm trials. We assessed the quality of the evidence as low. We judged all 24 studies as at low risk of bias. However, we judged 20 of the 24 randomised trials as at a high risk for at least one of the three domains. We found that people who took benzodoxiazepine were more likely to have a response to treatment than those who took a placebo. We also found that the dropout rate was lower in people who had taken benzodaxiazepine. The number of dropouts due to side effects was higher in those who had benzodazolamide than in the group who had placebo. Furthermore, we found that more people had at least some side effects when they took a benzodiazapine. We rated the evidence for the other outcomes of the review, such as the change score for depression, social functioning, and adverse events, as of low quality. This means that we are not able to be sure of the results. The quality of evidence is low for both of the main outcomes. The studies were small and of poor quality. Therefore, we could not be sure whether they were of high or low quality, which means that they may have been biased.
We found 13 small randomised trials (1520 people randomised) and three studies that are ongoing. Seven trials (903 people) compared tai chi with no tai Chi. The other seven studies (943 people) looked at people with high blood pressure or high blood glucose levels, elderly people at high risk of falling, and people with low blood pressure and high blood sugar levels. The duration and style of tai-chi differed between trials. There were no deaths from any cause, all-cause mortality or non-fatal events as most studies were short term (all studies had a follow-up of one year or less). There was not enough data to draw any firm conclusion as to whether taichi improves the risk of CVD. However, there was some suggestion that tai chis may have a beneficial effect on CVD risk factors but this was not consistent across all studies. There was no clear evidence of a difference between groups on lipid levels, blood pressure, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) and triglycerides, and there was a suggestion that HDL-C may be increased with the intervention, but this is not clear from the results of the three studies. Quality of life was assessed in one of the 13 trials and it showed an increase in quality of life at three months. None of the studies reported on adverse events, costs or occurrence of type 2 diabetes. There are currently no long-term randomised controlled trials (where people are allocated at random to one of two or more treatment groups) that have looked at tai cheats.
We found 27 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that met our inclusion criteria. Twenty-seven RCTs were included. The interventions were very heterogeneous in the components of the family intervention, the other risk behaviours targeted alongside tobacco, the age of children at baseline and the length of follow-up. The control groups fell into the two main groups: no intervention or usual care; or school-based interventions that provided to all participants. These two groups of studies were considered separately. We were able to extract data from all of the studies in a format that could be combined in a meta-analysis, but we were not able to do this because we did not have all the data we needed. We found that family-based programmes can reduce the number of children and adolescents who start to smoke by between 16 and 32% when compared to a control group that did not receive any intervention. There were more studies of high intensity programmes compared to no intervention, or school 'good behaviour' programmes, than there were for other compairsons. The quality of evidence was downgraded to 'unclear' for at least one risk of bias.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 451 adult cancer patients. The trials compared dexamethasone to placebo, and the third trial compared a range of other corticosteroid treatments in a range. Two studies (127 participants) with data at eight days in the meta-meta-analysis for nausea intensity; no data were available for the third. Two of the three trials (127 and 280 patients) with the same outcomes were funded by drug manufacturers. The third study did not state the funding source. We found very low- to very low quality evidence that corticostimulant drugs, such as corticoids, may be helpful in the treatment of nausea in adults with cancer. Corticoids were well-tolerated, and there were no major side-effects. The studies did not have a high risk of bias, but there were a few deaths in the studies. We judged the quality of this evidence to be very low, due to imprecision, small number of participants, and differences in the doses, dosages, and comparisons of the drugs used.
We found 10 randomised studies of high-risk children who were at high risk of LRTIs. Three of the 10 studies included HIV-infected children (n = 1345), four cystic fibrosis, four sickle cell and one each sickle cells and cancer, and low birth weight newborns with underlying lung disease. The studies ranged from seven days to three years in length. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2015. The trials were small and of low or very low risk of bias. There was insufficient data to be sure that antibiotic prophylactics given to high risk children with LRTI or cancer were more or less effective than usual care. In the one study of children with cancer there was a significant decrease in Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia with trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole (an antibiotic) and a reduction in the rates of hospital admission per child-year of follow-up with co-trimoxazol (an antibiotic) and isoniazid (an antiviral drug). There was no evidence of an effect of the use of antibiotics on growth in the one of the studies that used azithromycin or ciprofloxacin. There were no significant changes in the rate of mortality or adverse events due to antibiotics. In three of the ten studies, there was an increased risk of a pathogenic strain of the bacterium Pseudomonas (infection of the lungs) in one of them. However, the other two studies did not find an increase in the risk of pathogenic strains in the other children. The quality of the evidence from the 10 trials was moderate due to a lack of data.
We identified nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 519 participants. The trials compared the use of different gases (nitrous oxide (three trials), helium (five trials), or room air (one trial) to each other or to carbon dioxide. Three of the studies were at low risk of bias. The other three were at high risk. Three studies randomised participants to nitrous oxide or carbon gas (100 and 196 participants) or to room air. One of the nine RCTs (70 and 76 participants) was at low or very low risk. We could not combine the data from the three studies (140 and 128 participants) which showed that nitrous and carbon gas were similar to the other gases. We were not able to assess the effects of nitrous, nitrous gas, and room air on the first postoperative day. There were no deaths, serious adverse events, or injuries to the heart, lungs, or lungs. We found that room air may be more cost-effective than carbon gas. We rated the quality of the evidence as very low. The quality of evidence was very low, which means that we are very uncertain about the results.
Fourteen randomised studies were included in this review. Eight of the 14 studies involved 303 preterm infants. Eight studies compared dexamethasone versus a high dose and five compared a low dose. Analysis of the eight studies that compared a high and a low-dose dose showed an increased risk of death or BPD. The five studies that looked at a high-dose and low dose showed no differences in the risk of BPD and brain injury. The four other five studies looked at an early or late dose and showed no effect on BPD or brain damage. The two studies that used a pulse versus a pulse therapy showed an increase in BPD when using the pulse. There were no changes between a high or a low dosage of corticostimulant. Finally, the two trials looking at a standard versus a'rescue' course of dexamithasone showed no difference in the incidence of brain damage and long-term outcomes. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2015. The quality of the evidence for all of the comparisons was assessed as low or very low, because the quality of all comparisons is hampered by the small number of trials and small number and low number of participants. A well-designed large RCT is urgently needed to establish the optimal dose of steroid corticosteroid and the optimal timing of initiation of steroid treatment in preterm babies. This plain language summary has been written by a consumer Ben Gray, Senior Peer Researcher, RETHINK, UK www.rethink.org.
We found eight randomised controlled trials involving 996 people. Six of the eight trials were from 1950 to 1965 and one was from 1990 and the other from 2001. Six trials were conducted between 1950 and 1965; one was done in 1990 and 2001. Researchers compared several steroidal agents such as corticotrophin, cortisone, hydrocortisone (a steroid), dexamethasone, prednisone and immunoglobulin with aspirin, placebo or no treatment. Overall there were no differences in risk of heart disease at one year in people who were treated with corticosteroid-treated or no steroidal drugs compared with those who were not. The use of corticostimulant drugs (prednisone) did not reduce the risk of a heart attack in people with rheumatic fever. However, all results should be viewed with caution due to the age of the studies and the substantial risk of bias of the trials.
We found six studies with a total of 12,294 participants from 79 communities. Two studies that assessed insecticide spray as a fly control measure found that it reduced trachoma by at least 55% to 61% with this measure. However, one study did not find this to be effective. One study found that the use of another fly control method, latrine provision, was effective, but this result was not confirmed by a more recent study. Two trials on latrine care have not shown that it is effective. Another study has shown that health education reduces the rate of trachomatous growth. These findings were not shown by a second trial, which found that a low-cost health care programme with a low amount of water supply did not reduce the rate. Overall, there is a dearth of data to assess the effects of all of these measures.
Fifteen studies (1043 people with CFS) were included in the review. CBT was found to be effective in reducing fatigue symptoms at post-treatment compared with usual care, and may be more effective than other types of treatment. The quality of evidence for CBT and CBT alone or in combination with other treatments was inconsistent. There is a lack of evidence on the impact of CBT on fatigue symptoms in CFS.
We found one study including 46 adults and children with sickle cell disease. Of the 46 enrolled participants, seven withdrew from the study before randomising, leaving 39 people who were randomised. Only 25 people completed the full six months of follow up. The study was of low quality and had a high dropout rate, which means that there is a high risk of bias. Compared to the placebo group, the vitamin D group had higher serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D and 25(OH)D levels at eight weeks and at 16 weeks. At both 16 weeks and 24 weeks, vitamin D levels were higher than those of placebo. There was no difference between the two groups in terms of pain days. There were no differences in adverse events (such as tingling of lips or hands) but there was a low risk of side effects (such a dry mouth, dry mouth and dry mouth) in both groups. The evidence is up to date as of 26 November 2018. The quality of the evidence was low for the outcomes of pain, health-related quality of life and physical functioning, but moderate for the other outcomes. Therefore, we consider that the evidence is not of sufficient quality to guide clinical practice.
We found one randomised controlled trial (RCT) with 26 children aged 4 to 12 years, with mild to mild CAS of an unknown cause, that compared the Nuffield Dyspraxia Programme-3 (NDP) and the ReST (ReST) therapy. Treatments were delivered in a one-hour session four days a week, four days per week, for three weeks. The study was funded by the Australian Research and Language Development Programme; the University of Sydney International Development Fund; a Douglas and Lola Douglas Scholarship on Child and Adolescent Health; Nadia Verrall and James Kentley Fellowship; and a grant from the National Health and Medical Research Fund. The evidence is up-to-date as of 26 July 2018. The trial was conducted in a university clinic in Australia, and the intervention was delivered by a group of speech and language pathologists who were trained in the use of the English language. The children were assigned to one of the treatments in a random fashion. The intervention was compared with the other intervention, the Rapid Syllable Transitions Treatment (reST), which was delivered in the same way as the NDP-3, but in a different way. Both treatments were given in one- or two-hour sessions, and both treatments were delivered by speech and speech language pathologists. We assessed the effects of both treatments at one month and four months post-therapy, and found that both treatments had an effect on the accuracy of speech production on treated and non-treated words, and on the ability to produce at least three words. ReST had a greater effect than the same amount of speech on non-treatment words, but we judged this to be a low risk of bias due to imprecision of the results. We were unable to say whether one treatment was better than the other due to the small number of children in the study and the small amount of data. We judged all core outcome domains to
We found four trials that randomised 268 adults and children with retinochoroiditis. One of the four studies was from Brazil in both adults and adults. The other three studies were from the UK and one was from the US. In all four studies antibiotics were given by mouth. One study was conducted in the US in adults and one in the UK in children and adults, and the other three were from Brazil. The study in Brazil in adults was judged to be of low or unclear risk of bias due to poor reporting of the methods of the trials. One trial in Brazil reported that the treatment with trimethoprim-sulfamexacocol for 20 months did not lead to a change in visual acuity. However, the treatment did not seem to have an effect on the risk of developing a new eye infection. The three other three trials in the three UK and US studies reported an increase in intra-eye inflammation. In the UK study of pyrimethamine for four weeks, the inflammation had almost resolved by eight weeks in all participants. In this trial, all participants were treated with a steroid. Two of the three studies (UK and US) did not report on side effects in the people who were given antibiotics. These were a fall in haemoglobin (a protein in the blood), leucocyte (a white blood cell), platelets, and platelet count, nausea, loss of weight gain, and rash. We judged these three studies to be at a low or low risk of being biased due to a lack of data. We rated the quality of evidence as low or very low for all of the results.
We found 43 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that met the inclusion criteria. Twenty-two trials (3749 people) compared the Gamma nail with the sliding hip screw. The Gamma nail was associated with an increased risk of surgery to fix the fracture of the femur, and an increase in the reoperation rate. Five trials (623 people) of other nail versus non-nail implants compared the extramedullary implant. There were no differences between the two implants in wound infection, mortality or the length of time spent in the hospital. Three trials (394 people) showed no evidence that there was a difference in the risk of reoperations, reoperation, wound infection and length of stay in hospital for the proximal femoral nail versus the SHS. None of the 10 trials (1491 people) that looked at other nail and non- nail implants for trochanteric fractures found evidence to show that there were any differences in the results. The SHS seems to be a good choice for some types of fractures, but there is a lack of data to be sure of this. Two trials (65 people) found that the nails were more likely to have fewer fractures in the bone of the bone at the level of the hip than fixed nail plate for fractures at the top of the thigh. Two studies (124 patients) found a trend to less damage to the bone with the nails, but no evidence of a difference between the nails and plate. The nails were not more or less safe than fixed plate for some bone types.
We found only one study that met our criteria and was included in the review. It analysed data for 47 women who received either surgery (n = 27) or treatment with the drug, Octreotide, and found that the women who had surgery had a longer time to death than those who had treatment with either surgery or surgery with a drug, but the size of this effect was not clear. We could not be sure about the effect of surgery on survival. We found insufficient data to be able to draw any firm conclusions about the benefits and harms of one treatment or the other.
Four studies met the inclusion criteria for this review. They comprised 244 women with PCOS who received 12 weeks or 6 weeks of treatment. Two trials (184 women randomised) studied the effects of simvastatin and the other study (60 women) compared the use of atorvastatatin with the oral contraceptive pill. There was no good evidence that statins improved the rate of ovulation, the number of women with hirsutism or acne, nor were there any effects on body mass index (BMI). Statins were found to be effective in lowering the levels of testosterone and lipid in the blood. However, there was no clear evidence that they had any effect on the number or type of women who had to stop the medication. There is a need for more research to be done with large sample sizes and well-designed RCTs to assess the benefits and harms of these drugs. No serious adverse events were found in any of the studies.
The search strategy identified 1522 references of which we excluded 1330 on the basis of title and abstract. We retrieved the remaining 22 articles in full, but none of the 22 studies met our inclusion criteria. We found no new studies. We identified data from observational data from single-arm studies of women with cancer who were treated with formalin-soaked packs, surgery, radiotherapy or other palliative treatments for vaginal bleeding. There is no evidence from randomised trials to support or refute the use of any of the treatments compared with surgery. The choice of an intervention will be based on the local resources.
This review found that temozolomide when given in both concomitant and adjuvant phase of treatment is an effective treatment for GBM. It prolongs the time taken for the tumour to progress and the time that it takes for the disease to get worse. It does not seem to affect QoL but it does have some side effects. In patients with advanced GBM, it appears to be more effective in terms of OS and PFS compared to radiotherapy alone. In people with HGG, it does not appear to be better than other types of GBM but it may have some adverse events. In the age group of people with GBM who are in the elderly, it seems to be similar to other forms of treatment but with a higher rate of side effect.
We found two studies that met our criteria for this review. One of the studies was from Cambodia and the other study was from Latin America. Both of these studies were conducted in the 1990s and both were of low or very low quality. The findings of one of the two studies showed that contracting-in may improve health care access and use. The other study showed that intermittent training courses over 18 months may have an effect on the performance of health care managers. In three countries in Latin America, managers who did not receive the training courses had between 2.4 and 8.3 times more management deficiencies than managers who had received the training. No studies that aimed to assess the impact of these types of programs on the retention of health system managers met our selection criteria for inclusion in this systematic review. There is low quality evidence that the use of private contracts with non-governmental organizations (NGOs) for health care management ('contracting-in') may have a positive impact on health care use and use of public health services. More evidence is required before firm conclusions can be drawn about the effectiveness of these programs in a range of settings.
We found three small randomised studies that involved 123 people. All three of the studies reported on mortality, and deaths occurred in two studies. There was no clear evidence of a difference in mortality between treatment groups (risk ratio (RR) 0.56 to 2.42; 95% CI 0.13 to 0.42). Out of the 123 people randomized and treated, six people died; the causes of death were pneumonia, pulmonary embolism, mediastinitis, and septic shock. Among people randomized to surgery, there was some evidence that surgery was better than non-surgical management in reducing the risk of death from any cause (RR 0.36 to 1.02). There was some information on the effects of surgery on the number of days spent on a ventilator and length of stay in the ICU. There were no data on the length of time spent in an ICU, duration of breathing tube, length of ICU stay, or length of hospital stay. The studies did not describe the methods used for blinding the participants and researchers to the treatment group, but as the comparison is surgical treatment with non-surgery, this bias is hard to avoid.
Fifty trials (19 randomized studies and 31 before-and-after studies) were found that cerivastatin was more potent than fluvastatin, atorvastatin and rosuvastin at lowering blood lipid levels. The trials were of a short length of three to 12 weeks. The studies were conducted in 12,877 people who had their LDL cholesterol and lipid levels measured. The people in the studies were of all ages with and without heart disease and the drugs were given in a range of dosages (2.5 mg to 80 mg) for a short time. We found that the effect of the drugs on lipid levels was similar to those of the other drugs. We judged the evidence for these effects to be high. We did not have a good estimate of harms of the drug due to the short duration of the trials and the lack of reports of side-effects.
We included 28 randomised controlled trials with a total of 6851 patients. The trials randomised 6851 participants to either remote ischaemic preconditioning by cuff or cuff inflation. Most of the studies were of low risk of bias. We found that the evidence was of high quality. The evidence suggests that the use of a cuff is safe, and probably leads to little or no effect on the amount of blood in the blood, need for dialysis, length of time spent in the hospital, death or the risk of kidney injury. It is uncertain whether the method of placing a cuff in place leads to more side effects compared to the control group. There was no evidence that the method was more or less safe than the control method. The risk of serious side effects was low in most of the 28 studies. The quality of the data was low or very low.
We identified 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 703 people who had had a stroke. Eight of the 12 trials (703 people) looked at the effect of treatments for fatigue after stroke. Six trials (244 people) investigated the effects of treatments to treat fatigue, of which six trials with seven comparisons (fluoxetine, enerion, (-)-OSU6162, erythrocyte or (-)-Chen-Chen, citicoline and a herbal medicine) and two non-drug-based treatments (a stress-reduction programme and a mindfulness-based programme) were assessed. None of these treatments showed any benefit on the symptoms of fatigue. Four trials (248 people) did not look at the impact of treatments on fatigue, but other symptoms (such as sleep apnoea or sleepiness). None of the studies looked at ways to prevent or treat fatigue. Some of the treatments described were feasible in people with stroke, but their effect should be tested in RCTs with a more robust study design and a large number of participants. The evidence is up to date to July 2014.
We identified three randomised trials, enrolling 74 preterm infants (outcome data on 71 infants) that compared the use of an insulin-and-sugar and a rectal cation-resin or albuterol (sugar-based) inhalation with rectal injections. The trials were very small with 12 (Malone 1991), 19 (Singh 2002) and 40 infants enrolled. Two of the three trials could not be blinded to the clinical staff. One of the studies (Hu 1999) found that the combination of glucose and glucose inhalation was better than the rectal treatment of rectal resins. The other study (Hu 1991) showed that insulin and cation resins were better than rectal suppositories for all cause deaths. In the study of Hu 1999, the rate of haemorrhage in the brain (intraventous bleeding) was also reduced. The studies did not show that there were differences in mortality or other outcomes. In one of the trials (Hu 2000), albutergol inhalation changed serum K+ from baseline at four hours and at eight hours after initiation of treatment. No differences were noted in death or other clinical outcomes. No serious side effects were noted with either the combined use of insulin and glucose or saline inhalation. In view of the lack of information from these three trials, no firm conclusions can be made about the best treatment for hyperkalaemia in preterm preterm babies. Both the treatment and the inhalation of the intervention could possibly be tested against each other. The effect of other interventions (diuretics, exchange transfusion, peritoneal dialysis and calcium) have not been tested in trials to date.
Twelve trials were found to be eligible for this review. Seven trials with a variable risk of bias compared IVIg with PE in a total of 623 patients. In five trials with 536 participants for whom the outcome was available, the mean difference (MD) of change in a seven-grade disability scale was not different between the two treatments. There were no differences in the other outcome measures. In one trial with 249 children for whom this review was included, the average grade improvement was 0.2 (95% CI -0.14 to 0.54). In the other three trials with 75 children, the MD was significantly more in the combined treatment group than in PE alone. Adverse events were not more frequent with both treatment groups. The primary outcome for this study was available for only one small trial with 21 children. The mean improvement was 1.42 points on a 0 to 7-point scale. In this trial, the children who were given the standard dose were much more likely to be completed than those who were not. In the trial with 34 children, there was no evidence of an effect from the combined dose. In children with severe disease, IVIG started within two weeks from the onset of the disease, as much as PE, but it was not found to have an effect. There are no trials in adults, but this review provides evidence that, in adults with severe or moderate disease, the treatment of intravenous blood clots starts more than PE. Also, according to low to high quality evidence, IVIs after PE did not seem to give more benefit than PE alone, but IVIs did seem to hasten recovery. There is a need for more research in people with mild disease and in people whose treatment starts much more than two weeks. Dose-ranging studies are needed and one is still in progress.
We found 28 randomised clinical trials with a total of 9330 participants. In 21 trials, 7597 participants were randomised to a high and a low dose of inspired oxygen. In the 21 trials that used a high dose of the same dose, a high or low dose was used. The 21 trials with low risk of bias did not show a difference in the risk of death from all-cause or non-all-cause-cause causes. In five of the 28 trials, the trial staff were aware of the type of oxygen being used. A high dose was not found to be more helpful than a low or a low dosage of the oxygen. We found that a high fraction of the airway was not better or worse in terms of death, adverse events, or length of time spent in the ICU. We did not find a clear effect of a high oxygen dose on death from any cause. We could not tell whether a high airway dose was more or less good or bad than a routine dose. We also did not see a clear impact on mortality from all causes. We rated the quality of the evidence as low or very low. The quality of evidence was low to very low for all of the outcomes. This was mainly due to the small number of participants in the trials and the fact that we could not be sure whether the trials were well conducted. The evidence is up to date as of May 2018.
Twenty-five trials (3663 children) were eligible for inclusion in this review. Overall, we assessed most studies as being at low to moderate risk of bias. We found 23 trials (3258 children) that covered a range of antibiotics, patients, and outcome measures. The trials ranged from 10 to 14 days to six months. The evidence is up to date as of May 2015. We identified that oral antibiotics given to children up to 16 years of age with OME are more likely to have complete resolution of OME at various time points than those not given antibiotics. However, we found that these children are more than twice as likely to experience diarrhoea, vomiting or skin rash. We did not find that antibiotics had an effect on short-term or long-term OME. We also found conflicting results on the effect of oral antibiotics on other outcomes such as speech, language and language development or quality of life. None of the trials reported data on speech, speech and language and cognitive development or on the impact of antibiotics on the development of speech or language. We judged the quality of evidence from five meta-analyses, including between two and 14 trials, of a beneficial effect of antibiotics for OME, with a NNTB ranging from 3 to 7.0.
Twelve randomised studies were included, nine RCTs and three before and after studies. Seven studies compared a low protein diet with a control group. Pooling of the seven studies in patients with type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus showed that the LPD group had a non-important effect on the rate of decline of the GFR (GFR) of 0.1 ml/min/month (95% CI -0.1 to0.3) in the low-protein group. For type 2 diabetes, one of the studies showed a small effect of a low LPD in both the control and intervention groups. We found no data on the effects of LPDs on health- and costs. The LPD diet appears to slow the progression to renal failure, but the results show that LPD appears to be effective in the short-term.
We found 19 studies involving 3480 people. Twelve of the studies were of good quality and seven were of lower quality. Twelve studies were conducted in hospitals, and seven in community-based settings. Most studies included people with moderate to severe brain injuries, and the other studies involved people with mild injuries. The evidence is up to date as of May 2015. The review found that most people with brain injuries of all ages and types made a good recovery when they were provided with the right type of information and advice, and when they received the right kind of care. For those with mild brain injury, those who were already in hospital and those who had not yet been in hospital made gains in their recovery. For people with severe brain injury who were still in hospital, those with moderate or severe brain damage made gains earlier in their rehabilitation than those who received rehabilitation in the hospital. For patients who were in hospital with mild or moderate injuries, people who had mild injuries made gains when they had the right types of care, and those with more severe injuries were able to make gains. The quality of evidence was low or very low for all of the outcomes, which means that we could not be sure of the results. We found that the use of a milieu-oriented model of rehabilitation, in which the rehabilitation takes place in a therapeutic environment and involves a peer group of patients, is an effective approach for patients with brain injury. The use of intensive rehabilitation may lead to gains in the short term, but the effect on the longer term is not clear. Intensive rehabilitation may also lead to longer-term gains. Patients who are discharged from in-patient rehabilitation benefit from access to out-patient or health-based services that are appropriate to their needs. The balance between intensity and cost-effectiveness has not yet to be determined. In the future, such questions will need to be considered alongside evidence gathered from large studies conducted in the context of clinical practice.
We found one randomised controlled trial (involving 176 women) comparing rooming-in versus mother-infant separation. The trial was carried out in the US and it compared four groups with a factorial design. The four groups were divided by chance (i.e. by chance alone) into three of the groups as the intervention group and the fourth group as the control group. We combined the results of the four groups as a single pair-wise comparison. We found that there was no difference between the two groups in the amount of breastfeeds per day at six months of age. However, there was a higher rate of breastfeeding on day four postpartum in the roomed-in group (86% (99 of 115) and 45% (17 of 38) of 115 women) than in the group in which the infant was breastfed at a fixed rate of seven times per day. There was no evidence of a difference in the duration of breastfeeding and the percentage of babies who were still breastfed by six months. The evidence is up to date as of May 2018. The quality of the evidence was low because of the small number of women in the trial and the fact that we could not be sure of the results.
Eight trials involving 660 participants were included in this review. Follow-up time was less than one month in six of the eight trials. Seven of the studies were of poor quality. Only two trials provided data for the total case fatality rate, suggesting that people who took sanchi were less likely to die or be dependent at the end of 28 days. There was a lower risk of death and dependence at 28 days of treatment, but this was not clear from the data. Pooled data from seven of the trials showed that patients who had sanchis had a greater reduction in the risk of brain damage than those who did not. The risk of stroke recurrence was similar in both groups. Few adverse events were reported. More well-conducted trials are required.
Fourteen studies were identified but only seven trials could be included in this review. Four of the trials evaluated the timing of implant placement. Two of the studies assessed the use of bone grafting for implants placed in fresh teeth and found that there was no difference in the amount of bone that was found in the implants. One of the two trials that looked at the time taken for the implant to be placed in the tooth and the time it took for the teeth to fill, found that patients in the group that had the implant placed right after the tooth had a longer time for it to be in place. There was a suggestion that people who have an implant placed just after the teeth have a higher risk of implant failures and side effects than those who have a delayed implant. There is not enough evidence to say whether there is a need for an augmentation of the implant when it is placed in a new tooth or whether there are any of these techniques that are more or less good than others. However, on the other hand the results of some trials suggest that there may be some differences in the appearance of the implants when they are placed in new teeth just after teeth have been taken out.
We found one randomised controlled trial comparing clioquinol (PBT1) with placebo in 36 patients and 32 had sufficient data for each of the results. There was no difference between the PBT1 group and the placebo group in terms of changes in cognition (as measured on the Alzheimer's Disease Assessment (ADAS) Scale - Cognition) or on the neuropsychological test (NTB) or the ADAS-Cog. There were no changes in non-cognition (such as visual acuity and vision) or in the effect of the drug on cognition. In the trial of PBT2 in 78 people with Alzheimer's dementia, there was no effect on cognition on the NTB or NTB. However, there were some improvements in two tests of NTB, such as the fluency test (2.8 words, 95% CI 0.1 to 5.4) and the trail making part B (48.0 s). In the second trial, a newer PBT, PBT 2, was compared with a placebo (sugar pill) in 78 patients with mild Alzheimer's and there were no differences between the two groups in these. The drug was well-tolerated in both groups. We have some concerns about the design of the trial; there was an imbalance of the treatment and control groups (participants in the treatment group had a higher mean pre-morbid IQ) and there was a high risk of bias due to the way the study was run. There is a need for more trials to be done in this area.
We found 36 studies with a total of 2999 patients. Nineteen of the studies were conducted for 14 weeks on average, with some as long as 12 months, and 19 trials included group 1 PAH patients. Trials were conducted in adults and children. PDE5 inhibitors appear to have clear beneficial effects in PAH, but we could not be sure of this. We found that people with PAH were more likely to improve their WHO functional class, to walk 48 metres more in 6MWD, and were 22% less likely to die. There was an increased risk of side-effects with these drugs, such as headache, flush, and gastrointestinal upset. There were limited data on other PDE inhibitors, and we were not able to compare them to each other. We could not tell whether these drugs had an effect on the risk of death. We did find that those with PH-LHD were more than twice as good as those without PH, but there was no clear difference in the number of people who died from any cause. We also found that there was a small increase in the amount of time that people walked (27 metres more) in six minutes with the use of these drugs. We rated the quality of the data as low due to the small number of studies and participants, imprecision of the results, and inconsistency across trials. We judged the evidence to be of low quality due to imprecise results across the trials.
We found 22 trials involving a total of 2193 adult patients who had surgery for hand, wrist, arm or elbow surgery. In total 22 of the 22 trials were of high or very high-quality. The trials were well-designed and well-run, although there were a few weaknesses in the way they were conducted. The evidence is up-to-date as of July 2015. The review found evidence that multiple-injections of nerve stimulation for axillary plexus block produce more effective anaesthesia than either double or single-injection techniques. However, there was insufficient evidence to draw any definitive conclusions about differences in other aspects of anaesthesia, such as pain and painkillers, and safety. There were no differences between groups in any of the three comparisons on secondary analgesia failure, complications and pain. Compared with multiple injections, the time for block performance was significantly shorter for single injections and double injections, but there was no difference in time to readiness for surgery.
We found three studies that met the inclusion criteria. All three studies used beclomethasone 200 mcg twice daily delivered by a dry powder Diskhaler to treat children with moderate to mild-moderate asthma. The mean age of children in the three studies was 7-12 months. In all three studies, a decrease in growth was seen in children treated with be clonidine twice a day. The average decrease was -1.54 cm per year. We are unable to comment on the growth of other inhaled steroids that have less systemic effects. If inhaled steroid drugs are needed to treat a child's asthma, we suggest that the dose of inhaled drugs that work most effectively should be used.
This review found that APD has not been shown to have a clear advantage over CAPD in terms of death, risk of peritonitis, the need for a dialysis catheter removal, the risk of switching from PD to a new dialysis modality, hernias, PD fluid leaks or the need to go to hospital. APD may, in some groups of patients, be considered to be better than CAPD. There is a need for an RCT to compare CAPD with APD with a large number of patients.
This review found that CRT was better than CT alone in terms of survival, progression-free survival and progression/relapse of HD, but CT alone seems to cause less SM. Excess SM with CRT is due mainly to ST and is thought to be due to greater need for salvage therapy after RT. However, CRT does not seem to be better than IF-RT, which is the first choice of first-line treatment. For advanced stages (I-II) of HD (i.e. III to IV) CRT seems to be effective for most early stage HD patients, but for advanced stage (II to IV), CRT appears to be more effective than CT.
We found 26 studies with 27 treatment groups that enrolled a total of 4893 patients. Twenty five of the studies were case series or uncontrolled long-term trials, the other study was an RCT. Opioids were administered orally, transdermal, or intrathecally. Many of the patients stopped taking the drugs due to side effects (oral: 22.9% [95% to 32.8%], transdermal: 12.1%, or both) or lack of pain relief (oral 10.3%, or 10.0%, or 7.6%). The amount of pain that people who are able to take the drugs for a long time (at least six months) and the level of pain reduction varied among studies. Many participants discontinued the drugs because of side effects, but those who were able to continue taking them for a longer time reported that the pain was reduced by a large amount (22.9%, or 22.3%). The studies did not have a large enough number of participants to be sure of the effect of the drugs on quality of life or on people’s ability to function in the long term. There was a lack of information about the effects of opioids on people who were unable to take them long term (i.e. those who are not able to use them) or those who stopped taking them due to adverse events (oral 22.6%, or 15.3% or 32.3%), or both (oral 11.6% and 10.9%). The evidence is weak due to the lack of data and the small amount of people who took part in the studies.
We found one trial with 212 participants, all with spinal cord injury and pressure ulcers classed as stage II and IV. The participants were mainly male (98.2%, 106/108) with a mean age of 58.4 (range 10.4 to 58.6 years) in the oxandrolone group and were all male (100%, 104/104) with an average age of 57.3 (range 11.6 to 57.0 years in the placebo group). The study was funded by the National Institutes of Health (NIH) and the study authors did not disclose the source of the funding. This trial compared oxandolone (20 mg/day, administered orally) with placebo (an inactive substance consisting of 98% starch and 2% magnesium stearate) and reported data on complete healing of ulcers and adverse events. There was very low-certainty evidence on the relative effect of oxandolinolone on complete ulcer healing at the end of a 24-week treatment period (risk ratio RR) 0.81, 95% confidence interval 0.52 to 1.26) (downgraded twice for imprecision due to an extremely wide 95% CI, which spanned both benefit and harm, and once for indirectness, as the participants were mostly male spinal cord injuries). Thus, we are uncertain whether oxandlinolone improves or harms the healing of the ulcers, as we assessed the certainty of the evidence as very low. We are also very low to very low on the risk of serious adverse events and non-serious adverse events reported in participants. Thus, the evidence in this study was of very low quality. This study stopped early when the futility analysis (interim analysis) in an analysis of the study results showed that oxandrinolone had no benefit over placebo for improving ulcer healed ulcers. There is no high quality evidence to support the use of anabolic steroids in
We found six randomised controlled trials involving 8372 people. Four of the six studies were judged to be of high risk of bias for at least one area of the study. Four trials compared email to standard mail and two compared email, or a form of email, to usual care. There was no clear difference between the groups for the number of people who took part in the health-promotion programmes. However, there was a lack of data on the impact of email on the health of the patients or their caregivers. For email and care, there were no clear benefits or harms. The quality of evidence was low or very low for all of the outcomes of this review.
This review identified 11 randomised controlled trials involving 855 participants. Nine of the studies used postural restrictions as part of the treatment of BPPV. A total of nine of these 11 trials used the addition of postural restriction to the Epley approach. There was no evidence of a change in the results for post-treatment vertigo intensity or for subjective assessment of improvement in the outcome of the trial. There were no data on the effect of the use of mastoid oscillation, or of an 'augmented' 'Epley' approach. No adverse effects were found. There is some evidence that the treatment with postural limitations can be more helpful than the treatment alone. The review found that patients who have a neck collar or who have discomfort due to wearing a head collar and sleep upright may be treated with the 'eclapsing' manoeuvre of the neck, and still be cured in most instances.
We identified four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 231 adults with rhinitis with nasal polyps. The four trials were of low or very low quality. The studies compared three types of surgery versus each other. One trial was of endoscopy, the other two were of polypectomy, which is a type of sinus surgery. One of the studies was of topical steroids and one was of antibiotics. There were three comparisons between the three groups: (1) endoscopies versus steroids (one study), (2) polypectoms (two studies) and (3) ESS plus steroids plus antibiotics plus high-dose topical steroid (one trial). All of the patients in each of the four trials had topical steroids, but doses and types were the same between the two groups. In one of the trials, the treatment arm had a higher dose than the surgical arm. In the other, the surgical group had a lower dose. There was no clear difference between the groups in terms of patient-reported symptom and quality of life scores. The quality of this review is very low or low. The evidence does not show that one type of surgery is better or worse than the other. There is a need for more research in this area. Complications Complication rates were not reported in all studies, but rates of up to 21% for treatment and 14.3% for surgical treatment are described. Epistaxis was the most common adverse event with both surgical and surgery, with severe adverse events rare. None of the included studies reported recurrence rates. The overall.
We found eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 709 participants. Seven were from middle-income countries of Asia, Africa, Europe, and Latin America, and seven were from low- and middle income countries. Four trials compared the use of zinc-fortified foods with unfortified food, and four did not. Four of the eight trials compared foods with zinc plus other nutrients/factors with the same foods with other nutrients or factors but no zinc. The trials lasted between one and nine months. We classified most trials as at low risk of bias. We found that adding zinc to foods may make little or no change to the levels of zinc in the blood. We did not find a difference in serum or blood zinc levels in people with zinc and other micronutins compared with those with zinc alone. We also found that people with and without zinc were at similar risk of low birthweight and low birth weight. No trial in comparison 1 looked at the effect of adding foods to foods. There was no data on the effects of adding iron or copper to foods or on the risk of underweight or stunting (low- or very low-risk of both). There were no studies that looked at adverse effects of foods with or without zinc. We judged the evidence to be of low quality.
We found 11 studies involving 3060 men with metastatic prostate cancer. Eleven studies compared non-steroidal anti-drugs with surgery or surgery alone. The evidence is up-to-date as of 12 July 2018. The studies were of moderate to high risk of bias, which means that the results may not be valid. We found that men with advanced prostate cancer treated with non-antibodies were less likely to die from prostate cancer at one year, 70 weeks, or two years, compared with men who received surgery alone or surgery plus surgery. We also found that use of non-ants was less effective in terms of overall survival, progression of prostate cancer and treatment failure due to adverse events. The risk of other adverse events, such as breast pain, gynaecomastia and hot flashes, and haemorrhage, was also increased when men with prostate cancer were used to non-answers. We judged the quality of evidence for survival, treatment failure and side effects to be moderate according to GRADE.
We found eight randomised trials that met our inclusion criteria. The trials included 600,000 women in the analyses in the age range of 39 to 74 years. We found that screening did not reduce the risk of death from any cause. We also found that breast cancer mortality was not affected by the screening. The risk of breast cancer death was 15% and there was a 30% risk of bias in favour of screening. There was no difference between the screened groups in the use of surgery, radiotherapy, or chemotherapy. However, we found that there were more women who had surgery and mastectomies than those who did not. There were also more people who had cancer that had spread to the breast. We concluded that there was little or no effect of the screening on death from all cause or on all-cause deaths. The number of women who underwent surgery and surgery on the tumour was increased in the screened group, as were the amount of breast cancers that were detected. There is a need to be more research in this area. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2015.
We found four studies, with a total of 522 women, that assessed the effects of hCG priming in IVM. One of these studies did not report the outcomes per woman, and so was not included in the formal review. Three of the four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) compared 10,000 units hCG to no priming. One RCT compared 20,000 to 10,00 units of priming, and the other RCT (N = 282) did not. Three studies only included women with PCOS, while this was an exclusion factor in the fourth study. We rated all four RCTs as at low risk of bias. The quality of the evidence was low, the main weakness being lack of blinding and imprecision. We found no evidence that priming had an effect on the live birth, pregnancy, or miscarriage rates. There was low evidence that hCG may reduce the number of women who had a baby, but we could not be sure of this due to the lack of data. There were no data on side effects (other than miscarriage) or on drug reactions. We need more trials that are well-conducted before we can be certain about the role of this intervention.
This review found that both ERT and HRT do not seem to prevent cognitive loss in older postmenopausal women when given as short term or long term (up to five years) treatment. It is not known whether ERT or HRT have an effect in subgroups of women, although there was some good evidence that HRT may be helpful in some groups of older women.
We found two studies with 880 people with COPD. Both studies used the same combination of fluticasone furoate and vilanterol 100/25 mcg once daily versus LAMA (18 mcg tiotropium). Both studies lasted 12 weeks. We found that both studies were at low risk of bias, which means that they were well conducted and reported. Both of the studies were published as full articles, and neither of them had a high risk of being biased. We are not able to draw conclusions about the effect of ICS/LABA in terms of effect on death from COPD, COPD exacerbation, and COPD lung injury. However, we found that we are uncertain whether once-a-day ICS and LAMA, in one inhaler, is better or worse than LAMA. We also found that there was no difference in effect between ICS or LABA for other measures of COPD symptoms, such as the COPD stress test (COPD symptom score) nor for the change in the mean amount of air in the lung (FEV). We rated the quality of evidence for all of the results as very low or low. This was due to the small number of people in both of the trials and the short follow-up (12 weeks).
We found four short-term trials that met the inclusion criteria for this review. These four trials included a total of 169 adults with BDD. The trials compared the use of antidepressants and psychosocial therapies (such as CBT and SSRI) with placebo (sugar pill) or with no treatment. The results from one trial of fluoxetine (a drug that has been shown to reduce BDD symptoms) showed that it may be effective in the short term in treating BDD patients. Symptom severity was reduced in the RCTs of the two antidepressants, clomipramine (an SSRI), and diazepamide, as well as in the two CBT trials. A low relapse rate (4/22) was found in one study of CBT. The findings of these studies need to be replicated. In the absence of high-quality trials, the findings of this review should be viewed with caution.
We found three randomised controlled trials that examined cotrimoxazole for the prophylactic treatment of HIV/AIDS. These three trials, which involved 268 adults, showed that desensitizing the body to the drug can reduce the risk of stopping treatment of the drug. However, these studies were small and the results were not conclusive. We found that the treatment for HIV-infected adults with a prior history of a mild or moderate adverse reaction to the drugs may be better than the rechallenge treatment. More trials are needed to confirm these results.
We identified three randomised controlled trials involving 148 neonates. We found no new trials for this update. The evidence is up-to-date as of 26 November 2016. The three trials enrolled 148 neonate and used a range of sedation scales. The trials used a sedation scale that is not known to be valid in preterm babies. The studies used a number of sedative drugs (including midazolam, morphine and dextrose) and used different sedation measures. The duration of time spent in the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) was longer in the midazoline infusion group than in the placebo group. One of the studies (43 infants) showed that babies who received midazoledolam had a lower pain profile and a higher risk of adverse events at 28 days' postnatal age compared with those who received morphine. The other study (46 babies) showed a greater risk of side effects (death, grade III or IV IVH or PVL) in the group that received the sedation drug compared with the morphine group. We considered these trials to be of moderate quality. We judged the quality of the evidence to be moderate based on mortality, length of time in the NICU, adequacy of analgesia according to PIPP scores and adverse events by 28 days of age. The results of this review are based on data from three small randomised, low- or very low-certainty, randomised trials. Therefore, we could not be sure about the effect of this drug on the outcomes.
Twelve trials involving 767 participants were included in this review. No differences were detected in the number of people who had diarrhoea at the first week of the trial. There was no evidence of a difference in the amount of time that people with dyskine dyskinesia had to spend in hospital. There were more cases of the same Salmonella serovar one month after treatment, which was more than twice as likely in the group of patients who were treated with antibiotics. A higher rate of side effects was noted in the people who were given antibiotics. We are not sure of the effects in very young people, very old people, and in people with severe and extraintal diseases.
We found 23 studies (n = 4192 adults) that assessed the accuracy of IL-6 for the treatment of sepsis in adults. The studies were heterogeneous in terms of the age, gender, main diagnosis, setting, and country. Twenty of the 23 studies that were assessed as studies awaiting publication have not yet been published. The 21 studies, 3650 adult patients, showed a great dispersion in the number of people who were correctly or wrongly classified as sepsic. We found that if we test 1000 adult adults who are suspected to have sepsi with a blood test, we will find that 330 people would be given an appropriate dose of antibiotics and 130 would be wrongly diagnosed, and 370 out of 1000 patients would avoid the need for these drugs. In addition, 170 patients would have been undiagnosed. The 20 studies that are still waiting to be published may change the conclusions of the review once they are published and assessed. We considered all studies to be at high risk of bias due to the type of blood test used in the studies.
We found 29 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 5718 participants. The studies were small, with a low number of participants, and most were at high risk of bias. There were 16 trials that compared wound dressing with no wound dressing, five trials that looked at people with wounds that were 'clean' or 'contaminated', and the other 25 that compared dressing with other types of wound dressing. Four of the 29 trials looked at wound dressers with no dressing, and the remaining 25 looked at dressers that were either no dressers, film dressers or silver dressers. We found that there was very low or very low- or low-certainty data on the risk of SSI, and we could not be sure whether any type of wound dresser was better or worse than the others. There was limited and low-or very low certainty of the results of the review. The review found that it is not clear whether wound exposure or any dresser is more or less effective than other ways of treating wounds, such as no wound dressing, film dressing, silver dressing or hydrocolloid dressing. It is also unclear whether wound dressing is better than others, or whether one wound dressing type is more than others. Most studies in this review were small and at a high or low risk for bias, so we cannot be sure of the findings.
We found one randomised controlled trial (n = 179) that compared oral 100 microgram (µg) selenium, DHA or EPA with a placebo (sugar tablet) or with no intervention. The other trial (N = 85) found no clear evidence that any of the three supplements had an effect on reducing postpartum depression. There was a high risk of attrition bias (loss to the study) due to a large number of women withdrawing from the study or not completing an EPDS. This trial did not report on any outcomes of this review. The study did not find that any supplements were better than placebo in reducing the risk of post-partum stress and anxiety. However, there was a lack of data on the effect of supplements on the self-report self-assessment of postnatal stress. There were no trials that looked at the long-term effects of the supplements. There is not enough data to be able to conclude that supplements or EPA or EPA-rich fish oil or DHA prevent postnatal stress.
We identified 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 557 participants. Seven studies were RCTs that evaluated different anthracycline dose durations; we found long-term data for one of the trials in this update. We found that people who had a dose of less than 60 mg/m2 per day were less likely to have heart failure, and those who had one dose per day or more were less prone to heart failure. We did not find a clear difference in the rate of heart failure in people treated with a dose or dose of doxorubicin, and we could not be sure about the risk of heart damage. The studies were of low or unclear risk of bias, which means that we cannot be certain about the results. We could not tell whether different doses of this drug are harmful to the heart. We need more high-quality, high-risk-of-bias research, both in adults and in leukaemias and soft tumours.
We found 37 studies with a total of 3110 participants. Nine of these were new studies since the last update (2009) and five were re-assessed and included in the 2017 update. We identified two studies from searches of clinical trial registries and a search of databases. Studies included both adults and children with TBI. Thirty-three studies reported data for death, 31 studies for unfavourable outcome (death, death, coma, or severe disability), and 14 for pneumonia. We did not combine the results of these studies. We considered the effect of hypothermia on death, death or death, and we found no high- or very low-risk of bias in the trials. There was a lack of high- and low-quality data on mortality and death, so we were unable to pool these results. We found that there was a lot of variation in the design of the trials, which meant that we could not be sure of the results. However, we found that all studies were well-conducted and well-run. We rated the quality of the evidence for each outcome as very low.
We identified three high- and three low-quality studies, involving 519 people with depression, that looked at this question. The studies were very heterogeneous in terms of types of therapy, people, and measures used. Despite some good results from some studies, we could not draw any conclusions on the overall effect of this form of therapy. At this point, use of psychosocial treatment for the treatment of depression, for which there is an evidence-base, would seem to be better than the use of family therapy.
We found three randomised controlled trials involving 206 people with a total of 206 participants. All three trials were assessed as being at high risk of bias. When analysing these trials, we found that Duxil improved the cognitive function of all patients. There were no data on behaviour and death at the end of the treatment and the follow-up period. Two of the three trials failed to show an effect on the outcome of the review. Of the three studies, all described the adverse events in detail. There was no difference in the number of adverse events across the trials. Due to the low number of studies, small number of patients and the low quality of the trials, this review did not provide enough evidence to support the use of this drug in the routine use of people with dementia. High- and large-scale trials are needed to confirm or refute these results.
We identified seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) including 960 patients. The trials were generally of low quality, with several studies at risk of bias, and no studies used blinding. There was a high level of risk of selection bias, which makes the results less reliable. The results of the review show that drainage of lymph nodes after an axillary lymphadenectomy can reduce the risk of a new lymphoma (seroma) and the need for further surgery. The drain does not seem to increase the number of patients who have to go back to hospital. There is some evidence that drains may reduce the chance of having a new blood clot in the lymph nodes, but this should be balanced with an increase in length of time spent in hospital.
Eight studies with 390,769 participants were included. Five studies used a prospective cohort design, two used a case-control study and one was a randomised trial. The evidence for Isoflavones, Flavonols, Flavones and Flavanones was mixed. The results form the five studies assessing the effects of these drugs on colorectal cancer and adenomas were conflicting. For Flavan-3-ols, the evidence for the results from two of the eight studies suggested that increased intake of Flavan 3-ols may reduce the risk of both CRC and coloroma. There was no evidence that high anthocyanin or flavonoid intake had an effect on the incidence of coloromies. There is insufficient and conflicting data to be sure that flavonoids have a role in the prevention of colorectional neoplasms. Therefore, more research is needed to clarify the effect of these medicines on the risk and incidence of these cancers.
We found seven trials with 1369 participants. Five of the trials used our first definition of slow responders, and three other trials (three of which used both definitions) used the second. None of the included trials mentioned our main outcomes. However, we found that extending the treatment time from 48 weeks to 72 weeks in HCV genotype 1 and HCV RNA was found to be effective in patients with HCV in whom HCV was still detected in the blood, but the HCV virus was no longer detected after 24 weeks of treatment, and in those who had HCV DNA in their blood after four weeks. The length of treatment did not seem to have an impact on the number of people who relapsed. The number of patients who had a relapse was lower in the groups that had been treated for 72 weeks, and the risk of relapsed was similar in both groups. There was no data on death or side effects, so we could not be sure about the effects of this intervention. The quality of the studies was low, and all had high risk of bias. Therefore, we judged the results of this review to be at a high risk.
We found two studies (with a total of 34 patients) comparing EUS with surgery. Both studies evaluated the accuracy of EUS in assessing the resectation of cancer after CT scan. Both of the studies were small and there was a high risk of bias in one of them and unclear or high risk in the other. There was low confidence in the results of both of the two studies. The mean risk of unresectable cancer was 60.5% in both studies. This means that 61 out of 100 patients who had cancer on CT scan had cancer after EUS. At the mean pre-test and post-test rates, 86.9% (95% confidence interval (CI) 86.0% to 96.6%) and 20.0%, 95% CI 5% to 53%, and 20% CI 3% to 39%) of people with a positive EUS had potentially resectable cancer and 10% CI 0% to 20% of the patients with a negative EUS (EUS indicating unresectability) had cancer. Based on these results, there is no evidence to suggest that EUS should be performed routinely in people with pancreatic cancer or periampullary cancer found to have cancer on scan.
We found 34 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that included a total of 2169 people with blepharitis. These 34 RCTs included 20 studies (14 trials and 6 CCTs), comprising 1661 people with either blephariae, and 14 (12 trials and 1 CCT) with 508 people with MGD. Most of the studies were small and of poor quality. Topical antibiotics were shown to be effective in cleansing the eyelid margin of the eyelids. Lid hygiene may provide symptomatic relief for both blepharyngitis in the eye. The effectiveness of other treatments, such as topical steroids and antibiotics, were unclear. There was no strong evidence for the use of these treatments in terms of curing blepharias. The use of topical or oral antibiotics is not known to be an option for all blepharis. More research is needed to evaluate the effects of such treatments.
We found one trial with a total of 23 participants. This study was at high risk of bias. None of our primary outcomes and only one of our secondary outcomes (reduction in volume of disease, which is assessed endoscopically) was assessed. There was no clear evidence from this trial to show that photodynamic therapy changed the course of RRP. Adverse effects reported by one of the 23 patients included airway swelling, requiring an intubation, in a child with RRP a few hours after the start of treatment. There is a need for high- and long-term follow-up of trials to assess the effects of this treatment.
We identified 42 studies with 4220 participants. Twenty-two of the 42 studies evaluated the accuracy of CDUS and 22 of the studies assessed CE-CDUS. The studies were generally of moderate to low quality: only three studies were of high or high quality, and most of them were of low or low or very low/very low/moderate or low/low/moderate quality. In general, the studies were not of high quality. We found that CDUS is more accurate than CDUS in terms of the number of participants and the amount of time it takes for the test to return a false negative test. We also found that both CDUS (with or without the use of contrast) and CE- CDUS are more accurate in the detection of endoleaks. In an endoleak, CDUS can be used as a routine method of diagnosis, followed by CT scan, when the scan is positive. This means that both types of CT scan can be performed. This review shows that both CT and CDUS appear to be more accurate at the diagnosis of endoles. However, the CDUS studies were published in 2006 or later, and so we judged them to be of low quality.
We found seven studies, with a total of 766 participants, that looked at the use of sterile water for pain in labour. Four used injections, two subcutaneous, and one both. The studies were of good quality, but four were at high risk of bias due to the small size of treatment groups, incomplete outcomes, and the small number of women in the study. All of the women were pregnant and had low back pain only. We found that women who had sterile water (50% to 60%) had more pain relief in labour than those who had saline (20% to 25%). There was no difference in the rate of caesarean section or other outcomes, such as the need for a forceps or forceps-like device, or the amount of pain relief. No study looked at women's satisfaction with pain relief, or their sense of control in labour, or rates of adverse events. No adverse events were found other than short-term pain with saline, which was worse with the sterile water. The results of this review suggest that there is not strong evidence that sterile water is effective for low back or any other pain pain. Neither did we find that there was any difference in birth or labour outcomes. The quality of the studies was good, but some were small, and some were of poor or very small size.
Twelve studies with a total of 1932 participants were included. The studies compared the use of glue with suture for mesh fixation in Lichtenstein hernia repair. Ten studies compared glue with the suture group. The other 10 compared the glue group with a group of people who did not have suture. We found that glue may reduce chronic pain and the rate of hernia reoccurrence in both groups. However, the results changed when we compared the type of mesh. We also found that the reduction of pain was less pronounced in the group that had a suture, and that the number of herniations was the same in both the groups. The length of time taken for the hernia to heal was similar in the glue and suture groups. There was no difference between the two groups in terms of the time spent in the hospital, length of stay, haematoma (swelling of the wound), and the amount of fluid in the wound. We did not find any evidence that glue was better than suture or that it was more expensive than sutures. The quality of the evidence was low to low. The risk of bias of all the trials was high or very low, which means that the results may not be valid.
We found 32 randomised controlled trials and 66 surveys of accuracy. A 'package' of changes in the time from the time of acceptance to publication was found to improve the reading of some of the studies. A combination of these changes was shown to have an effect on the quality of the papers. The 'package of changes' was also found to have some effect on their readability. The review found that there is some evidence that the 'package', which involves a package of changes to the way in which the papers are written, has an impact on the way that they are written. There is no evidence that it has an adverse effect on other aspects of the work. However, there is a lack of data on the effects of this approach.
We found 15 studies including 721 adults with cancer pain due to a range of types of cancer. There were no data for children. All 15 studies were performed on adults; there were no studies on children. Twelve studies used codeine alone and three combined it with paracetamol. Ten included a placebo arm, and 14 used one or more of the 16 different drugs used to treat cancer pain. Ten of the 15 trials were of high risk of bias, but all except for one were judged to be at a high risk. This was mainly because of small study size, and six because of methods used to deal with lost data or high dropout rates. Most of the studies used a single dose of codeine, while five used a treatment time of one, six, or 21 days. Most people in the 15 studies had pain of at least 50% with codeine or codeine plus a placebo, but some had pain that was no worse than mild pain. Eleven of 15 studies reported pain intensity or pain relief. Overall for these outcome measures, codeine was more effective than a placebo. Adverse events such as nausea, vomiting, and pain in people who took codeine were common, with somnolence (sleepiness) and dizziness frequent in the 21-day study. The risk of death was low in all but one study. We found that most of the trials were small, of short length, and most had some shortcomings in the way they were done. The studies were of low quality.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials (11 randomized controlled trials and one quasi-randomized trial) of 563 people with HbSS, HbSC or HbSβthal, aged six to 35 years old, who were mostly African-American. Interventions ranged from one hour to weekly sessions for eight weeks. The average age of the people in the 12 trials ranged from 45 years to 74 years. The trials were conducted in the USA, the UK, the Netherlands, the USA and the Netherlands. The overall risk of bias was low for selective reporting, unclear for allocation concealment, blinding of participants and blinding of outcome assessment. Incomplete outcome reporting and blindness of personnel showed mixed bias. There was evidence that educational programs improved patient knowledge of sickle cell disease and depression in four trials (160 participants) with moderate to substantial heterogeneity. The effect on knowledge was sustained at longer follow-up periods, whereas the effect on caregiver knowledge was not sustained. There were no differences between the intervention and control groups on the recognition of signs and symptoms of disease-related morbidity. No comparative data were found for patients or caregivers (or both) recognising signs and pain and symptoms leading to self-management. Data from two trials were analysed for the use of health services and showed no evidence of an effect. With regard to the review's secondary outcomes, depression showed a significant decline in the intervention groups. Adherence to treatment was not assessed in any of the identified trials. No effects of interventions were seen on coping, family relationships or health-related quality of life of patients. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high for patient knowledge and low for caregivers' knowledge. This means that we are uncertain about the results of this review and that further research is likely to have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect and may change the results.
We found six randomised controlled studies (RCTs) with 2411 adults. All six included adult participants aged 16 and 80 years old, and treatment periods ranged from 7 to 16 weeks. Only one study included adults with both types of seizures, and the other five RCTs involved adults with focal seizures. The studies were of short duration, and all of them were of a short duration. All of the people in the studies were adults, and only one of the six studies was of high risk of bias. We judged two studies to be at low risk and four to have unclear risk. One of the studies did not mention how it was done, and one did not report all of the results of the RCT. One study did not describe how blinding was maintained, and two of the five studies noted discrepancies in reporting. We found that when used as an add-on treatment for people with epilepsy, brivaracetam, when used alone, is effective in reducing seizures and can help people to achieve seizure freedom. The risk of withdrawal from treatment due to side effects, as well as the rate of people experiencing one or more side events, was not different in the six trials. However, the risk of people withdrawing from the study due to adverse events was more than in the five trials that did not provide this information. We rated the quality of the evidence as low because of the small number of people in each of the trials, and we judged the evidence to be of low quality.
We found 38 studies, mostly from high-income countries, many of which explored mothers' views of the way health care providers and health workers and health care professionals gave them information about vaccines. Some of the studies focused on the MMR (measles, mumps, rubella) vaccine. In general, we found that parents wanted more information than they were getting (high confidence). We found that some parents felt that they had little or no choice about vaccination. Lack of information led to a lack of confidence in the choice of whether or not to vaccinate. Parents also felt that some health care workers were not as good as others, and that some of them were less trustworthy. We have high or very low or moderate confidence in some of the results. The amount of information parents wanted and the sources they felt could be trusted may be linked to their acceptance of the vaccine (high or low or low confidence).
We identified 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 599 anorexia nervosa people. Seven had been identified in the review and we now include three new RCTs in this update. We now deem one RCT to be in progress and six new trials are new for this review. The 10 trials tested a range of psychosocial therapies, and all of them were of poor quality. Most of the studies were small, with a low or very low risk of bias, which means that we can draw no clear conclusions about the effects of these treatments. There was a small amount of data from one of the 10 trials, and the results suggest that when given by a non-eating-disorder specialist, such as a therapist with no training in an eating disorder, it may be less effective than treatment as-usual therapy. This was found in one small trial. There were no clear differences in the dropout rates between the groups of people who received these treatments and those who did not, but this was based on just one trial. When we looked at the results of two trials, we found that there was no evidence that one specific treatment was better than any other. There is a suggestion in one trial that the non-treatment-based approach of focal psychotherapy might be better than TAU, but again this is based on one study. The results of this review are based on a small number of studies, and so we cannot be sure of these results.
We found three randomised clinical trials (RCTs) that included 516 participants from three RCTs. One of the studies was conducted in the USA, and the other included 271 adults. The first trial randomized 151 adults to receive silicone oil or sulfur hexafluoride (SF6) gas tamponades; and the second was a multi-centre study. The third trial was a trial that included 94 adults (age range not stated) and randomized 271 adults to the use of perfluropropane gas or silicone oil, or both, in the treatment of RD with PVR. All three studies were funded by the German Research Foundation. The two studies were at low risk of bias, and all three were free of bias. There were no clear differences in the change in visual acuity at one year, but there was some evidence that silicone oil was not shown to be better than silicone oil. In the third trial, which had a high risk of being biased, there was no clear evidence that any of the three drugs were better than the other two. The choice of a tamponade was not clear, and there was not enough data to be sure of this. The results of the first two trials did not report on adverse events, so we do not know if these drugs are better or worse than others in terms of side effects. The use of two drugs, perfluorohexyloctane (F6H8) and silicone oil (both of which are not known to be safe) was not found to be similar to the other drugs. The other drugs, perflurpropropane (C3F8), perfluoropropane, and sulfonade gas were similar to each other. None of the trials used a masking method, and only the third was able to masking of patients and surgeons, so it is not clear which drug is the best to use. The evidence is up to date
We found five randomised controlled trials (involving a total of 1819 women) that assessed the effects of planned early birth after 34 weeks of labour. There was a lower risk of death of the mother and the baby in these five trials. However, there was no clear effect on the risk of dying of the baby. There were no clear effects on the number of women who had a caesarean section or on the length of time the baby was in the NICU. There is no clear difference between groups in terms of complications for the mother or the babies. There are no clear differences between groups for caesaran section, duration of time spent in hospital or in the time the mother spent in the ICU after birth. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2018. The five trials were well-conducted and well-reported. The quality of the evidence was high or moderate for all of the outcomes. The studies were well conducted and well conducted.
We found six randomised controlled trials (including 142 patients) that met our inclusion criteria. Two of the studies compared three-times a-week prophylaxis with on-demand treatment in children with hemophilia A. The other three studies were observational controlled, which means that we were not able to pool the results. Three of the remaining four studies evaluated hemophiliac A; one showed a decrease in the number of joint bleeds per year in patients on pre-prophylactic clotting factor concentrates. The fourth study looked at hemophile B and showed fewer joint bleed per year with a weekly (15 IU/kg) versus bi-weekly (7.5 IU per week) dose. There was no evidence that one treatment was more effective than the other in terms of the amount of bleeding. There were no differences in the rate of adverse events between the groups. There is strong data from randomised trials to support the use of pre-protocols to prevent joint loss in children and adults with high-risk hemophillitis who have low platelets in the blood.
We found 13 randomised trials that met the inclusion criteria for this review. In total, 13 trials involving 1824 participants met the criteria for the review. We were able to pool data from 10 of the 13 trials (732 people) but we could not pool the results due to differences in the treatment groups. Eight of the studies aimed to induce remission, five aimed to maintain remission, and five to prevent relapse. In 10 out of 13 trials, participants were assigned to a group of people who did or did not receive the treatment. In two of three of the 10 trials, people in the control group were still alive. However, in two out of three trials, this was large but the difference between treatment groups was not large enough to be meaningful. We found that more patients in the studies were treated with a less aggressive approach. This review shows that there is a trend in more recent trials for less and less aggressive care for treating people with BL. This is based on data from one new trial. The trials were small, small and of poor quality. We could not be sure of the effects of less and more aggressive approaches to treatment of BL due to the lack of data. We included one new study in this update.
The review found that both types of anti-D injections are equally effective. The choice of IM or IV injections will depend on the dose to be given and the choice of the dose, the dose and the patient's preference. There was no evidence of RhD alloimmunizing in either of the studies, as the sample size was not large enough to be able to assess whether there are any important differences between the two types of injections.
Eight studies with a total of 21,379 patients with diabetes mellitus were included. The mean duration of the trials ranged from 365 days to 913 days. Five of the studies compared clopidogrel to aspirin or a combination of aspirin and dipyridamole, or to aspirin plus aspirin, or aspirin plus a drug called ticlopidine. The other three studies compared ticopidine to a placebo (fake drug) or aspirin and aspirin alone. Data for all-cause deaths, vascular deaths and myocardial infarction were reported for one trial (355 patients). This trial did not show any difference in the risk of death from any cause, death from heart disease or death from a heart-related cause. The studies did not report data for death from vascular or heart-like causes. The results of three studies showed that ADP receptor agonists did not reduce the rate of stroke in patients with and without diabetes. There were no data from the trials on the effect of ADP receptors on death from other causes. There was no data available from the studies on death due to heart disease, stroke, heart disease in the blood, health-related death, side effects or costs. There is a need for more high-quality randomised trials with patients with or without diabetes to be conducted to provide a more robust data base to guide the management of CVD in this group of patients. The evidence is up to date as of July 2014.
Ten trials met the inclusion criteria with a total of 191 participants. Seven of the trials evaluated a two-week or three-month treatment programme, one assessed a six-week programme and one a three- month programme. Seven trials used nasal masks, one used a nasal mask or mouthpiece and one trial used a face mask and in one trial it is not clear whether the face mask was used. Six of the 10 trials (151 participants) evaluated non-invasive ventilation for airway clearance compared with an alternative physiotherapy method such as the active cycle of breathing techniques or positive expiratory pressure. Three of the studies (27 participants) assessed non- invasions for overnight ventilatory support compared to oxygen or room air using nasal masks (two trials) and nasal masks or full face masks (one trial). The other three studies (13 participants) did not report on any of the review's primary outcomes. The results of six of the ten studies (151 patients) showed that airway clear-up may be easier with the use of non-inspiration and that some people with cystic fibrosis may prefer it. We were unable to find any evidence that non-implantation improves sputum expectation, but it does improve some lung function and gas exchange in the airway. Three trials (27 patients) reported on quality of life and symptoms of sleep-disordered breathing and found that they measured lung function, gas exchange, adherence to treatment and preference, and nocturnal transcutaneous (transcutaneous) carbon dioxide levels in the blood gas exchange. One study (13 patients) found no clear differences between non-ispiration and room air for any of our main outcomes. One of the included trials (13 people) reported no clear difference in the results of the RevMan and did not find any clear differences in the two groups of patients. Three studies (10 patients) assessed the effect of non invasion on adverse events
This update of the systematic review on nocturnal-NIPPV in COPD (Wijkstra 2002) has led to three new studies, leading to a total of 7 studies on 245 people. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2014. The seven studies were small and of low or very low risk of bias, which means that we cannot be sure about the results. We found that NIPPV at home for at least three months in hypercapnic patients with stable COPD did not have a clear effect on the amount of gas in the blood or on the quality of life of the patients. We could not be sure whether this was due to the fact that there were so few people in the studies and that most of the studies were of low quality.
We found four randomised controlled trials, with 1190 women and staff, that assessed the effects of the intervention. It was not clear whether induction of labour for babies with low birthweight or high birthweight was better or worse than control. There was no clear effect on the rate of caesarean section, or on the risk of haemodialysis, asphyxia, or low five-minute infant Apgar (less than seven) or low blood flow to the brain. Induction of labour did not seem to change the risk for the baby’s head (brachial plexus) or the chance of birth fractures, but there was a slight decrease in the risk. There were no clear differences between groups for the risk that babies’ head was in the way of the womb, or for the number of babies who had a low birth birthweight. Induced labour does not appear to affect the rate that babies have to be born, and does not change the chance that their head is in the right place. The risk of perineal tears was increased in one of the four trials, and there was no evidence that it was more or less likely in the control group. The trials did not have a high risk of bias, so we judged the evidence to be at low or low risks of bias. The studies were small, and so we could not be sure of the results. We rated the quality of the evidence as low or very low.
We identified 159 randomised clinical trials with 95,286 participants. The age of participants ranged from 18 to 107 years. The mean proportion of women was 77%. Forty-eight of these trials (94,491 healthy people) were conducted in high-income countries. Forty-five of the 56 randomised trials (80%) reported the baseline vitamin D status of participants, based on serum 25-hydroxyl (vitamin D) levels. Of these, four trials (four studies) included healthy adults, nine trials (nine women) included postmenopausal women, and 35 trials (35 people) included people living on their own or in hospital. Vitamin D was given for 4.4 years. Most of the people in the 56 trials were women. More than half of the trials had a low risk of bias, which means that there is a low chance of bias. Ninety-four trials (95,286 people) had no deaths. Nine trials (931 people) did not report in which intervention group the death occurred. The remaining eight trials (795 people) assessed the effect of vitamin D on mortality. The risk of death was increased or decreased in all 56 trials analysed together (5,920/47,472 (12.5%) vs 6,077/47-814 (12%). More than 8% of people dropped out of the studies. The average age of people in 26 trials (26 people) was less than 20 ng/mL at the time of entry to the study, and more than 1 in 10 (17%) of the 26 people had low levels of Vitamin D at the start of the study. The number of deaths was also increased in the 26 trials. We did not find any evidence that any of the three forms of the vitamin D, alfacalcidol and calcitriol, did not affect mortality. A subgroup of trials (4 trials) at high risk of biases (i.e
This is an overview of the literature on drugs for weight loss in people with type 2 diabetes. We found that fluoxetine, sibutramine, and orlistat can be used to treat type 2 diabetes. The effects of these drugs on weight loss are modest, and the long-term health benefits are unclear. There is a paucity of data on other drugs to treat weight loss.
We found five randomised studies that met our criteria for this review. A total of 734 participants were included in the five studies. We assessed only one study as good quality and the other four as poor. However, it was difficult to perform a meta-analyse by combining the results of the studies as we had planned, mainly due to not all of the five trials reported the same results as those we were looking for. We found that VGB and CBZ did not differ in terms of time to the first seizure and time to achieve remission from seizures, but VGB was more likely to gain weight and to have skin rash and drowsiness than CBZ. There was no difference in the risk of visual field defects and visual disturbances. We judged all five of the trials to be of low or very low quality. Therefore, VGB should not be the first choice as a first-line treatment for epilepsy.
We identified four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that met our inclusion criteria. Two of these studies closed early due to a lack of numbers of patients. The remaining two RCTs evaluated 600 patients with multiple myeloma and non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. In both of these trials, the patients received G-CSF plus plerixafor and the control group received a sham treatment (pretend treatment). In both studies the patients were assigned to a group of people who received plersafor or a sham group that did not. The studies did not have a high risk of bias. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2015. The results of the meta-analysis showed that the plersasone (plerix afor) group had a greater amount of stem cell and platelet transfusion during stem cell mobilisation and collection than the sham group. There was no evidence that plersales were more likely to die or to have a transplant. The two studies included in the review were conducted by the Genzyme Corporation and both of which were published several times. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high, which means that we are very satisfied with the results. The trials did not report on the effects of the treatment on the time to neutrophil or platelet engraftment in transplants. None of the trials reported on the effect of plersays on the length of time that the transplants took place or the time that patients had to be in hospital. There were no data on quality of life and progression-free survival.
We found 23 randomised controlled trials involving 1806 women, of whom 717 had cones. Seven trials were published only as abstracts. All of the trials were small, and all of the quality was hard to judge. Cones were better than no treatment, and may be as good as PFMT or electrostimulation, but there was not much evidence to show that cones plus PFMT was any better than PFMT alone, or PFMT and PFMT combined. There was not enough data to show whether the use of cones with PFMT is better or worse than the PFMT plus femoral stimulation. Only seven trials used a measure of women’s quality of life, and no study looked at the impact of the treatment on the cost. This review found some good-quality, low-risk, small trials that used a range of outcomes, so we are not sure of the results. This means that cones could be one treatment option, if women with SUI find them to be acceptable.
We found eleven randomised controlled trials with a total of 2246 AF patients. The trials were of low quality. Studies were small and of low to very low or very low-quality, which means that we cannot be sure about the results. The review found that there is not enough evidence to draw definitive conclusions on the impact of interventions on TTR in AF patients who have OAT. Thus, more trials are needed to examine the effects of these interventions on anticoagulation control in AF and the ways by which they are successful.
Seventy randomised controlled trials (11,487 women) are included. In this update, seven new RCTs (778 women) have been added. Two of these new trials compare prostaglandin E2 with no treatment, four compare different PGE2 forms (gels and pessaries) and one compared PGF2 a with placebo. Prostaglandins, tablets, gels and (including) pessary forms appear to be as good as each other, any differences in effect are marginal but may be important.
The review of five randomised controlled trials found that cot-nursing in a room with a heat-filled mattress was as good as incubator care in terms of infant growth and weight gain. There was no difference in the amount of breast feed or death in either group. There were no differences between the two groups in the number of infants who were breast fed or died on the way home from hospital. The review found that the use of a bed that was heated with a hot water-filled bed mattress was better than the care that was provided in the incubator room.
We found three studies, involving 146 participants, that compared the open or closed surgery. Two of the three studies were assessed as being at high risk of bias. The main finding of the review was that the open and closed surgery may be as good as each other at the removal of the teeth from the palate. One of the studies found that both techniques may be equally good at the process. One surgical failure was due to the loss of the gold chain. One study did not find any evidence that one technique was better than the other. We were not able to pool data for dental hygiene, pain and pain, periodontal health and the time taken for the teeth to heal. This means that we cannot be sure of these findings. We need more studies that are of high-risk of bias, which is why we rated the evidence as low quality. Three studies are ongoing and it is hoped that these will produce data that can be pooled to help us be more certain of these results.
We found three randomised studies, involving 244 women. The prostaglandins used were PG E2 and PG E1 analogues at a dose of 250 mcg and 800 mcg, respectively. The studies were considered to be at high risk of bias, which means that they may have been influenced by the way they were conducted. The evidence is up-to-date as of 26 November 2015. The three studies were of poor quality and there is little confidence in the effect estimates; the true effect is likely to be substantially different. The use of prostaglands resulted in less need for manual removal of placenta, severe postpartum haemorrhage and blood transfusion but none of the differences reached statistical significance. The women who received prostaglanins were not more or less likely to have side-effects (vomiting, headache, pain and nausea) than those who did not (shivering). We did not find any data for the main outcomes of maternal mortality and the need to add another therapeutic uterotonic. The quality of the three studies was very low and there was a lack of high-quality evidence. The results of the studies were not of high quality and we could not be sure whether the women knew which group they were in.
We found six studies involving 355 infants - two using CPAP, two CNP, one nasal CPAP and one both CNP and CPAP. For this update, we included no new trials. We found that the use of CDP as CPAP or CPAP plus CPAP compared to CPAP alone is associated with a reduced risk of death and death from any cause. We also found that infants with birth weight above 1500 g were less ill and were more likely to die. We did not find a difference in the risk of lung failure or need for breathing support. The use of CPAP was not found to have an effect on the rate of pneumothorax (pneumonia). We found no effects on the number of deaths or use of breathing support at 28 days or 14 years (one study). We did find that CDP was more likely than CPAP to be used in preterm and low birth weight babies. We could not tell whether CDP is safe in babies with lung disease. The studies were done in the 1970s. Therefore, the effect of these results to current practice is difficult to assess. Further research is needed to determine the best mode of administration.
We found six studies (157 participants) comparing foam wound dressing with other types of dressing. There was no evidence to suggest that foam wound dressing is more helpful in healing foot ulcers in people with diabetes. There were no clear differences in the healing of wounds between foam and alginate dressing. The studies were small and/or had small follow-up times. There is a need for more high quality research in this field.
We identified three randomised controlled trials. One of these trials, with a total of 32 patients, compared surgery versus endoscopy. This trial showed that surgery was better in terms of pain relief, both at middle/long-term (two to five years) and long term (≥ five years). The other two trials, including 111 patients, showed that surgical treatment was better than endoscopies, but not at long-term. The study did not have a large number of patients, so we could not be sure of these results. The other trial, which was small, had a high risk of bias, which means we are not sure of the results. This review has shown that surgery in an early stage of chronic pancreas pain is a promising approach for patients with obstructive and dilated pancresas. Other trials need to confirm these findings.
We found only one randomised trial that met the inclusion criteria. This trial was at a high risk of bias, which means that the results may be biased. This study included 857 patients who had skin excision surgery in the primary care setting. There was no difference between the groups in the number of patients who developed a wound infection (SSI) in the two groups. There is currently no data on the effects of early or delayed post-operative bathing on the rate of wound infections. We found that there was no evidence that bathing after surgery was better or worse than bathing at the time of surgery.
We found one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared prednisone with no treatment in 35 participants. The trial had a high risk of bias, which means that the results may be biased. The study did not measure the main outcome for this review, so we were not able to draw any conclusions. A double-blind RCT (a type of RCT) in 40 adults with MS who were randomly put in one of the treatment groups reported none of the key outcomes we were looking for. There was little or no difference in the number of people who achieved remission, or change in disability or function after one year (low- or very low-risk of bias). There was no difference between the groups in the change in grip strength, or in changes in the MRCs, which are used to assess impairment. Eight of 16 people in the prednisolone group and seven of 24 in the dexamethasone group worsened. Side effects were similar with each treatment, but with high-dose oral prednison, such as sleeplessness, and moon facies (moon-shaped face) (low quality of the evidence). We are very unsure about the effects of the one RCT that we found, and we need more high-quality, well-designed RCTs before we can be sure about the benefits and harms of corticoids.
We found six studies including a total of 2100 participants. Four studies including 792 people in the main efficacy analyses, and the results of a study (n = 1213) and an oral steroid tapering trial (95) separately. One of the six studies (278 people) looked at the two types of check-up, but we did not know which was better. The studies could not be blinded and dropout was high in four of the studies, which may have bias the results. We could not say whether more people who had a remote check-ups need oral corticoids for an asthma flare-up than those who were seen face-to-face, but the results were very wide (OR 1.74, 95% CI 0.41 to 7.44). In the two groups, 21 people out of 1000 had an asthma attack that needed treatment in the emergency room (ED), and 36 (95% CI nine to 139). We could only say whether or not people who received a phone call or phoning had a greater risk of an attack than people who did not. We did not find any difference between the two ways of doing the check-uppens. There was no clear difference in the number of people with asthma who had an adverse event (adverse events) or in the quality of life (AQ) between the groups.
We found three studies that met the inclusion criteria, with a total of 212 participants. All three of the studies fulfilled at least seven of 10 criteria for the review. The results suggest that the results of these studies all favoured the exercise therapy, but none were significant. None of the three studies found that the treatment had an effect on pain. The studies showed that exercise does not worsen arthritis, and that it does not lead to an increase in pain. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found 19 trials with 2663 participants (11 with patients in the ICU and outpatients) and one with ICU patients. The 19 trials included in this review were conducted in a range of settings (inpatients, ICU, and inpatients). The evidence is of low to high risk of bias. We found that antibiotics have an effect on the risk of treatment failure in ICU or ICU. We also found evidence of a small effect on mortality (i.e. treatment failure) and on re-exacerbations (e.g. severe flare-ups). We found no effect on death from any cause, but we could not tell whether antibiotics had an impact on mortality. We did not find evidence that antibiotics had a significant effect on quality of life or on other symptoms of the condition. We rated the quality of evidence for all outcomes as low or low. We judged evidence of low quality from one trial in patients with mild to moderate flare-up to be of low or moderate risk of death. The other 19 trials were of low risk of being biased.
We found nine randomised clinical trials (RCTs) that randomised a total of 1414 people with a mean age of 45 to 59 years to a 'whole grain diet' or a 'diet' diet (i.e. a low- or no whole grain diet) to a control group or to a higher or lower whole grain or low-grains diet. Four of the studies were funded by the food industry, while the other four were funded or part-funded by companies with a commercial role in cereals. We found that there is not enough evidence from RCTs to be sure that whole grain diets have an effect on the risk of CVD events such as death from any cause, heart attacks or strokes. There is a need for more trials that have longer durations to assess the effect of whole grain on CVD risk factors. The quality of the evidence was low or very low, which means that we cannot be sure of the results. The studies were small and at high risk of bias.
We found 28 randomised studies with a total of 1896 participants. Thirty-eight of the studies were of high risk of bias. Eight studies were judged to be at high risk because of lack of allocation concealment and over half the of the trials were of low risk of selective reporting bias. Only one study was judged at low risk. There was little and inconclusive evidence on what type of support or immobilisation was the best. In 10 studies, the use of a removable type of immobilisation combined with exercise was compared with cast immobilisation alone. The use of an air-stirrup versus an orthosis or a walking cast was found to have a short-term effect on the range of motion of the ankle. One study (12 participants) found 12 weeks of hypnosis did not reduce activity or other outcomes. In five of the eight studies reporting this outcome, pain was significantly reduced in five of eight studies and the number of people with pain at the long term was significantly increased in one study. There were no differences between the two groups in terms of the amount of swelling in the ankle after non-thermal (non-electrotherapy modality) and non-electrionic (electron-stimulation modality). There was no difference between the groups in the percentage of people who had swelling after the non-hot or hot electrotherapy method compared with the hot or cold method. Five of the 28 studies showed that neurostimulation, an electrical stimulation modality, may be beneficial in the short term. One of the included studies found that some types of physiotherapy modalities may be helpful in the long-term. There is not enough evidence to say whether there is a role for stretching, manual therapy or exercises compared to usual care following the immobilisation of the affected leg after surgery. More trials that are well-designed and adequately-powered are required to strengthen the current evidence.
Four studies met the inclusion criteria. Two studies were conducted in low-income countries and two were non-randomised trials. Two were randomised controlled studies (RCTs) and one was non-RCT. An RCT of home-based nursing programme showed a positive effect of the programme on knowledge and refills, but not on CD4 count. A non-rCT of a peer support group program showed no change in self-reported adherence, yet the percentage of children with suppressed viral load increased from 30% to 80%. A RCT conducted in the US did not show a significant change in the number of patients with no missed doses. A second non-trial found that the rate of children achieving >80% adherence was no different in the intervention group (LPV/r) and in the non-drug group (NNRTI) compared to the NRTI group. However, the amount of viral load was greater for children on the LPV or LLPV than for the NNRTIs. The intervention did not appear to have an effect on adherence or disease outcomes.
This review found that oral fenoprofen 200 mg per day is effective at relieving pain after surgery to the gums and gums. There were five studies (696 people) that met the criteria for this review. Participants had pain after third molar, laparoscopy, minor day surgery, and episiotomy. There was no difference in the number of people who had any adverse events or dropped out of the studies. The pain relief was at least 50% over 4 to 6 hours with a single dose. There is not enough data to be sure of the effects of other doses or active comparators, the time to use of painkillers, or numbers of people needing to use rescue drugs.
Six trials were included; three of these trials are new to this review. Four trials were small (less than 25 women per arm) and two had moderate to high risk of bias. Four studies compared PFMT plus surgery versus surgery alone. Two of the four trials included women who had surgery for prolapse and the other study was small (n = 118). PFMT compared to surgery alone There was a large amount of bias in two out four trials in this review, which meant that we could not be sure of the results. Four of the six studies were small and two were small. The largest most rigorous trial to date suggests that PFMT improves prolapse symptoms and symptom score change in the short-term (six months) and the longer term (over six months). There is now some evidence from one large, well-designed trial to show that six months PFMT can be added to surgery, and that it can improve prolapse. There is not yet evidence about the use of PFMT as an adjunct to surgery.
Fourteen randomised controlled trials (1,724 participants or ears) were found that compared quinolone or antiseptics to no drug or no antiseptic treatment, or both. Topical and non-topical antibiotics were found to clear CSOM better than no drug treatment or no treatment, but the effects of non-quinolone antibiotics (without steroids) compared to no drugs or antisesptics are less clear. Studies were not able to show any clear differences in the effect of the two groups of antibiotics. The results of four of the trials were based on the same study, and so we could not be sure of the results. However, the results of three trials were from the same group of patients, and we were able to be sure that the results were the same in both groups. The quality of the studies was poor, and most were short.
We found 21 studies with a total of 6253 participants (5515 were included in the analysis). Studies were conducted from 1974 to 2011, with 80% conducted in the 1970's, 1980's or 1990's. Most of the studies did not report study methods well and many had high application concerns. In 20 of the 21 studies, FRS correctly identified all other types of schizophrenia. In the other 20 studies, it correctly assessed people with all other mental health disorders. The use of FRS to diagnose people with mental health problems in triage (the first stage of screening) will lead to around five to 19 people in every 100 who have FRS as having a severe mental health disorder. This means that the FRS test will correctly diagnose around 40% of people that the mental health care providers will consider to have schizophrenia. Some of these people may have a delay in treatment. Others, whom the people treating them will not think to have a severe illness, could be treated for a long time, if they rely on FRS. Empathetic, non-judgmental use of the test - with known limitations - should avoid a good amount of these errors. We hope that new tests, such as FRS, which are not widely used in Cochrane reviews, will show that FRS can still be helpful, even where new tests are not available.
We found 10 randomised controlled studies (RCTs) of which five were new to this update. There were 2003 participants in the 9 educational interventions and 44 in the 1 psychological intervention. All of the studies were conducted in primary- and primary-care settings, and all of them were delivered in the home or community. We did not find any RCTs that used psychological or psychosocial approaches. The 10 studies were small, with a total of 2003 participants. The largest and most robust study (n = 992) showed a reduction in severity of eczema in both the nurse- and nurse-led treatment groups. It provided six standardised, age-specific group education sessions. The other five new studies added to the 10 studies in this update have not changed the results of the review. The results from the five new trials have shown that there is some good evidence from the 10 new studies that these approaches may lead to an improvement in the severity and the quality of life of the children in the intervention groups. However, in all of the above studies, the results do not seem to be sufficient to be reliable. The studies did not have a high risk of bias, and we judged four of them to have high risks of bias due to the small numbers of people who took part, and some to have low numbers of patients. We found that there were some good results from some of the 10 trials, but not all. The quality of the trials was low or very low. This means that we could not be sure of the results. We judged four studies to be at high risk for bias, which means that they may have been at low risk. The evidence is up-to-date to May 2015.
Fourteen randomised clinical trials (753 participants) were included in this review. These trials compared HBOT with no HBOT, or sham HBOT or both. There was some evidence that HBOT may improve the amount of mucus in the mouth of people with LRTI. HBOT also appears to reduce the chance of ORN in the area of the mouth where the tooth is being removed. There were no data on the effect of HBOT on the brain, neck or anus. There did not seem to be evidence of an effect on brain damage to the brain or the spinal cord. There is a need for more research on HBOT to be used to treat people with low-back pain in the neck, neck, anus and rectum.
We found 10 randomised controlled studies (RCTs) that involved 2961 participants. Four of these 10 RCTs compared the use of blunt needles to the use in which the blunt needles were used. The use of a blunt needle was found to reduce the risk of perforations in three of the 10 studies. Four studies focused on the closure of the abdomen, two on caesarean section, one on the birth canal and two on surgery on the hip. In four of the studies, surgeons used blunt needles. In five out of six studies, they used sharp needles. The evidence is up to date as of May 2015. The quality of the evidence was rated as high. There is high quality evidence that using blunt needles reduces exposure to blood and bodily fluids for surgeons and their assistants over a range of operations. It is unlikely that future research will change this conclusion.
The evidence is up to date as of 23 November 2014. We found seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 422 participants that compared trifluoperazine with low-potency antipsychotic drugs. The size of the trials ranged from 20 to 157 participants with a study length of four to 52 weeks. Overall, the studies were of low or very low quality. The studies were small and the results did not show a clear difference in the effect of triflupololol on the patient's overall response to the treatment. Trifluopoline was not better than other low or moderate-potence antipsychotics in terms of the amount of time that the patient spent in the study and the number of people leaving the study early due to any reason. There was also no difference in acceptable of the treatment with equivocal number of participants leaving the studies early. The trials did not report on adverse effects of the drugs. Trafluopolololine was more likely to cause movement disorders than other drugs. No data were available for other outcomes of interest death, sedation and quality of life. The quality of evidence ranged from moderate to very low, so more, newer studies would be needed to draw conclusions about the relative effects of these drugs.
We found nine randomised trials including 593 preterm infants in total. The trials were generally of low quality and contained some weaknesses in the way they were conducted. The studies were small and did not have a large number of participants. We found that feeding in response to feeding cues can help preterm babies to eat and drink more than feeding cues, but this finding should be interpreted with caution due to the small number of trials and the lack of data. We did not find a strong or consistent effect on the length of stay in hospital. The evidence is up to date as of May 2015.
The authors of this review found that there were no trials on this topic. One study with a total of 133 participants showed that there was a benefit from folic acid and 5-methyltetrahydrofolate compared with a placebo (sugar pill) and a multivitamin B. The studies did not report on death and rate of limb loss. No major events were reported. The authors of the study did not have enough data to be able to make a conclusion about the use of these drugs in people with peripheral arterial disease. Further well-conducted trials are needed.
We identified two randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 503 dental practices, including 821 dentists and 4771 patients. One of the studies compared the use of a fee-for-service and an intervention on the placement of sealants in permanent teeth. The other study used a group design, which means that both groups of dentists were in the same group. The authors of the study found that the dentists in the group that received a fee for their work were more likely to be able to carry out dental care than those in the arm that did not. The study did not report data on measures of health service utilise or measures of patient outcomes. The evidence is up to date as of May 2015. The quality of the evidence was low/very low for all outcomes, as assessed using the GRADE approach. There was a high risk of bias in both of the included studies and we judged the quality of evidence to be low or very low.
We included 21 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in 54 papers, involving over 17,000 women and their babies. One trial did not contribute data to the review. Trials were generally at low risk of bias. We found that giving women with low or very low birthweight babies a dose of zinc or a placebo (a sugar pill) reduced preterm births by 14% compared with no treatment. There was no clear impact on the number of babies with low birth weight. There were no clear changes in any of the other primary maternal or neonatal outcomes, except for the use of an induced labour. No clear differences were seen between the zinc and no zinc groups for any of these. The evidence for a 14% decrease in preterm birth for zinc compared with a placebo was found to be based on studies that were mostly from low- and poor-income countries.
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 1656 people that met our inclusion criteria. All 10 RCTs used probiotics as an adjuvant therapy to antifungal drugs. Probiotics increased the rate of short-term cure and the relapse rate at one month. However, this did not translate to a higher rate of cure at three months. The use of probiotics did not seem to lead to a greater rate of long-term cured patients. We found no trials that looked at the effect of using probiotics on the time to first relapse, need for more treatment, the need for treatment at the end of the treatment, patient satisfaction and cost. The quality of the studies was low or very low. There is a need for large-scale, well-conducted, longer follow-up and larger sample size.
We found seven randomised controlled trials (involving 696 participants) that met our inclusion criteria. Six of the trials were conducted in Germany and Italy, while four trials were in the US, one in Turkey, two in Iran, one each in Turkey and Jordan, and Turkey, and Jordan. The women in the trials had a range of age groups, and most of them were low- or very low-income. The evidence is up to date as of May 2015. The results of this Cochrane Review suggest that progestogens are probably effective in the treatment of threatened miscarriage but may have little or no effect on the rate of preterm birth. The quality of the evidence ranged from very low to moderate. The studies were small and there was a high risk of bias in six of the studies and a wide range of events and wide confidence intervals for some outcomes. We assessed the body of evidence for the main outcomes using the GRADE tool and the results of the review ranged from moderate to very low quality.
We identified a large number of trials of laser photocoagulation of retinopathy (n = 83) but five of these five trials were included in the review. Three studies were from the USA, one from the UK and one from Japan. A small number of people (9503 eyes) were studied in these studies. Four of the five studies were conducted in the USA and one in the UK. Three of the studies were funded by laser manufacturers. The other three studies did not state the source of funding. The five studies that we found were small and at high risk of bias, so we could not be sure of the results. We found that laser treatment with laser reduced the risk of loss of 15 or more letters of vision at 12 months. There was a 20% decrease in risk of losing 15 letters of sight at five years with laser treatment. The risk of vision loss was similar in all five trials. There were no differences between laser and no treatment groups in terms of the number of eyes that lost 15 letters or more, but there was a 50% drop in the risk that the loss of vision was permanent. We judged the results to be of low quality. None of the trials looked at the effects of the laser treatment on vision in the near or far-side of the eye. We did not plan any subgroups of the study, but we found that there were more eyes in each group. The evidence is up to date as of May 2018.
We found two randomised trials involving 269 participants. The trials were conducted in China and Italy (one was a multicentre trial). Both trials included adults with acute lung failure after surgery to the abdomen. The mean age was 65 years. The participants were mostly men (67%), and the mean age of participants was 65. Both trials compared CPAP or NPPV with oxygen therapy. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2018. We judged both trials at high risk of bias (high risk of systematic error) and low or very low quality (low or low quality). We found that CPAP, compared to oxygen therapy, may reduce the rate of tracheal intubation and the time spent in the intensive care unit (ICU) and may also reduce ICU length of stay (mean difference (MD) -1.84 days; 95% confidence interval (CI) -3.53 to -0.15). However, we found no differences for mortality (low quality) and the length of time in the ICU (low/very low) and there was insufficient evidence to conclude whether CPAP/NPPV had an effect on anastomotic leakage, pneumonia-related complications, and sepsis or infections. We found evidence from one trial of 60 participants that bilevel nitric oxide and nitric acid may improve blood gas levels and blood pH levels one hour after the intervention (MD 22.5 mm Hg, 95% CI 17.19 to 27.81; pH 0.06 to 0.11). The trials included in this review did not report data on the following outcomes that we intended to assess: gastric insufflation, fistulae, pneumothorax, bleeding, skin breakdown, eye irritation, sinus congestion, oronasal dryness, and patient-ventilator asynchrony. The findings of this review indicate that the use of CPAP and N
We found four randomised trials involving 388 women that were judged to be at a high risk of bias. Three of the four trials compared diazepam with other painkillers (ketamine; vinydan-ether; "other" anaesthesia) and one trial (in both groups lignocaine) was used. A variety of painkillers were used in the four studies. The trials used a wide range of methods to measure pain, and so we could not pool the results of the trials. In one of the studies, the painkillers that were used for pain relief for forceps birth were a type of analgesic agent (diazepam) and a nerve block. The painkillers did not seem to work as well as the nerve block, and women were more satisfied with their pain relief. In the other three trials, women were less satisfied with the analgesics. The women in the trials were less likely to feel sick, and were less prone to feeling sick. There was no clear evidence that any of the painkiller agents or method was more effective than the other for relieving pain. There were no trials that looked at the health of the mothers or babies. No trials looked at adverse effects of the drugs, and neonatal deaths or complications.
We found 15 studies with a total of 1048 participants. Most of the trials were from India, followed by Europe and the US, and the studies included adults of both sexes. Five of the 15 studies assessed yoga breathing alone, while the other five assessed yoga interventions that included breathing, posture, and meditation. The studies lasted from two weeks to 54 months, for no more than six months in most of studies. The trials were of moderate- or high quality. The evidence is current to May 2015. We found that yoga probably leads to small improvements in quality of life and symptoms in people with asthma. There was some evidence that yoga may lead to improvements in some aspects of health, but we could not be sure about this. There is more uncertainty about the effects of yoga and its impact on lung function and medication use. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for most of the outcomes, which means that we cannot be sure of the results.
We found 10 trials (249 participants) that assessed the effects of a range of drugs on IBM. Seven of the 10 trials assessed single agents, and 3 assessed combined agents. Seven trials assessed different drug regimens, and three compared two or more drugs to placebo. Many of the studies did not report the results of the main outcome of the review, which was the change in muscle strength at six months. We were able to combine the data from two trials (58 and 78 participants) of a single drug (MTX) and found that MTX did not slow or stop the growth of IBM. We could not tell whether any of the drugs used in the 10 studies were effective. We assessed six of the nine full-published trials as having very low- or low-quality data. We found that the results from one trial of MTX and one study of methotrexate (44 people) showed that MTT did not have an effect on the rate of growth of the disease, but we were not able to tell whether or not MTX had an effect based on the percentage change in strength of the muscle at 12 months. Three trials (n = 78) compared intravenous immunoglobulin (combined in one trial with prednisone) to a placebo (a drug that blocks the action of the immune system) but we could not pool the data together because of variations in the methods of the trials. The results from three trials of oxandrolone, azathioprine, and arimoclomol did not allow us to draw conclusions about the effect of these drugs on the amount of damage to the muscle caused by IBM. None of the included studies reported on side-effects. We rated the quality of evidence from the 10 randomised trials as very low or low. We need more trials that are large, of longer duration, and that use well-validated, standardised, and responsive outcome measures.
We identified nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 3144 participants. The studies were conducted in adults and adults with SSTIs due to MRSA. The average age of people in the studies ranged from 59.5 years to 74 years, and the mean age of the patients ranged from 55.6 years to 73 years. The trials were published in the 1980s and included people who had a range of types of SSTI and who were at high risk of developing SSTIS (e.g. red man syndrome, pruritus, and rash). The studies compared linezololol with vancomycin, an antifungal drug that is commonly used to treat people with MRSA, or with other types of infections caused by MRSA (such as meningitis). We found that linezolinol was more effective than vancomalolol in treating adults with infections due to the MRSA bacterium. There was no difference in all-cause mortality (death from any cause) between linezoidol and vancomylolol. There were fewer cases of red man or pruritis and rash in the linezolic treatment group than in the vancomlycin group. The length of time spent in the hospital was shorter for those treated with linezoliolol than with vancycin. The daily cost of outpatient therapy was less with oral linezoleolol compared with intravenous vanceycin. Thus, total costs per patient were three days less for those receiving linezolidolol and one day less with vancelycin. We judged the quality of the evidence to be high, which means that further well-conducted trials are needed to confirm the results of this review. The available evidence is based on studies that were supported by the drug that makes linezolaolol, which is a drug that has been used in the treatment of people with S
We found eight randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 512 participants. The trials were of low quality. We found that there was no evidence of differences in mortality, morbidity, and survival between the PPW and conventional surgery. However, some of the perioperative outcome measures, such as time spent in the operating room, blood loss, and transfusion, favour PPW. Furthermore, we found that PPW was less likely to cause bleeding in the abdomen, but there were no clear differences between the two groups. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low.
This is an update of a review of six randomised trials of calcium channel blockers in people with traumatic brain injury. Five of the studies included in this review were randomised controlled trials, with a total of 1862 patients. The six trials were small, and the risk of bias was high. The risk of death was reported in five of the six RCTs. In two of the five trials, the risk was reported to be the same as in the group of people who had haemorrhage in the brain. In three of the trials, death was the same in both groups. In the two trials that looked at death in a subgroup of people with brain injury, the pooled risk was 0.91. The pooled risk for death in this subgroup was not similar to that in the control group. For the five studies which looked at deaths in a group of patients who had brain injury in the other part of their brain (the brain, the brain stem), the pooled risks were 0.97. The effect of nimodipine was not clear in five studies, but in three studies it was. This review found that the use of a calcium channel blocker in a small number of patients with brain injuries, such as those who had a stroke, may be helpful, though there is a high risk of side effects for some patients. There is a need for large, well-conducted randomised studies to be done in this area of the brain in order to assess the effects of this drug in the long-term.
We identified four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 3090 participants. Three trials were considered to have a low risk of bias, and one trial was assessed to be at a high risk. When we compared the survival to the time of discharge from hospital, we found that both groups of people who received CPR plus defibrillators and those who had CPR plus delayed defibrilators had the same effect on the rate of return of the heart rate, survival to discharge and death from any cause. We could not tell whether one group was better than the other. Adverse effects were not seen in either group. We have not been able to conclude whether one of these approaches is better than another. We suggest that this area needs more high-quality research.
The review of trials found that there is not enough evidence to support the use of any of these interventions. Ten randomised controlled trials (RCTs) have been identified. Ten trials with eight different comparison groups have been included. Only one of the trials reported live birth rates. The number of oocytes retrieved were less in the conventional GnRH long protocol than in the GnRH antagonist and GnRH short protocol. The total dose of gonadotrophins used was also more than twice as high as in the stop or GnRH blocker groups. The rate of ovulation loss was also higher in the long and short protocol groups. None of the ten RCTs reported differences between the groups in the number of women who had a miscarriage or ectopic pregnancy. There is a need for more high quality studies with more data to assess the effects of these treatments on live birth, miscarriage and ectopic birth rates in IVF.
This is an update of a review published in 2009-10. We identified 21 new randomised controlled trials, with a total of 53 randomised studies, that met the inclusion criteria. This review found that the intervention may be of interest to people with mental illness and their carers. It may reduce the rate of relapses and the number of people who need to go to hospital. It also seems to improve the level of social impairment and the amount of emotion in the family. We did not find data to suggest that the treatment effects of these trials may be overestimated due to the poor quality of the trials.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared DEBs versus uncoated (non-drug-eluting) balloons. These three trials were carried out in Germany and Austria and used the drug-eluted drug paclitaxel as the agent in the DEBs. Two of the three studies were sponsored by the companies that made the balloons. All three trials examined the use of DEBs to treat in-stent restenosemia. The evidence is up to date as of May 2018. The trials examined both anatomical and clinical endpoints. We found that DEBs were better than uncoating balloons for the outcomes of amputation, target lesion revascularization, binary restenosis, death, and improvement of one or more Rutherford categories. DEBs also showed an advantage for anatomical endpoints such as reopening of the narrowing of the femoral artery (target lesion) and reopening the narrowed artery in the femoropopliteal artery (binary restenitis) and for one clinical endpoint - improvement in the Rutherford category post intervention for up to 24 months. The studies did not show any clear differences in death between DEBs and uncoate balloons. The quality of the evidence was very low due to the small number of included studies and the high risk of bias in the design of the studies.
We found that corticosteroids in the acute phase of KD can reduce the risk of coronary artery problems and the length of time spent in the ICU. We found that steroid use in the short term may be more effective than the longer term. We could not be sure whether steroid use is more or less helpful in the long term, as there were not enough data to be sure of this. We rated the quality of evidence as high for the incidence of adverse events, death and time for laboratory tests to normalise. We judged the evidence to be moderate for the rate of heart problems and low for mortality. We graded the results of the review according to GRADE, which means that we are confident that the true effect is close to what we found. Evidence was low to very low for the number of deaths and adverse events. The evidence was low quality for the duration of symptoms of KD (fever, rash) and for the time for tests (erythrocyte sedation rate (ESR) and C-reactors) to return to normalised. The quality of the evidence was moderate for length of stay in hospital and high for adverse events and death.
We found eight randomised controlled studies (RCTs) including 846 participants. Four RCTs were at high risk of bias (i.e. there was a risk of systematic bias) and four were at low risk. Four of the studies compared PIP with another intervention (e.g. video-interaction guidance, psychoeducation, counselling or cognitive behavioural therapy) and two of these included a control group in addition to an alternative treatment group. Samples included women with postpartum depression, anxiety or insecure attachment, maltreated, and children who were in prison. We found that the PIP approach was better than other types of PIP. We also found that PIP was more successful than other PIP approaches in terms of the number of infants with a secure, non-secure, or disorganised infant attachment. There was also an increase in the proportion of infants who had a secure or non-searched, or both, infant and parent-child interaction. There were no differences between PIP and the other treatment groups in any of the outcomes we looked at. The quality of evidence was low or very low, mainly due to the small number of studies and participants, and the fact that some of the results were imprecise. We rated the evidence as low to very low quality.
We found one new study in this updated review. In total, we found 11 trials (with 753 participants) that met our inclusion criteria. The evidence is up-to-date as of 26 November 2016. The 11 trials were of low or very low quality, which means that we are very uncertain about the results. We found that there was no difference between the intervention groups in the short-term outcomes of Apgar scores at one minute and at five minutes as assessed by Apgar, but there was a high risk of bias in some of the 11 trials. The very low-quality of the evidence showed that in comparison to room air, women in labour in labour who had supplementary oxygen had higher levels of oxygen in the blood, maternal PaO2 (oxygen pressure in the body) and maternal UPO2 (foetal umbilical arterial blood) and UvPO2, which is a type of blood flow in the womb that carries oxygen to the mother and her unborn baby. There was high heterogeneity among these outcomes. A subgroup analysis showed no difference in UaPO2 between the two groups in low-risk and high-risk trials, whereas the high- risk trials showed a benefit for the neonatal oxygen group. Overall, we did not find any convincing evidence that giving supplementary oxygen to healthy term pregnant women during elective caesarean section under regional anaesthesia is beneficial or harmful for either the mother or the foetus in terms of short- and long-term clinical outcomes. Although, there were higher maternal and neonatal blood gas values and markers of free radicals when extra oxygen was given, the results should be interpreted with caution due to the low grade of evidence.
Twelve studies with a total of 2196 patients were found. Six of these studies provided data on the percentage of pills taken. The other four studies provided information on self-reported adherence. Reminder packaging was found to increase the number of pills patients took. We found that the use of reminder packaging resulted in an 11% increase in the amount of pills they took (11% versus 6%) and a 2% (11%) decrease in diastolic blood blood pressure (11%). We found no effect on systolic blood pressure. We also looked at changes in the levels of glucose and haemoglobin (a type of blood sugar) and found that reminders reduced the levels (0.72 versus 92%) of these. We did not find evidence of an effect on the blood pressure of patients who did not have a reminder. We could not draw any conclusions on the effect of these devices on other outcomes, such as the level of blood pressure, or on changes in self-reports of symptoms. In one study the presence of a reminder box aid was also found to be preferred by some patients with low literacy. Reminders may be a simple way to help patients with a range of conditions to take their pills. More research is needed to determine the best way to use these devices.
We found 15 randomised clinical trials that compared 11 different drugs (methylprednisolone, multivitamin, vitamin E, amrinone, pentoxoid, mannitol, trimetazidine, dextrose, allopurinol, and OKY 046) in elective liver resections. All of these drugs had high risk of bias. There were no differences between the groups in death, liver failure, or morbidity. The trimetazidine group had a longer stay in the hospital than the control group, but there were no changes in any of the outcomes that we looked at. The use of these drug regimens may protect against ischaemia, but this is shown in trials with small sample sizes, and the risk of errors due to the small size of the trials and the high risk for bias.
We searched for studies that assessed the effect of these drugs on the risk of kidney damage. We found 61 randomised and non-randomised studies that met our inclusion criteria. These studies included 13,327 people of interest, of whom at least 4499 had a blood test to check the kidneys. In total, we found 61 studies; 46 for prevalence, six for both and risk factors, and nine not meeting the criteria. Of these 52 studies, 36 studied a decrease in GFR, and found at least 432 CCS, and that it was present in 0% to 73.7% of people. One of the studies found an increased risk of damage to the kidneys after the use of TBI in CCS. Four non-clinical studies, which assessed a total cohort of CCS and found nephrectomy and (high dose (HD) ifosfamide) as risk factors for lower GFR. The other risk factors were cisplatin, and carboplatin, or both. The majority of people in the studies were adults, and most of them were male. The risk of side-effects ranged from 0% or 84% to 0%. This variation may be due to the wide range of participants in the study, the type of cancer, and the duration of the study. The evidence is up to date as of May 2018. The 52 studies that we found evaluated the risk factors of kidney disease in 13, 327 people of the 52 studies. Seven out of 52 trials, including 244 participants, assessed the prevalence of chronic kidney disease, which ranged from 2.4% to 32%. Of the 52 included in the meta-analysis, 36 found a decreased (estimated) GFR and found it was found in 0.6% to 36.8% of participants, and from 0.5% to 62.5%. The risk factors assessed by three non-related studies, including HD cisplatan, (HD), ifos
We found two randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of Niprisan® (also known as Nicosan®) and Ciklavit®. Both of these drugs have been shown to reduce painful crises in people with sickle cell disease. Cajanus cajan and Ciprofloxacin® have not been tested in clinical trials and so we were not able to draw any conclusions on the effect of these medicines on the level of anaemia in the blood (low- or very low- or moderate- or high- or low-quality evidence). The results of the single trial of Cajus cajans® suggest that these drugs may have a beneficial effect on the amount of blood lost to the body (low quality of evidence) and on the number of episodes of painful crises over a six-month follow-up period. No serious adverse effects were reported. The results from the Cajan® trial suggest that this drug may have no harmful effects on the blood pressure of the person taking it, but further trials are required to assess its role in the management of sickle cells and the results of its multicentre trial are awaited.
We included three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in this review. The three RCTs involved 1999 patients with HL and a negative PET scan. The studies were small with a low risk of bias, but given the study design it is likely that there was no blinding. One of the studies was published in an abstract form only; hence, we were not able to assess the quality of the evidence. Two of the three studies were of high quality. The third trial was more complex. The participants with HL were divided into those with a good or poor prognosis. They were then randomised to receive PET-adapted or standard treatment. Participants with a positive PET scan and a low PET scan were then divided into PET-positive and PET-poor groups. The other study was of very low quality. We found that PFS was longer in people with HL who had a PET scan only and those with both a negative and a high PET scan, and those who had both a high and low PET scans, but this was not clear in all three trials. We could not be sure whether this was due to the fact that all three of the trials were conducted in the same way. We also found that the time taken for PFS to improve was shorter in those with HL with a negative or high PET scans who had PET-based therapy (with or with no radiotherapy) than in those who received standard therapy. We judged this to be a very low- or moderate-risk of bias. We rated the evidence for the short-term effects of PFS and AEs as very low, and for the long-term effect as moderate. No data on OS, response rate, TRM, or QoL, or short- and long- term AEs were found in any of the included trials. It is still not clear whether PET-negative people are more likely to have a PFS than those with high-risk PET scans. However,
We found 31 randomised trials that met the inclusion criteria. Twenty-one of these studies compared oral contraceptives with pills, injections, or vaginal rings. Others looked at the use of pills, injectables, a vaginal ring, and implants. None of the trials used a placebo. Of 34 comparisons, eight had any differences between the groups in an outcome. Twelve of the 31 trials looked at desogestrel- and norethisterone, and the few differences were not consistent. Twelve studies looked at levonorgestrel COCs. A meta-analysis of two of these trials showed that the desogostrel pills had a higher mean change in fasting glucose (0.20 to 0.41) and a greater change in blood glucose (1.43 to 1.71) and insulin (2.04 to 1%) than the levonorol-containing pills. Of eight trials of a hormonal contraceptive, five looked at oral contraceptives and three compared injectables. In a COC trial, a group had a lower mean changes in fasting blood glucose and a higher two-hour blood glucose response than the group that used a levonordol-based COC. Three studies examined the vaginal ring and one looked at an implant. One trial showed the ring group had lower mean AUC insulin and a lower AUC glucose and insulin area under the curve (AUC) compared to the levorol COC group. In eight studies of hormonal contraceptives, five compared oral and injectable regimens and three did not. In one small trial, women who used an injectable had a greater mean change than those who did not use the injectable. We still do not know very much about women at risk for metabolic problems due to being overweight. More than half of the studies had weight restrictions as inclusion criteria, so we could not be sure about the effects of weight restrictions. Only one study looked at body mass index (obese versus normal weight
We found 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that met our inclusion criteria. Nine of the 10 included RCTs had a low risk of bias and five had a high risk. The 10 trials included in this review included a total of549 people with hip or knee OA. Seven of these 10 trials (549 people) included people with both hip and knee pain. The other five trials (419 people) only recruited people with symptomatic hip OA, so we could not be sure whether these 10 studies had a bias. Nine studies reported on pain, and one study (183 people) did not. Pain was reduced by 8 points on a 0- to 100-point scale (0 was no pain) and by 7 points (0 to 12 points) on a 1- to 10-point range (95% confidence interval (CI) -0 to 100) in the control group. The improvement in pain was sustained at least three to six months after treatment was stopped. The quality of the evidence was high for pain and physical function, but low for quality of life. Only three studies (183 participants) looked at the effect of the exercise programme on pain and only one reported on this outcome. We judged the quality of evidence to be high for both pain and pain intensity, and low for the other two outcomes. We found that the 10 trials were well-conducted, and that most of the trials were able to blind people to which group they were in. Only one trial (391 participants) reported on adverse events, and all were related to pain. We considered that the results of these studies to be of high quality. We rated the evidence for pain, pain and function as being reduced by an equivalent of 8 points and 7 points on 0 to 100 points on the 0 to 12 point scale. However, the results may be biased due to the fact that none of the studies were large enough to be sure of the results. Only five
We found nine studies that met our criteria for this review. Six studies looked at the effects of exercise therapy versus no exercise therapy, and three compared the use of an intervention that both met our inclusion criteria. The results of these studies showed strong evidence in favour of exercises in terms of muscle strength, strength of the body and endurance. There was no evidence of adverse effects of the intervention. There is an urgent need for more trials to be done to assess the effect of these types of treatments. In the meantime, there is a need for high-quality, well-conducted, large-scale randomised studies to be carried out in this area.
We found one randomised clinical trial including 75 people (average age: 43 years; 65% of the people in the trial were women) who were randomised to early laparoscopy (less than 24 hours after the surgery) (n = 35) or delayed laparoscopic cholecystectomy (mean waiting time 4.2 months) or surgery delayed (mean time of 4.0 months). The trial had a high risk of bias, which means that the results may be biased. The trial did not have a high number of deaths. There were no deaths in the surgery group (0/35) (0%) versus 1/40 (2.5%) in the wait-and-see group (P > 0.9999). There was no bile duct injury in either group. The risk of death was similar in both groups. The other outcomes were available for 28 participants in the laparoscope group and 35 patients in the waiting-time group. There was a reduction in the risk of serious adverse events in the group that had surgery in the early stage (0.0%) compared with the delayed stage (9/40) (22.5%). There was also a decrease in the time spent in the hospital (1.25 days) in the two groups (0% and 14.80 minutes). The time taken for the surgery to be done was reduced by 14.8 minutes in the delayed group and by 1.25 hours in the earlier group (MD -14.80 hours). The study did not report on quality of life or the time that the surgery took to return to work. The complications that the participants suffered included pancreatitis, empyema of the gallbladder (n= 1), gallbladerection (n°1), perforation of the bile, gallbladders (n °1), acute choleocystitis, cholangitis, obstructive jaundice, and
We found 11 randomised trials that met our inclusion criteria. Seven of these trials provided evidence for the main comparison and the main outcome and these were pooled. Overall, long-term treatment with antibiotics reduces the risk of SSI in people with orthognathic surgery. There is some uncertainty about the effects of short-term prophylactics compared with a single dose. There were no reports of adverse effects of the drugs in those trials that reported in this outcome. None of these studies assessed or reported data on other outcomes, and there was not enough data to show whether one type of antibiotic is better than another.
We found one randomised controlled trial involving 40 babies and 42 women. There were no differences between the two groups in terms of preterm birth at 36 weeks of labour and birthweight. The trial was too small to be able to draw any firm conclusions about the effects of elective preterm births for babies with gastroschisis. There is a trend to a trend towards a preterm pre-birth at 36 to 36 weeks' gestation for pregnant women with this condition. The study did not have a large enough number of babies to be sure whether the intervention is beneficial or harmful for these babies or their mothers. Only one small trial is included in this review and so we are not able to say whether this is a good or a bad intervention. Further research is needed in this area.
We found three studies in adults that met our criteria, with a total of 122 patients, and 95 had completed treatment. All three studies used paracetamol as an add-on to an established treatment with strong painkillers (drugs such as morphine) or strong opioids. Other non-drugs used to treat pain were non-steroidal drugs (NSAIDs) or drugs such as tricyclic drugs (antibiotic drugs), or neuroleptics. One of the three-step WHO pain ladder studies was in adults, and two were in adults. We found no studies in children. The three-stage pain ladder is a set of three steps of the first stage of the treatment plan, the first of which is the first step (the 'first step') of the 'pain ladder' (called 'the first step'). The first step is the 'first stage' (the first stage) of the pain ladder, the'second step', and the 'last step' is 'the last step'. The first two steps are the first and'very much' stage. The 'first' stage is when the pain is at least 50% less, and at least 30%, from the start of treatment. The first stage was the'middle' stage (the end stage). The 'last' stage was 'the most painful stage'. We found that there was no clear evidence of a difference in pain relief between people with and without a 'first-stage' or'very poor' stage of cancer pain. There was no difference in the pain levels of participants with or with a'second-phase' of the disease, and there were no clear differences in pain levels between those with and patients with'very good' and 'bad' pain. The studies were small, short-term, and had a high risk of bias. There is no high- or very-low-risk of bias from the way the studies were done. The
This is an update of a review of 15 randomised studies that looked at the effects of acupuncture on the wet patch on the pillow. Of the 15 trials, 14 were conducted in China and 14 in hospitals. Most of the 15 studies were small and of poor or very small size. All of the trials had a high risk of bias. Antimuscarinics were the most commonly tested drugs. For the outcome of 'no improvement' astemizole, diphenhydramine, propantheline, and doxepin were more effective than a sham treatment. However, the doses of these drugs used were those that can cause side effects. Adverse effects were not well recorded. The other drugs were oryzanol (rice bran oil and rice embryo oil) and suo quo wan (Chinese herbal medicine), which both showed some benefit over the antimuscarinic doxapin. There are too few trials to be sure of these results. Well-conducted randomised trials are needed. Some may be underway.
We identified six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 195 people with MS. The six RCTs included in the review were of moderate to high quality. Two trials compared inspiratory muscle training with a threshold device; three trials compared expiratory muscle trainees with no active training; and one RCT, with expiration training, was of high or low quality. Eighteen (˜ 10%) dropped out; trials did not report on adverse events. We pooled data of 5 trials (N=137) for both types of muscle training. Three of the six studies were of high quality, while the other three were of low or very low. Compared to no training, the results showed that the training of the muscles in the chest with a resistive threshold device improved the amount of air in the lungs. The training did not seem to be as effective as expirations, but there was a small effect on the level of breath in the lung. We did not find a difference between the two groups with regard to fatigue, but we did find that expirative muscle training was more effective than no training. We could not draw conclusions about the impact of the training on the effect of the treatment on quality of life due to the lack of data. We rated the quality of the evidence for all of the results as low, mainly because of the small number of people in the studies and because the results were imprecise.
This review identified one randomised trial (RCT) comparing betamethasone with no medication. This RCT included 38 women (41 pregnancies) and 26 women (28 pregnancies) being analysed. This trial found that there was no evidence of a difference in the risk of bleeding in the neonatal or neonatal brain. This review does not have enough data to say whether there are other drugs or treatments for ITP that can be used to treat it. This is because the trial was not large or well-conducted. Therefore, there is a need for large, well-designed, randomised trials on this topic.
We found two studies, with a total of 111 participants (n = 30 and n = 81), both from Iran, that met our criteria. Participants had moderate to severe keratoconus pre-operative and were randomised to have either DALK or a type of keratoplasty. Only one eye of each patient was treated as part of the trials. The trial had 12 month follow-up. For the larger study, four DALK surgeries had to be stopped due to the poor results of the DALK surgery. Follow-up length for the patients ranged from 6.8 to 36.4 months. The other 77 people in the study had at least three months after the suture was removed. We found that both types of surgery had the same risk of graft failure. No graft failures were found in either group of the trial. However, we found that graft failure was more likely to be found after DALK than DALK. In both groups, graft loss was less likely to occur in DALK patients. The studies did not show that one technique was better than the other. There were a number of adverse events in both groups. For both groups of surgery, these were similar. In recipients of DALK, one person had an interface neovascularisation (a growth of blood vessels) and one had a wrinkling of Descemet’s membrane (a layer of the corneal stroma, which is a thin layer of blood between the cornea and the stoma, which surrounds the eye and the eye, that is, the same as the layer in both in the donor cornea). In the other group, one patient had graft resuturing (removal of the graft) and the other had an atonic (pupil dilation), which means that the lens of the eye does not close completely. The results from both of the studies were based on data from one of the two studies and so we could
We identified 67 randomised controlled trials (from 76 reports) that recruited 8506 women; the number of women in each of the studies varied greatly. The mean age of the women in the trials ranged from 55 to 74 years. The average age of participants ranged from 59 to 73 years, and the mean duration of follow-up ranged from six weeks to 12 months. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2015. The review found that daily iron supplementation reduces the prevalence of anaemia and iron deficiency, raises haemoglobin and iron levels in the blood, improves haemoglobulins and iron stores, and reduces fatigue. These benefits come at the expense of increased gastrointestinal symptomatic side effects, such as abdominal pain, abdominal discomfort and nausea. The quality of the evidence was moderate for anaemia, and high for iron-deficiency anaemia. Only 10 studies were considered at low overall risk of bias, with most of the other studies presenting insufficient details about trial quality.
We found five studies with a total of 1,726 patients that met our criteria for this review. The review found that the combination of irinotecan and fluoropyrimidine did not seem to be a better option for patients with CRC, and that both regimens were as good as the first. However, this result may have been driven by the single first-line treatment group in the study. There was no difference in the risk of death from any cause or from any other cause. There were higher risks of side effects in those treated with the combination treatment (diarrhoea and grade 3 or 4 diarrhoea), and a lower risk of low white blood cell counts in those in the control group. We judged the quality of the studies to be low to very low, which means that we are not able to be sure of the results.
This review found that a transverse or oblique incision is less painful and less prone to rupture. There was no difference seen in other early or late complications and recovery time. There is some evidence that the transverse incision may look better and may be cosmetically more good looking. However, this does not seem to be a difference in the rate of complications and the time taken for the incision to heal. The pain is less clear and should be assessed with caution.
We found nine randomised controlled studies (RCTs) with a total of 981 participants. The mean age across the studies ranged from 32.0 to 43.7 years. Five of the nine studies were conducted in Europe and four in North America. The average age across trials ranged from 33 to 351.0 years. All studies were judged to be judged to have high risk of bias due to lack of blinding, and four of the studies suffered from at least one additional source of bias. In MBR compared to usual care for subacute low-back pain, people receiving MBR had less pain and less disability, as well as more time away from work and fewer sick leave days. The effect sizes for pain and disability were low to very low in terms of clinical meaningfulness, whereas the effects for work-related outcomes were in the moderate range. When we compared MBR to other types of treatment (i.e. brief intervention with features from a light mobilization program and a graded activity program, functional restoration, brief clinical intervention, education and advice on exercise, and psychosocial counselling), we found no differences between the groups in the numbers of participants who had pain, disability, and time spent on sick leave. However, when we looked for adverse events in both of these comparisons, none of the included studies reported this outcome. On the other hand, we found that MBR does not seem to be more effective than some other type of treatment, and it is not clear whether MBR is better than other forms of care. The quality of evidence was low or very low due to the small number of people in the studies and the small numbers of studies.
We identified 18 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 4843 participants. Bisphosphonate was given to men with prostate cancer metastatic to bone or to the bone of the bone. The studies were conducted in men with bone metastasis from prostate cancer. The evidence is up to date as of May 2018. Bisosphonates were given to 4843 men with metastatic prostate cancer and bone metastases from the bone or bone metastasies to bone, or both, in a range of dosages. The average age of participants ranged from 55.5 years to 69 years. The mean age of men in the studies ranged from 59.6 years to 71 years old and the mean duration of follow-up ranged from six months to 12 years. Bisposonate administration did not seem to have an effect on the proportion of men with pain or death from prostate metastasis in the 18 trials. However, it did seem to decrease the number of men who had a low pain response (pain was similar in both groups) and decrease the rate of death from cancer metastasis (death was similar to death) in nine trials with 3153 men. We found no clear difference in the percentage of participants with pain and death between the groups. We also found no differences in the amount of painkillers or painkillers taken by the participants. We did not find a clear difference between the two groups with respect to the number with osteonecrosis of the jaw (joint cancer) between groups. The risk of kidney damage and side effects were similar in the two or three of the 18 studies, but the risk of side effects was higher in the bisposonates group compared to the control group. We rated the quality of evidence for pain and mortality as low and very low, respectively. The quality of the evidence for quality of life and pain was low and low, and for pain response as low. The results of this review are based on low or
We found five randomised clinical trials (RCTs) involving 1093 patients. Four RCTs compared HDT + ASCT with chemotherapy or immuno-chemotherapy, and one RCT in patients with relapsed FL. Overall, the five trials are judged to be of high quality. All trials were reported as randomised and assessed to be open-blinded. Due to the small number of patients in each trial (four or less), we could not assess the quality of the data. We found that HDT plus ASCT is better in terms of survival (OS) and survival (PFS) in patients who have not had a stem cell transplant. We also found that there is a strong PFS and OS advantage for HDT and ASCT compared with other types of treatment (drugs) in people who have had a transplant but have not been treated with stem cell therapy. There is no evidence that the PFS or OS are improved in people with relapse of the cancer. Adverse events were reported more often in patients in the HDT group and more frequently in those in the ASCT group. There was no difference in the number of deaths between the two groups. In the four trials in the control-arm, there were no differences between the treatment group and the group that did not receive any treatment. For the one trial in relapsed patients, there was some evidence (one trial, 70 patients) that adding rituximab to both treatment groups was better than the control group. For this trial, no results were found on death from any cause. In summary, the results of this review show that there appears to be a strong effect of HDT+ASCT in the treatment of relapsed cancer in patients that have not undergone a stem cells transplantation. However, we cannot be sure whether this effect will translate into an OS or OS advantage in these patients. Further trials evaluating this approach are needed to determine this effect
We found 15 randomised controlled trials (1437 participants) comparing WDD with other antipsychotic drugs, or with no treatment or with other types of medication. We found that WDD may improve the short-term global state of people with schizophrenia. WDD was found to be an add-on treatment to other drugs, such as chlorpromazine or risperidone, but WDD did not seem to have an effect on the long-term effects of these drugs on the short term. When WDD + low-dose drug was compared to an antipsychotics, WDD had a positive short- term effect on both the short and long term effects of the drugs. There was no effect of WDD on weight gain. The quality of the trials was low or low. There is a need for more research on WDD for people with mental health problems.
We found three new randomised studies (228 people) in this update of the review, bringing the total to 12 RCTs with 799 people. We judged three studies to be at high risk of bias, and three to be low risk. Six were unclear. The review assessed six comparisons. 1. Multistrand stainless steel versus superelastic nickel-titanium (NiTi) or thermoelastic NiTi arch wires. Five studies in this group met our criteria for the review. There was insufficient evidence from these studies to determine whether there is a difference in rate of alignment or pain between multistrand (stainless) and superealic (n-type) wires. 2. Conventional NiTi or supelealic wire compared to supelytic wire. Two of the 12 studies included in this review were of high quality, but we judged three of them to be of low or low quality. 3. Conventional NiTi versus sulemic wire. There were three of these studies in the review and it was not clear whether there was a difference between the two types of wire. 4. Conformal and thermoalic wires. There is insufficient data from the 12 included studies to show whether any type of wire is better than any other. 5. Single-strand superellastic wire made of a thin layer of NiTi (covers the tooth) or a thin strip of a thinner layer of the same NiTi) compared to a thin wire (soles). There was only one of these three studies. 6. Superelian wire made from a thin metal plate. There are insufficient results from these 12 studies to say whether one type of wires is better or worse than the other. The quality of the data was low or very low. This means that we are not able to be sure of the results. 7. The evidence is up to date as of
We found one study of 306 people with dementia and an average age of 86 years. The study did not measure any of our main outcomes but did measure behavioural change. This review found that the CMAI was better in the intervention group. There was no difference between groups in terms of the change in the scores on the other scales. There were no differences in NPI or OS change scores by the end of the study. We rated the quality of this study as very low due to high risk of bias and bias in the way it was done.
We found 13 trials with 1316 participants in this review. Eleven trials had a small sample size and short follow-up periods. Nine of the 13 trials compared different topical skin care products, including a combination of products. Nine studies compared different skin care treatments. One of the studies was of low quality. One trial was of high risk of bias due to the small number of participants and short duration of the trials. The other 12 trials were of low to very low quality due to differences in the types of people in the trials and their skin care procedures. The evidence in this update is up to 28 September 2016. We found that the use of a skin cleanser might be more helpful than soap and water. The use of leave-on products (moisturising, skin protectionants, or a treatment) and avoiding soap seems to be more good than withholding these products. The results from the other trials, all being of low or very low- or moderate- or low quality, suggest that applying a left-on skin care treatment might be effective. No trial reported on the third main outcome 'adverse effects' or on side effects. The quality of the evidence was very low to low. The studies were not of high quality. High- or very high-quality studies are needed to confirm the results of this review and to compare the results with those of other trials.
We found seven randomised controlled studies (RCTs) with a total of 333 patients. The trials included in the review were of very low risk of bias and so the results should be viewed with caution. Participants' ages ranged from two years to young adults. The antiviral drugs used were acyclovir (two trials), valomaciclovir (three trials) and valaprofloxacin (one trial). The antivirals in the studies were acedacylovir, valamacil and valacycloviral. Follow-up was from 20 days to six months. Three of the trials were conducted in a hospitalised group, while the other three were in an out-of-hospital group. The studies were of low or very low-risk of bias. We found that there were improvements in the treatment group for two of the 12 outcomes. There was a mean reduction in 'time to recovery' of five days in the group of patients who took antiviral treatment, but this may not be a meaningful result. We also found that two of these 12 outcomes have results that favour treatment over control, but these results may be of low quality and so they may be not be meaningful. In terms of viral shedding, we found that the overall effect from six of the studies was that viral shedding was suppressed while on antiviral treatments, but the effect was not sustained when they stopped. There is a lack of high-quality, high-risk evidence on the use of antiviral medications in the management of IM. We judged the quality of evidence to be very low for all of the outcomes, so we are not able to be sure of these results.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 2250 adults who were randomised to insulin detemir or glargine. Insulin glargines were given once-daily in the evening with the option of an extra dose in the morning in three of the four trials, and twice daily in one. Of the 2250 patients, 13.6% had to have an infusion twice-a-day and the other 13.2% had a dose twice-daily at the end of the trial. The review found that there was no difference in the amount of blood glucose in the blood (hypoglycaemia) between the two treatment groups. There was also no difference between the treatment groups in the number of people who had a low blood glucose level at night or at night and in the range of low blood sugar levels in 24-hour and nocturnal and severe hypoglycaemic profiles. The results showed that there were no differences in overall, noctial and severe blood glucose levels between the intervention groups. However, to achieve the same level of blood blood glucose, insulin glargins were often injected twice daily but with less weight gain, while insulin detems were injected once-day, with a lower dose and a lower number of injections. It was not able to draw conclusions on quality of life, costs or death from any cause.
We found six randomised clinical trials that assessed the effects of SNS for people with incontinence. Six of the six studies were conducted in the US, one in the UK, and one each in Denmark and Sweden. Six studies were carried out in the USA and Sweden, and two in Sweden. In the parallel group trial conducted by Tjandra, 53 participants with severe incontitis in the SNS group experienced fewer episodes of faecal incontitus compared to the control group who did not receive SNS. Adverse events were reported in a proportion of participants: pain at implant site (6%), seroma (2%) and excessive tingling in the vaginal region (9%). In the trial carried out by Thin, 15 participants with FI with SNS in the 'off' and 'on' periods experienced less episodes of FI compared with the percutaneous tibial nerve stimulation (PTNS) group (MD −3.00, 95% confidence interval (CI) −9.15 to −1.25 at 3 months; MD −6.20 to −10.26 at 12 months). Adverse effects were also reported in three participants: mild ipsilateral leg pain (n = 1); and stimulator-site pain following insertion of a neurostimulator (n= 2). In the crossover trial by Leroi, 7 of 34 recruited participants were excluded from the crossover due mainly to complications or immediate failure of the device. Twenty-four of the remaining 27 participants while still blinded chose the time of stimulation they had preferred. Outcomes were reported separately for 19 participants who preferred the 'on’ and five who had preferred the ‘off’ period. For the group of 19, the median (range) episodes of inconturia per week fell from 1.7 (0 to 9) per week to 0.7 per week during the 'offs' and 1.0 per week per week in the
We found two randomised controlled trials (n = 190), at low risk of bias, that compared the two types of molar bands. Both of the studies were well-designed and well-conducted. One of the trials showed that there was less decay of the teeth with molar band cemented with glass ionomer, while the other did not. There were no other adverse events identified.
We identified 66 articles (published between 1988 and 2012) that included 7747 patients with gastric cancer. We collected the data on 7747 participants who were staged with EUS. Overall the quality of the studies was good, although some of them had a high risk of bias. For primary tumor stage, results were stratified by the depth of the gastric wall. We found that EUS might be helpful to guide physicians in the staging of gastric cancers. EUS may be better than other types of EUS in diagnosing T1 to T2 or T3 to T4 (advanced) gastric carcinomies. For T1 versus T2 (superficial) and T1a (mucal) versus T1b (submucosal) cancers, we found that the EUS was more accurate than the other EUS tools. For the diagnosis of T1 or T2 versus T3 (muscle-infltrating) or N-stage (N-stage), we found EUS to be more accurate. The meta-analysis of 50 studies (n = 4397) shows that the accuracy of this tool was better than the others. For diagnosis of both T1 and T2 gastric tumours, we also found that it was more effective than the EUs. However, we could not be sure about the results of the meta-analyses. We identified large differences between studies, which means that we were not able to be sure of the results. We must be aware of the fact that the results were not the same in all studies. We concluded that the overall quality of evidence is good, but we need to be cautious about the differences between the studies.
We found six randomised clinical trials involving 492 participants. The trials compared day-surgery laparoscopy (n = 239) with overnight surgery for gallstones to see if there was a difference in the risk of death. The number of people in each trial ranged from 28 to 150. The mean or median age in the trials ranged from 40 to 47 years. The percentage of women in the studies ranged from 74% to 84%. With regards to death, only one of the six trials reported short-term deaths. The trial stated that there were no deaths in either of the groups. We inferred from the other outcomes that there was no death in the remaining trials. Long-term mortality was not reported in any of the trials. There was no clear evidence that day surgery is as safe as overnight surgery in laparoscopic cholecystectomy. Day surgery does not seem to result in an improvement in any patient-oriented outcomes such as return to normal activity or earlier return to work. More randomised trials are needed to assess the effect of day surgery on the quality of life as well as other outcomes of patients.
We found eight studies, including 2488 participants, including 415 more people than the previous version of this review. Four of the studies used high-concentration capsaicin, and six used a placebo (sugar pill). The other six used placebo as an 'active' (fake) treatment. Two of the eight studies were small, and the other six were large. We judged all eight studies at high risk of bias, due to small size. Two studies used a 'placebo' control group, which means that participants did not know which treatment group they were in. We found that the amount of pain that was reduced with the use of a high-dose of the active medicine, or a low dose, was about 10% more than with a placebo. At both 8 and 12 weeks, about 10 more people with postherpous pain reported that their pain was much or very much improved with the high dose of the drug, and at least 50% with the low dose. For painful HIV-neuropathy, we found four studies (1272 people). About 10 more patients (10%) had pain of at least 30% and about 10 fewer (1 in 10) more people (0%) with the 'fake' medicine, and 1 in 10 more with the placebo. For pain in people with low-back pain, we also found one small study (46 people) that did not show a difference in pain reduction (very low-risk of bias) between the two groups. For people with pain in the legs, we did not find a difference between the groups. No deaths were found to be related to the medicine. We rated the quality of evidence for most outcomes as very low or moderate. The quality of the evidence was downgraded due to a lack of data, imprecision, and risk of publication bias.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 6343 participants that met our criteria. As the trials differed in the types of stenosis of carotid stenosis and in the definition of stroke, we pooled the data from all three of the three RCTs. We found that the risk of having a stroke in people with less than 30% stenosis, and those with 50% to 69% stenose, was higher in those who had surgery. We also found that surgery was of some effect in people who had stenosis in both legs of the heart. We did not find that surgery had an impact on risk of stroke in those with stenosis on both legs. The risk of a stroke was the same in all three trials, but there were no differences in the risk in the treatment groups. We rated the quality of the evidence from the three trials using the GRADE approach, which means that we are very satisfied with the results. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2018.
We found one randomised controlled trial (RCT) with a total of 60 patients. The patients were randomised to one of the two types of surgery. The surgery was done in the frame of an operation for: rectal cancer (37/60), ulcerative colitis (14/60) and other (2/60). Only one RCT met the criteria for the review. The study did not measure other stoma--related events or mortality, but did measure the effect of one method of stoma formation. Ten non-randomized studies, with a number of 864 patients, met the inclusion criteria. The results of these 10 non-clinical studies were inconclusive. The review found that there is still a lack of evidence on the best method for stoma growth in the stoma. The quality of evidence was low, moderate, low, and very low. The studies did not have a high risk of bias, which means that we do not know if one method was better or worse than the other. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2018.
We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of supportive therapy on people with Alzheimer's disease. We found 24 studies with 2126 people. Four new trials were added after the 2012 search. Overall, the quality of evidence was very low, which means that we cannot be sure of the results. The review found that there were no clear differences in the effect of supportive treatment on the number of people who had to go to the hospital, the rate of relapses, the time spent in hospital, or the improvement in mental health. There were, in fact, some benefits for other psychosocial treatments, such as psychotherapy, but these were based on a few small studies. There was a lack of data to show whether or not there was a difference in effect between supportive treatment and standard care. There is a need for more high quality, well-conducted trials that use supportive therapy as the main treatment arm, rather than the comparator.
We found 11 randomised studies, with a total of 949 people with cancer pain lasting one week or longer. Eight studies were double-blind, two single-blinded, and one open-label. None had a placebo only control; eight compared the use of NSAIDs as a group with other drugs, or one NSAID with the same dose of NSAID, or both NSAID and NSAID. Eight of the 11 studies were small, and none were of high quality. It was not clear whether NSAIDs were better or worse than other drugs in the three steps of the three-step cancer pain ladder. NSAIDs can be used to treat cancer pain, but we judged the results for all of these outcomes as very low quality. There was no high-risk of bias in any of the studies. Withdrawals were common, most because of lack of effect (24%) or adverse events (5%). There is very low-quality, low- or low quality, evidence that NSAIDs alone or in combination with painkillers can improve the pain of some people with moderate or severe cancer pain in one or two weeks. There were 22 deaths, but these were not clearly linked to NSAIDs, so we could not be sure if these were linked to any painkillers. Adverse events were more common with NSAIDs than with NSAID alone (15%), loss of appetite (14%), and somnolence (11%).
We identified one study (with a very low risk of bias) and the other one (unclear risk of biases) with a small number of people. The evidence is up to date as of July 2014. The first study (involving 253 participants) showed that tinzaparin, a low-molecular-weight heparin, was more effective than placebo in relieving the pain of people with sickle cell disease. The mean difference in duration of painful crises was -1.78 days shorter in favour of the tiniaparin group than in the placebo group, and -4.98 days less in the group treated with placebo. Two minor bleeding events were reported as adverse events in the tinnaparin treatment group and none were reported in the control group. The second study (conducted at a conference) was a conference abstract with limited data and addressed one of the predefined outcomes of the review; i.e. pain intensity. After one day pain intensity reduced more in the dalteparin group, as assessed on a visual analogue scale, than in participants in the treatment group, with a mean difference of -2.30 (95% of the mean). The quality of evidence was very low due to the small amount of data and imprecision (due to low number of events) of the results. Based on the results of this one study, we are not able to conclude whether or not there is evidence to support or refute the use of these types of heparins in the management of pain in people with a severe form of the disease. More research is required to confirm or refute these findings.
We did not find any trials that compared anticoagulant drugs with other drugs, so there is no evidence to support their use for the treatment of heart dissection. There were also no trials that looked at the use of these drugs in the control group. There was a lack of data from non-randomised trials, so we were not able to draw any conclusions about the effects of these treatments.
We identified 26 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) (2066 patients) that met our inclusion criteria. We grouped results according to wound type, and silver preparation. We found that there was not enough evidence to be sure that the use of silver-containing dressers or dressers with silver sulphadiazine cream (in a range of formulae) or other agents, such as a silver-coated gauze (SSD) cream, improved wound wound healing. There was some evidence that silver-based dressers may be better than non-silver dressers, but not all trials found this. Six of 26 RCTs found that the silver-related dressing was no more effective than the non-active dresser, but that it was better than a non-medication-based dressing. Only one of 26 trials found that a silver dressing was better at healing wounds than a dresser. There is not enough information to be certain whether these dressers and dressers help wounds heal or not; some evidence for SSD suggests the opposite.
We found 12 studies with 3571 adult adults with VAP. All 12 studies examined the use of one treatment versus the other for the treatment of VAP, but the type of drug regimens studied by each study varied. All but one of the 12 studies had a source of funding or authors had an interest in the results. We found that carbapenems may be better than non-carbapenem antibiotics at curing VAP in the clinical setting. We did not find a difference in all-cause mortality, death from any cause, and length of stay in ICU. We also did not see a difference between combination and non-drug therapy for the number of deaths, deaths from all causes, or deaths due to any cause. However, we did find that people who were treated with a class of antibiotics (carpathics) such as carbapens may be more likely to be cured than people who received non-antibiotics such as tigecycline or imipenem-cilastatin. We rated the quality of evidence for mortality, mortality, and adverse events to be moderate for this comparison. We downgraded the evidence for adverse events and death from all cause to very low due to a lack of data.
This is an update of a review published in 2004. We searched for studies published up to May 2014. We found 29 studies (12 were controlled) that looked at 11 drug classes for restriction. Participants were most often elderly or low income adult populations, or both, in public-funded drug programs. These were people who were able to use the drugs they were eligible for and those who were not. We found that the impact of policies on drug use varied by drug class and whether restrictions were implemented or relaxed. When policies targeted gastric-acid suppressant and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug classes, people used their drugs more often and for up to two years afterwards, with no increase in the use of other health services (6 studies). Targeting first-line drugs (antipsychotic drugs) increased treatment discontinuity and the use on other health care, but did not decrease overall drug costs (2 studies). Relaxing restrictions for the use and use of drugs used for prevention of drug misuse (antihypertensives and statins) increased appropriate use and decreased the amount of drugs spent on these drugs (6 and 12 studies). When policies aimed at other drugs (e.g. second- and third-line medications) reduced the amount spent on drugs, it did not reduce the amount used on these medicines (6 or 12 studies), but it did reduce the number of people who stopped taking them (2 or 12 of the 29 studies). The effects of these policies on health outcomes were not clear.
Nineteen studies met the criteria for inclusion in the review with data from 4232 participants. The studies reported a wide range of interventions, study populations, outcomes and outcome measures. We summarised the results of the studies by classing them in a meta-analysis. We found that there was not enough evidence to be able to say whether any one-to-one OHA approach is better or worse than any other. There was very low-risk of bias in some of the trials. The quality of the evidence was low or very low.
We found five small randomised trials that compared oral steroids with placebo (sugar tablets) or no treatment. One trial (40 participants) of oral steroids versus no treatment; one trial (28 people) of steroid injections with or without oral steroids; and one study (32 patients) of surgery and steroids with or with or alone. One of the five small trials was of high risk of bias due to a lack of data. The other three trials used different comparators. Two trials (30 and 49 people) reported a short-term improvement in pain, range of movement of the shoulder and pain, but the effect may be short term and may not be maintained. One small trial (30 people) showed that oral steroids may be more effective than placebo in the short term. However, the effect was not maintained after 6 weeks. A second study (40 people) did not show a difference in pain or range of movements. A third (32 people) trial (10 people) found a short term effect of oral steroid treatment on pain and range of motion of the arm, but it did not last long. There were no serious side effects of the treatment. We rated the quality of the evidence from the five trials as low or very low quality. The evidence is up to date as of May 2013.
We identified three randomised, placebo-controlled trials with a total of 50 participants. All three trials compared rTMS with sham TMS. All the studies were of poor quality and were insufficiently homogeneous to allow the pooling of results. Moreover, the high rate of attrition from the three trials and the high risk of bias of the trials made it more likely that they would be biased. One of the three studies did not report any adverse events. There is not yet enough evidence to draw conclusions about the use of rTsMS in the treatment of ALS. More studies may be helpful if their use is weighed up against the impact of this treatment on people with ALS. However, in view of the small size of the studies and the low quality of the data, we cannot be sure whether rTsMs are safe.
We identified 10 randomised controlled trials (with a total of 1049 people) of moderate to high risk of bias. All 10 trials compared corticosteroids with a placebo (sugar pill) or with no treatment, or with each other. In one of the 10 trials, the corticostimulant prednisolone was added to the prednisone. In the other trials, both corticoids were used in the same way. The trials were small, with a mean age of 59 years, and the mean duration of follow-up ranged from one month to six months. All of the trials were of low or very low quality, and none had a placebo group. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2014. The studies were of moderate quality, but the studies were small and of low quality. The most common adverse events were nausea, vomiting, diarrhoea, headache, headache and tiredness. The corticoid prednisole, azathioprine or mycophenolate mofetil or tetracycline or nicotinamide were effective and safe treatments for BP in the short term, but their use in the long term may be limited by side-effects and practical factors. The use of corticotropin-like drugs in the treatment of BP is safe and effective in people with low blood pressure and moderate blood pressure, but they are not safe or effective in high blood pressure or high blood pressures. Milder regimens (using lower doses of steroids) are safe and well-tolerated.
Seventy-five randomised trials, with 7957 participants, met the criteria for the review. Seventy-one herbal medicines were tested in the trials. Herbal medicines were compared with no herbal medicine, with or with a placebo, or with other treatments. Herbs were also used as a treatment in nine of the trials, and six herbal medicines showed an effect from the use of herbal medicines in combination with a medicine. Some herbal medicines may improve the symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome. However, these findings should be interpreted with caution due to the small number of trials and the lack of data. Some of the herbal medicine trials were of low quality, which means that their results may not be valid.
We found 22 randomised trials that evaluated the use of levonorgestrel, LNG, and other hormonal drugs on a routine basis to prevent pregnancy. The trials included 12,400 women from Europe, Asia, and the US. The drugs and dose of LNG were evaluated in 11 studies, and LNG in other drugs or doses other than LNG (4 trials). Outcomes were the rate of pregnancy, the number of women who stopped taking the drug, and side effect rates. The LNG regimens evaluated were LNG 0.75 mg (11 studies), LNG 1.0 mg (4 studies), and other drugs and doses of the drug (7 trials). The studies showed that pericoital LNG was effective and safe. Most women liked the LNG method in spite of frequent changes in the amount of blood in the urine. However, the studies did not show a clear effect of the method on bleeding. Other hormonal drugs appeared promising but most of them were not studied extensively. Menstrual and non-menstrual side effects were reported in most of the studies. Rigorous research is still needed to confirm the effect and safety of pericoithal LNG as a first-line method of contraception for infrequent intercourse. If the method is shown to be efficacious, safe and acceptable, the results may warrant a change of the current World Health Organization (WHO) guidelines and marketing strategies.
We found 15 randomised studies that met our inclusion criteria. The 15 studies were conducted in Europe, India, China, South Korea and the USA. Ten studies with 407 and 390 patients compared surgery with conventional anchorage for the main outcome of the review. The age range of patients was often restricted to adolescents or young adults, but two studies were from a much wider range (12 to 54 years). Eight of the 15 trials were of high risk of bias, six were of unclear bias, and one was at low risk. The studies were all conducted in hospitals in the USA, and seven were of low or low quality. We found that surgery was more effective in the re-inforcement of the dentures (e.g. the teeth) than the use of a fixed-top clamp. There was no evidence to suggest that any one type of surgery was better than another. There were no data on harms of surgery, and there were no studies that looked at side effects. There is a lack of evidence to show that one method of anchorage is better than the other.
We found 50 studies (45,285 participants) that compared the effects of these drugs with no drugs or with a 'diet' or 'fake' drug, or both. We were able to pool data from 38 studies (37,274 people) that met our inclusion criteria. The risk of bias in the included studies was high. We found that people with CKD who were not yet on dialysis who took these drugs had a 20% lower risk of death, all-cause death, and death from any cause. We also found that these drugs reduced the risk of heart attacks and stroke by 20% in people who had not yet had a heart attack. Statins had no effect on death or death from heart disease. We did not have enough data to be able to say whether these drugs have an effect on risk of stroke or death. We could not be sure whether they had an impact on the rate of death from all cause, death from a cause, or death due to heart disease in CKD. We are not sure whether the drugs had an influence on progression of CKD because we could not tell from the data. We do know that people who take these drugs are less likely to have a heart event or death, but we can not be certain about this due to lack of evidence. We cannot be sure about the harms from the drugs because we did not find enough data.
We identified 24,704 citations from our database search. Nine trials with 379 adults with cystic fibroids and adults with cerebral palsy and osteogenic imperfecta in the other four. Participants across the studies ranged in age from 2 to 19 years. All of the studies, apart from one, were conducted in the same way as the others. The studies evaluated the use of drugs to treat pain in adults with CYP with LLCs. The trials evaluated pain in people with CP, OI or both. The drugs used for pain were all adjuvants (drugs that are added to painkillers) and not all were commonly used drugs in children and adults. Overall the trials were mixed. For pain in CP and OI, we found that pain was a secondary outcome in five of the eight studies. For the two ITB trials, both found an effect on pain favouring the treatment group. The trial on CP and the BoNT-A trial found no difference in pain between the two groups. At follow-up in both BoNT A and ITB, there was no evidence of a change in pain for the control group. In both of these two trials there were some side events in those who had received the drug and these mostly involved seizures. The study on OI found that the drug bisphosphonate did not make a difference to pain in this group. No trials were found that evaluated other drugs that are commonly used as painkillers for pain. The one study on pamidronate found no effect of the drug on pain compared to the group that did not have pain. No side events were found in this trial. Only one study with over 100 people took place. In this trial there were eight side events, most of which were related to the procedure or device for giving the drug, such as swelling at the pump. In one of the OI trials there was one side event in the group who received alendronate
We found seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1697 participants. Three trials involving 1243 patients were included in analyses of effects of the drug on cognition, and four RCTs with 1034 patients were found. No data were reported from the seventh trial. The studies were of low to high quality. We judged five trials to be at high risk of bias due to bias in the way they were done and reported. Three of the studies were small and there was a high risk that they were biased. There was no evidence that the drug had an effect on cognition or function in AD. However, there was some evidence of a very small effect on the neuropsychiatric questionnaire (NPI), which is a tool used to assess the brain's ability to think and function. We found that there was no difference in the rate of adverse events (adverse events) or dropouts due to adverse events. The quality of evidence was low or very low due to the small size of the trials, imprecision of the results and inconsistency in the results. We considered the evidence to be of low quality.
We identified seven randomised controlled trials (involving 735 people) that compared RIC with a control group (non-RIC) on the prevention of ischaemic stroke. We found that RIC may reduce the risk of recurrent stroke in people with a blockage of the artery that carries blood to the brain and in people who have a blocked artery. RIC treatment may also reduce the rate of stroke in patients with a narrowing of the heart. We did not find a clear difference between RIC and non-RIC for reducing the number of people who had a stroke. The risk of stroke was also reduced by RIC, but we could not be sure of this due to the low quality of the evidence. We also found that people with stroke who are treated with RIC were more likely to have a stroke than people who are not. We could not tell if RIC was better or worse than non-IC. We judged the quality of evidence to be low for risk of bias and high for other sources of bias.
We found six randomised studies, including 204 preterm infants, that met our criteria for the review. We found low-quality data on short-term growth, growth in weight, length, and head. There was no clear difference in rate of growth of skin fold thickness. There were no data on outcomes after the babies left the study. However, there was low- or very low- quality data on length, growth of the skin, and growth in the blood of the baby. We did not find any data on the effects of this intervention on length of time spent in hospital, or on growth and weight gain. We also did not have data on long-term changes in growth, body mass index, weight gain, brain growth, or development. The quality of the evidence was low to very low. The studies were small and of low quality, which means that we could not be sure about the results.
We found 45 randomised controlled studies (RCTs and ITS) comparing PEMs with no PEM or with other types of PEM. The results of this review suggest that when used alone and with PEM, PEM may have a small effect on the quality of work. There is not a lot of data on the effect of Pems on the health of patients, and we could not be sure whether they have an impact on patients.
This is an overview of 23 RCTs that assessed the effects of a range of health-care programmes that aimed to reduce STI transmission. Most were conducted in the USA, in health care clinics (e.g. family planning) and in schools. The majority of interventions provided information about STIs and taught safer sex skills. They were heterogeneous in duration, contact time, provider, behaviours and outcomes. A variety of STIs were addressed, but none of the trials explicitly mentioned HPV or cervical cancer prevention. Behavioural programmes that aim to change behaviour to reduce the risk of STI infection can be effective, but they are based on the use of condoms. There were no studies that looked at the impact of these programmes on abstaining from sex or reducing sex. There was a lack of data on the effect of these programs on rates of HPV and risk of cancer in the long-term. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found twenty studies with 2337 participants in this review. Nineteen of the studies compared brief psychoeducation with routine care or conventional care. One study compared brief psychosocial training with a form of cognitive behavior therapy. Participants in the short term were less likely to be non-compliant with their medication than those in the group that did not have brief psychoeducations, but not in the long term. In the medium term, people in the brief training group were more likely to take their medication, and were less prone to relapsing. There was no effect on the death rate in the two groups. There were no differences found between the groups in quality of life, nor in the risk of death. We found that brief training of any form was more effective than the usual care, and that it was more helpful than usual care alone. The short- and long-term effects of brief training were not clear. There is a need for more high- and high-quality research in this area, so that we can be sure of the effects of this type of training. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low to very low. This was mainly due to the small number of studies that we found, and to the fact that most studies were of low quality.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) including 9839 participants. Most of the studies were sponsored by the drug companies that made the drug. Five RCTs were funded by a drug company, one by a non-drug company, and three by a pharmaceutical company. The mean age of participants ranged from 71.5 years to 74.6 years, and the mean duration of follow-up ranged from 6 to 52 weeks. Most studies included people with moderate to severe COPD, without recent flare-ups of COPD. One RCT that was sponsored by a large drug company was the largest study and accounted for 37% of the total number of participants. All but one of the 11 trials were sponsored, and all but one had a high risk of 'other bias', which means that their results may be at risk of bias because of the way they were carried out. The results of this review suggest that LAMA+LABA has fewer exacerbations, a larger improvement of lung function tests, a lower risk of pneumonia, and a greater improvement in quality of life as measured by an increase over 4 points or more of the St. George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) total score change from the start of the trial. The quality of the evidence was low or moderate for most of the outcomes.
We found three studies with 91 children aged between 6 months and 4 years. The studies were conducted in the USA (two) and Spain (one) and included 91 children with mild croup (one). All three of the studies compared heliox with 30% humidified oxygen or no treatment. Heliox was administered as a mix of 70% heliox and 30% oxygen. The trials were small and had a high risk of bias, which means that we cannot be sure of the results. We assessed the evidence for all outcomes in this review as low or very low quality. We found that heliox may not be more effective than 30% of normal airway pressure, but may be better in the short term (at 60 and 90 minutes) for children with moderate to severe croup. There may be little or no difference between the two groups in other measures of croup, such as lung rate and heart rate, but there may be no difference in the rate of admission to the hospital. We could not pool the data from all three studies, so we assessed the results from only one of the three studies. We rated the quality of the evidence as low due to imprecision and high due to an open-label design.
We found eight studies set in primary care (four), secondary care (one) and tertiary care (three) that looked at the use of red flags to screen for vertebral fracture in patients with low-back pain. Overall, the risk of bias of these eight studies was high with high risk of selection and verification bias the main flaws. The findings of the review show that there were 29 groups of index tests (red flags) that could be used to test for vertebrae fracture in people with low back pain. There were three red flag tests in the primary care group that appeared to be helpful but most of these tests were imprecise. One red flag in the secondary care group was more accurate than the others. The results of a combined red flag test (combinations of three red flags) were more helpful than those of individual red flags. However, the results of the combined tests were not as good as those from the different red flag groups. Based on the findings of this review, we would not be able to say whether one red flag is better or worse than any of the other. It should be noted that most red flags have a high false positive rate; and if acted upon, it would have an impact on the cost of care and outcomes of patients with LBP.
We searched for randomised clinical trials of men with urethral stricture. We found one trial comparing surgery and surgery alone. The trial was small with 210 adult men. There was insufficient data to be able to determine which treatment was best in terms of side effects and costs. Two studies were found that compared surgery and urethroplasty in 50 men who had a pelvic fracture. One of the two studies was too small to be sure of the effect size. Both of the studies were small and there were too few data to tell us which was the best treatment. Well designed, large, well-conducted trials are needed to answer the question of which is best to treat men with strictures in the urethra.
We found six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1211 children and adults. Four RCTs included in the meta-analysis (1204 participants) and one RCT (1055 patients) included two preschool children. The trials were of high quality. The four paediatric and adult trials (12 to 52 weeks) and the two adult trials, with a combined 12 to 52 week duration, had a high risk of bias. There was no difference in the risk of patients with a flare-up of their asthma. There were no differences in the use of corticosteroids or in the rate of severe adverse events. In the four trials (two involving preschoolers and two school-aged children) that compared intermittent and daily ICS treatment, there was a modest growth suppression of the airway, but this did not seem to have an effect on lung growth. There is a need for more research on this topic. The evidence was of low or very low quality. This means that we are not able to conclude whether or not these treatments are better or worse than each other.
We identified 17 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 1639 people with CKD. Eleven studies (900 people) assessed dietary counselling with or without lifestyle advice and six studies (739 people) evaluated dietary patterns. Eleven RCTs compared dietary interventions with or with a control diet and 10 studies (1130 people) looked at dietary changes. Participants were followed up for a mean of 12 months. Three of the 17 studies enrolled 341 people who were treated with dialysis, four included 168 people who had kidney transplants, and 10 were of people who received a transplant kidney. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2015. The studies were generally of low or very low quality, which means that we are very uncertain about the effects of dietary interventions on death from any cause, heart attacks or strokes, and on the risk of dying from heart disease or stroke. We found that dietary interventions may improve health-related quality of life, glucose levels in the blood (glomerular filtration rate) and blood lipids (e.g. lipids) and serum albumin (a type of albumin) and may lower blood pressure and cholesterol levels, but we were not able to draw conclusions about the effect of dietary intervention on mortality, heart events and risk of death or stroke as these outcomes were rarely measured or reported. The quality of the evidence was very low or low, which meant that we were very unsure about the results.
We found one study (156 children aged between seven weeks and 24 months with bronchiolitis) that met the criteria for this review. Participants were divided into three groups. The participants were randomised to one of three treatment groups. These were nebulised salbutamol, nebulising saline, or mist in a tent. The results showed that nebuliseamol was more effective than saline and mist in the tent in reducing the RDS score. The study did not report on side effects of the treatments. We conclude that there is a lack of evidence to support the use of mist or steam inhalation in children up to three years old.
We identified four randomised controlled studies (1154 adults, age range 50 to 90 years). All participants had a diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease and most were on a cholinease inhibitor. The studies were of low risk of bias. The primary outcome in all studies was change in Alzheimer's Disease Assessment (Cog) scores from the start of treatment. When we pooled the data, there was no benefit from the use of statins on the Cog. There was no difference between the statin and placebo groups. There were no differences in the change in the Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE). There was also no difference in the effect of the treatment on changes in behaviour, global function or activities of daily living. Three of the four studies reported on side effects of the drugs. We found no studies that looked at the role of statin treatment in the treatment of VaD.
Four studies with 149 adults and children with Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A or Duchenne muscular dystrophy were found. Two of the studies assessed the effect of night splinting in 26 children and adults. There were no differences in the effects of night or day splints. One study assessed the use of prednisone at 0.75 mg/kg/day. While a daily dose of pre-doubling of the daily dose was better than a placebo dose, there was no effect on the length of the ankle range of motion. One of the trials assessed surgery in 20 boys with achilles pain. Surgery resulted in an improved range of movement of the leg at 12 months but the boys in the surgery group did not have an improvement in their range of action. By 24 months, these boys had a relapse of their achille tendon injuries. There is no evidence from this review that there is a benefit from any type of intervention for increasing the range of range of pain in the leg of the foot in these patients.
The review of 25 randomised trials (5218 women) found that the first stage of labour was one hour and 22 minutes shorter for women who were upright compared with recumbent or bed-like positions. The first stage was also one hour shorter for those who were in the upright position. The risk of caesarean birth, the need for an epidural, and babies of mothers who were standing were less likely to be in hospital. Babies of women who chose the upright or ambulant (walking) position were less than those of those who took the bed-type position. There were no effects on the time spent in labour, or on the well-being of mothers and babies. The review found that there is clear and clear evidence that women in low-risk labour should be aware of the benefits of the upright and upright positions, and that they should be guided and assisted to choose the one they choose. There is a need for more trials to be done in this area.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs), but only two of them had a follow-up of six months or more, which was the minimum amount of time that we needed for this review. The first of the three RCTs was of low or very low risk of bias. The other study was of high quality. The second trial that met our requirements involved 55 people with TOS in the 'disputed type' of TOS and the first compared transaxial first rib resection with supraclavoid surgery. TFRR was better than SNBP. There were no side effects in either group. The trial had a high risk of systematic bias. There was no evidence from the trial that BTX was any better or worse than saline, but BTX did not seem to be any better than saline. There is very low quality evidence to suggest that transaxillofibromide, a synthetic muscle graft, is better than no treatment in terms of pain, but there is no evidence that it is any more effective than saline injections. We found that there is a need for more high quality trials that compare treatments with each other and with no treatment.
Twenty-one trials involving 884 people were included in this review. A hand brace improved symptoms after four weeks and function after six months. Four trials involving 193 people compared oral medications (steroids, diuretics, nonsteroidal drugs) versus placebo. One of the four trials (63 people) showed a short-term benefit of oral steroid treatment. In one trial (50 people) steroid and insulin injections were shown to be better than steroid and placebo injections. In two trials (50 patients) vitamin B6 was not better than no treatment. One trial (51 patients) showed an improvement in pain after eight weeks of yoga. In the other trial (21 people) carpal bone mobilising was found to be effective. Two trials (105 people) looked at ergonomic keyboards and found that they did not show an effect. One study (21 participants) found that a hand brace reduced pain after three weeks compared to no intervention. In four studies (193 people) oral steroid and diuretic drugs did not seem to have an effect on pain. In three studies (50 participants) the use of a non-steroidal drug (vitamins B6) did not improve pain. The other non-surgent treatments were not shown to have a long-lasting effect. More trials are needed to assess the long-term effects of these non-surgery treatments and to compare them to each other.
We found two randomised studies that enrolled a total of 708 people with CRVO-ME. One study compared steroid injections with no treatment and the other compared dexamethasone implants with sham injections. Both of the studies were small with a high risk of bias due to a lack of data. We found that the corticosteroid injections did not lead to an improvement in the vision of the eye. However, the steroid injections were five times more likely to have an increase of 15 letters or more in the visual acuity of the visual field compared with those who did not take the injections. The steroid injections did, on the other hand, lead to more adverse events. Adverse events were more frequent with IVS treatment compared with no intervention. We graded the quality of the data as low due to the low number of people in the two studies and imprecision of the results.
We found six randomised clinical trials involving a total of 394 patients. Five of the six trials showed that intranasal steroids may be helpful in improving nasal obstructions in children with nasal hypertrophy. The first trial showed that the first eight-week cross-over (cross-over) treatment with beclomethasone (336 mcg/day) resulted in a greater reduction in mean symptom scores than placebo (18.5 versus 8.5 points). The first four-week study showed that treatment with mometasone (100 mcg) for 40 days showed an improvement in nasal obstructions and a decrease in adenoid size. The second trial showed a greater decrease in the Nasal Obstruction Index in 38% of patients treated with a corticosteroid (400 mcg per day) between week 0 and week 2, and in none of the children treated with placebo. The third trial did not find a difference in the nasal obstruction score nor in the size of the adenoids. The fourth trial did show that eight weeks of flunisolide (500 mcg a day) was more effective than isotone (a non-steroidal treatment). The fifth trial demonstrated that flutisolide and fluticasone were better than normal saline. The fifth study did not show a change in the number of patients who had an adverse event. In the fourth trial, 77.7% of children were treated with flutamine (100 mg/day), and 76% of the patients with a steroid (flutamine) were given flutamide. The sixth trial was not able to show a difference between the corticostomy group and the placebo group. The results of this review are based on six trials with 394 participants. The evidence is up to date as of May 2014.
We found one small randomised trial (involving 24 women) that compared the use of an epidural block with the other drugs used in this review. This study was a single-centre, low-risk trial conducted in Mexico. The study was at low risk of bias in three aspects, but was assessed to be at a high risk due to lack of blinding of women and staff, and unclear for the way in which it was done. This means that we cannot be sure of the results. This trial did not assess any of this review's key outcomes. For the mother, these were: death of the mother or up to 42 days of pregnancy, or death in the first week of life, stillbirths (death in utero), perinatal deaths plus deaths in the newborn), death before or after birth, deaths after the first 28 days, preterm birth (the birth before 37 completed weeks' gestation), and side effects. The baby, these included: death: stillbirth (birth before birth), stillbirth, stillborn, death after birth (birth, birth before 20 weeks' birth), death in uterectomy, death before birth or birth before birth, death at birth, and death before discharge from hospital. The evidence is current to August 2015. The review found that there is not enough evidence from randomised controlled trials to show that the use or use of epidural therapy for treating severe pre-eclampsia in non-labour women. Thus, there is a need for high-quality randomised trials to assess whether epidural drugs can be used to treat pre-Eclampsias in nonlabours. There is a lack of evidence to show whether the lowering of vasomotor tone by epidural treatment results in better outcomes for the mother and the baby and for how long that could be maintained. The quality of the evidence was assessed as high due to the small size of the trial and the lack of
We found 16 randomised clinical trials (one of which was an abstract) that met our criteria. Fifteen of the 16 trials provided data for analysis (927 people received glucocorticosteroids and 934 did not) and the other 15 trials did not. The 15 trials were small, with a mean age of 25 to 70 years, and 65% were men. Follow-up was up to the time of discharge from the hospital, or for at least one year. The studies were small and at high risk of bias, so we could not be sure whether they were well-run or well-planned. There was no difference in the number of deaths or serious side-effects of the treatment. There were no data on quality of life, and there was very low-certainty evidence that there was no benefit or harm of the intervention on all-cause death or on health-based outcomes. There is a need for large, well-conducted randomised trials to be done to assess the effects of this drug.
We found four randomised controlled studies (RCTs) involving 245 adults who had had a stroke. The studies were conducted with people who were relatively young and the time after stroke was varied. The four RCTs included in this review were small, with a low risk of bias, and there was a high/unclear risk of a bias in some aspects of the studies. We found that there was no clear evidence that the use of a driving simulator may be helpful in improving on-road driving skills after stroke. There was some evidence that a training programme that used a driving simulation may be more effective than no training, but this was based on one study with 73 adults. There were no clear effects of the training programme on vision, other cognitive skills, or on driving behaviour. We were not able to draw any conclusions about the effect of the intervention on the effects on vision and other aspects of cognition, such as the speed of the eye, and on the effect on driving skills. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found eight studies with a total of 582 adult adults with COPD. The mean ages of study participants ranged from 65 to 73 years, and the proportion of male patients varied (58% to 84%) and COPD was classified as severe or very severe. Corticosteroid treatment was given at a dose of 30 mg in four, and tapered in one. Five of the studies were done in hospitals, and one was done in the home. The duration of corticostimulant treatment was three to seven days for short-dose and 10 to 15 days for longer dose. The average age of people in the five studies ranged from 68 to 73 and the mean age of the people who took part in the studies was between 65 and 73 years. We found that corticosteroids given for around five days are likely to be sufficient for the treatment of adults with acute exacerbations of COPD, and that shorter courses (around five days) lead to worse outcomes than are seen with longer (10 to 14 days) courses. We did not find a difference between short- and longer-duration corticotriptyline treatment in terms of the number of people who had a new flare-up (a new event) and the time to the next exacerbation. We graded most of the evidence as moderate in quality because of imprecision; further research may have an important impact on our confidence in the estimates of effect or may change the estimates.
We found one randomised controlled trial (RCT) with 13 people with bone cancer and MDS. The one RCT was only published as an abstract and contained only 13 participants. The trial was not large enough to be sure that there was a difference in the risk of death from any cause. There were no deaths due to anaemia- or iron-related complications (cardiac, heart, or blood) and there was no evidence that transfusions of red blood cell transfusions were better or worse for patients. The study did not report on mortality due to blood loss, death due to bleeding/infection/transfusion reactions, iron overload, quality of life, frequency and length of stay in hospital, or serious infections (requiring admission to the hospital). This review found that there is a lack of high-quality, well-conducted, randomised trials to assess the best transfusion approach for bone cell transfusion in people with MDS and bone cancer.
The search strategy identified a total of 2079 relevant citations. Out of 84 eligible citations, we found two studies that met the inclusion criteria. The first study used a game based on the TV game show "Family Feud". The study did not assess any patients or process of care. The group that was randomized to the game had higher scores on the knowledge test. The second study compared a game-based learning strategy (Snakes and Ladders) with a more traditional case-based method of learning. The effect on knowledge was not found to be different between the two groups. The participants of the study were more satisfied with the game than those in the control group. There is a need for more high-quality research to explore the impact of these games.
We found eight randomised trials involving 475 people with unipolar affective disorder. Two of the eight trials included a mixed group of people with bipolar or unipolar, so we could not be sure of the effects of lithium or antidepressant drugs in the long-term. There was some low-quality data on the effect of lithium and antidepressant drugs on relapse. There were no clear differences between lithium and antidepressants in terms of adverse events (side-effects) and the number of people who dropped out of the trial due to side-effects. There is a need for large-scale, long-lasting randomised studies in un-selected groups of patients with un-manic depression.
The authors of this review found that the amifostine has no effect on the salivary glands of the thyroid gland in high-dose and low dose radioactive iodine-treated patients with hypothyroidism. This review included two trials with 130 participants. Both studies had a low risk of bias. Both of the studies were well-conducted. The results from one of the two studies showed that the treatment did not have an effect on xerostomies or xerotomies. There were no major adverse effects of the treatment. Two people in one study had to be treated by the removal of the infusion and volume substitution. Both patients were able to recover from the treatment and both of them recovered. No adverse events were found in the study. None of the trials looked at death from any cause, morbidity, health- and costs. Therefore, the authors of the review suggest that more trials are needed to guide treatment choice in this area.
We found three studies involving 45 children aged between 29 months and six years with Down syndrome. One of the studies was funded by a grant from the hospital in the USA, and the others by grants from the US and the USA. Two of the three studies compared a parent-mediated plus clinician-mediated intervention (where the parent and clinician had a role in the treatment) with a clinician's intervention alone. The third study compared a home-based or clinic-based intervention with a home visit. The duration of treatment ranged from 12 weeks to six months. The three studies used a range of interventions, which meant that we were not able to combine the data from all three. One study provided nine group and four home visits over a 13-week study. The other study provided one 2- to 3-hour group session, followed by bi-weekly, or weekly, or bi-weekly, or once-weekly home- based sessions, for 12 weeks. We judged all three studies to be at high risk of bias in the way they were designed, which means that we cannot be sure of the results. We found that all three study designs and outcomes used to assess the effects of the treatments were of low quality. The findings from the three included studies were inconsistent. Two studies found no clear evidence that there was a difference between the groups of parents who received the intervention and those who did not. One trial found that parents in the intervention group could use more words or words or phrases to target their children with language targets, but this was not maintained 12 months later. No study found evidence of language loss in either group, while one study found positive results on children’s social skills in the parents’ group. One found that mothers in the control group were more likely to visit the group sessions and were more often in the home visits. No trial found any differences in the amount of stress that the parents of the parents had up to 12 months post
We found two trials from 1987 and 2004 with 148 adults who have had heart valve surgery. Both studies had a high risk of bias, which means that their results may have been biased. We did not have sufficient data to assess the impact of the intervention on mortality and on serious side events. We found that, compared with control (no exercise), people who had surgery for a heart valve valve surgery may have improved their physical ability to walk and run. We could not assess the effect of the treatment on the risk of death or on the return to work. We also did not find any evidence on the effects of the therapy on the health-based quality of life (HRQoL), and on the outcomes of left ventricle, heart rate, and cost. We rated the quality of the evidence as very low or low.
We found five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 1130 participants. Two of the five studies evaluated the use of meditation, the others evaluated a range of palliative care programs that involved a chaplain or a spiritual counsellor. In the studies that used a pablum, there was no clear difference in the effect of these programmes on the well-being of the patients. However, in the pablative care program that included a chaplain or a psychotherapist, there were no clear effects on the quality of life of the participants. There was no evidence that any of the interventions had a positive impact on the patients' well-ness. We found inconclusive results from the five RCTs that we found. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found six studies with a total of 137 participants. We found that tDCS did not have an effect on the change in global UPDRS score. However, there was some evidence of an improvement in dyskineia (time spent on the floor) and gait speed (time that the symptoms are not controlled by the medication) and on time with dyskinesia. There was no evidence of a change in the number of people who dropped out (adverse events or deaths). We found one trial with a small group of 16 people that compared tDCS versus sham tDCS. There were no changes in the time that people with IPD spent on their feet or on their hands. We did not find evidence that people dropped out of the study or that they had adverse events or died. We could not tell whether tDCS had an effect in terms of the time people spent in the bed or on the bed. We also found that there was no effect of tDCS on the time spent in bed, on time that the person's muscles are still moving, or on time on the chair. We rated the quality of evidence from the six studies as very low, which means that we cannot be sure of the results.
We identified 12 randomised controlled studies (N = 461), all of which were judged to be of high risk of bias. Overall we found that there was a low to very low quality of evidence for the use of LASB for CRPS. We found that the evidence was of low or low quality, and that we could not be sure that it was of high quality. There is a lack of high- or low- or very low-quality evidence to be able to draw firm conclusions about the effect of this intervention.
Fourteen studies including 2488 adults with Bell’s palsy were identified. Most studies were small, and most were at high or unclear risk of bias. We included four new studies at this update. We found that the combination of antivirals and corticosteroids may have little or no effect on rates of complete recovery in people with Bell's palsy, but the results are not yet clear. Corticostadoids alone may have a greater effect on the rate of incomplete recovery, but we cannot be sure of this. We also found that corticoids plus antiviral drugs may have had no clear impact on the number of people who had an adverse event. We did not find a clear effect of the treatment on the percentage of patients who had a long-term adverse event, and we found no clear effect on adverse events. We rated the quality of the evidence as low or very low for most of the outcomes, and very low or low for some outcomes.
We found two studies, including 97 women, comparing LHRH agonists versus a chemotherapeutic drug (treosulfan) or a placebo. One of the studies was from the USA and the other was from South Africa. Both of the two studies had a high risk of bias, which means that we were not able to pool the data from both of them. There may be little or no difference between treatment with leuprorelin or treosulfans in terms of overall survival (OS) or progression-free survival (PFS) at six and 12 months, respectively (Du Bois 2002 and Currie 1994). The duration of follow-up was 2.5 years and quality of life (QoL) was not reported in this study. Alopecia (hair loss) and fatigue were probably more common with treosulans than leuprelin (very low-risk of bias). Adverse events were incompletely reported (no adverse events in decapeptyl group, but not in the placebo group). Based on this review of two small RCTs, there is not enough evidence to comment on the safety and effectiveness of these drugs in the treatment of platinum-refractory and platinum-resistant (relapsed) EOC. Overall, the quality of evidence for all outcomes (including OS, PFS, QoL and adverse events) is very low.
We found 17 randomised controlled studies that compared iNO versus placebo (sugar pill) or standard care. Ten of the 17 trials were of high quality. Ten trials compared iNNO versus control (placebo or 'usual care'). Ninos 1997 and Mercier 1998 included both preterm and term infants. Ninos 1998 enrolled both babies with diaphragmic hernia. One of the trials compared high- or low- or high-frequency ventilators. Six of the studies enrolled infants with low blood oxygen levels. Infants who had iNO at a low dose did not have a better outcome than those who did not receive iNO. Inhaled nitric oxide appears to be effective in babies with hypoxaemic low blood flow to the lungs. The OI was decreased by a (mean) 15.1 (weighted) mean of 15 to 60 minutes after the start of treatment. Oxygenation was improved by a mean of 53 mmHg and the partial pressure of arterial oxygen (PaO2) was increased by an OI of 53 millilitres per litre. The risk of death or use of ECMO was not affected by the use of iNO treatment. Infant mortality was not increased by the treatment. Fewer of the babies who received iNO early satisfied late treatment criteria, showing that earlier iNO reduced progression of the disease but did not reduce death nor the need for ECMO (moderate-quality evidence). Incidence of disability, incidence of deafness and infant development scores were all the same in infants who had or did not get iNO and those who had not (high- and low-quality results). Infants with diphragmatic hernia were not better or worse with iNO (moderate quality of evidence).
This is an overview of the literature on the effectiveness of lumbar-based interventions to treat low-back pain in adults. We searched for randomised trials on the use of these interventions in people with low back pain. We found fifteen studies that met the criteria for this review. Overall, the studies were rather low quality. There was a lack of data on the benefits and harms of these types of interventions. There is still a need for high quality trials to be done on the effects of these treatments.
We found 57 studies with 16,784 catheters and 11 types of impregnations. The total number of patients enrolled was unclear, as some studies did not provide this information. Most studies enrolled adults from the age of 18. Most of the patients were adults, and most of them were adults who were in the ICU or oncology units. The evidence is current to May 2018. The review found that antimicrobial-impregnated CVCs reduce the rate of catheter-related blood stream infection and catheter colonization, but not the risk of sepsis or death from any cause. There were no clear differences between the impregnated and non-imregnated groups in the rates of adverse effects, such as thrombosis/thrombophlebitis, bleeding, erythema and/or tenderness at the insertion site. However, we found that the magnitude of the effects of the antimicrobial CVC was also not affected by the participants' baseline risks. The quality of the evidence was moderate to high.
We found 15 studies, of which 14 were randomised controlled trials (RCTs). The interventions took place in the slums or poor urban or peri-urban areas of Bangladesh, and the other 14 were RCTs. The study participants included 9261 babies and children and 3664 pregnant women. There were no dietary interventions. Six of the 15 studies were conducted in Bangladesh, India, and Peru. The other 14 studies were from Bangladesh and India. The interventions included the use of zinc or micronutrient or macronutamine in pregnant women (three studies), nutritional education for women (two studies), and a nutrition systems strengthening intervention (one RCT) for children (one study). There was no evidence of an effect of the intervention on length of life (low- to very low- to high-risk of bias). The evidence is up to date as of May 2018. The evidence was of very low to moderate risk of bias, which means that we are very uncertain about the results. The quality of evidence was very low or moderate for all of the outcomes. The studies had a wide range of outcomes, which meant that we were unable to pool the results of the studies. We found that all the interventions reviewed had the potential to decrease stunting, based on evidence from outside of slum contexts; however, there was no clear effect of any of the interventions in this review (very low-to-moderate-certainty evidence). The studies did not report differences in the impact of the nutrition-based interventions on equity issues, and none of the included interventions had a clear impact on the outcomes for women and children. The findings of this review are based on very low quality evidence.
Twelve RCTs, with 1023 participants, were included in this review. There was no evidence that foam dressing is more effective in the healing of venous leg ulcers than other wound dressing treatments. Pooled data from five trials (418 people) showed that there was no difference in healing between foam dressers and polyurethane dressers (three trials) or hydrocolloid dressors (three studies) in healing of ulcers. There were no differences in the number of people who had adverse events, or in the amount of time the ulcers took to heal. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found two randomised clinical trials (RCTs) that compared celecoxib (200 mg twice a day) to a placebo (sugar pill) or etoricoxib (60 to 120 mg/day) in patients with rheumatological (e.g. Crohn's disease) or ulcerative colitis. One study (n = 159) compared etoric oxib to placebo in IBD patients with quiescent or 'active' ulcers. The other study ( n = 222) was judged to be of low risk of bias. The two studies were not pooled for pooled meta-analysis due to the small number of patients and treatment duration. Both studies were judged to have a low risk for bias. There was no difference in the rate of exacerbation of IBD in the etoroxib and the placebo groups. After 12 weeks of treatment, 17% (14/82) out of the 200 mg daily dose of celecoxid and 19% (15/77) of the placebo group experienced an IBD flare-up. There were no serious side effects in either group. No patients in both groups died or had serious side effect. The studies did not report on adverse events. The results for disease flare-ups and AEs in the studies were unclear. The risk of AEs was low due to very few events and low numbers of people in the study. GI AEs led to the withdrawal of 3% of patients in celecoxint and 3% in the placebo. No one of the two studies reported on the risk of death. No adverse events were found in the two groups. The quality of the data was low. The evidence for the effect of the COX-2 inhibitors celeoxib or etorocoxib on IBD symptoms was low, which means that we are not sure whether these drugs are safe in the short term. The data for the adverse events was low because there were
We found 22 studies that met our inclusion criteria with a total of over 2310 patients. The studies mostly had a small number of patients (from 4 to 317) and a short duration (4 to 24 weeks). At baseline, six of the 22 trials included people with ulcers that were not infected; one of the studies did not report the type of ulcers, and the remaining 13 trials did not assess the level of infection. The 22 studies employed a range of topical antimicrobial treatments (e.g. silver, iodides), super-oxidised aqueous, zinc hyaluronate, or silver sulphadiazine), tretinoin, pexiganan cream, chloramine, and growth factor. The results from five trials with 945 people suggest that more wounds may heal when treated with the use of an antimicrobial dressing, rather than with a non-antimolic dressing, and that the wound may heal more often when the wound is treated with an antimicrobial dressing. We are uncertain about the relative effects of these treatments on wound healing, and we are not sure whether they are safe. Four studies with 937 people reported no wound-heals, and four of these four trials with 132 people reported that wound healing was more likely when the dressing was used with an antifungal dressing. Four of the eight studies with 250 people that we included in this review included in the review had no wound healing data, so we are very uncertain about these results. The evidence was of low or very low-certainty.
We found six randomised studies that involved 5193 participants. Analysis showed that zinc supplementation reduced the incidence of pneumonia by 13% and the prevalence of it by 41%. However, we found that this effect was not seen in all children. We did not identify any new studies for inclusion in this update. We found that zinc supplements may have an effect on the number of children who have pneumonia, but we found no evidence that they had an impact on the amount of children with pneumonia. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low because of the small number of studies and the low risk of bias in the results.
Ten studies including 33,179 children were included in this review. Eight studies found no significant effect of vitamin A on the rate of acute LRTI, or on the occurrence of symptoms of the condition. Three of the ten trials found no differences and no benefit from the use of the drug. Two studies found that vitamin A may increase the risk of LRTIs in children with low or very low weight, but it does not seem to have an effect in healthy children. This result is based on a small number of studies and is not consistent with the current understanding of the role of the treatment of children with mild to very low body weight. Therefore, it should not be given to all children to prevent the onset of an acute laryngitis. Low-dose and high doses of the vitamin A drug have fewer side effects and at least equal effect to a high dose of this drug.
Twenty studies met the inclusion criteria. Concomitant therapy varied from none to any other bronchodilator plus corticosteroid (oral and inhaled). The following results were found. Theophylline has a modest effect on lung function tests and on the amount of air in the blood. The quality of the studies was very low, which means that the results may have been influenced by the fact that most of the people who took part were known to be theophyllinesolerant. This may have had an impact on the results. The results of the review show that the use of a bronodilators or corticostimulants (or both) to treat COPD may have a small but modest impact on lung pressure tests and lung function. However, these results are based on a very small study, which is not large enough to be sure of them. There was a high dropout rate in all of the 20 studies that could be found.
We found 10 randomised controlled studies (RCTs) that involved 439 children aged 1 year to 18 years. Each study used a different method of giving oral immunotherapy. None used sublingual treatment. Three studies used placebo and seven used an egg avoidance diet as the control group. The 10 studies enrolled a total of 249 children (oral immunosuppression 249; control group 190), with a mean age of 1 year and a half years. The studies were small, with a low risk of bias, and there was a high risk of biases in the way they were done. We found that children who had oral treatment for egg allergy could eat more of their food (1 g to 7.5 g) than those who did not receive treatment. Most of the children (82%) could eat a small amount of egg, compared to 10% of the group that did not take the treatment. Fewer than half of children (45%) were able to eat a full dose of egg. Mild-to-severe side effects were more common in the group of children who took the treatment, and 75% of children had mild to severe side effects. We also found that 1 in 12 children had a high-risk adverse event, and some people gave up oral treatment. Overall, there was not enough data to be sure of the results. The quality of the 10 studies was low due to small numbers of people and events.
We found four randomised clinical trials involving a total of 579 adults. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2015. The four trials were conducted in the USA, the UK, the Netherlands and the Netherlands. The studies were conducted between 2004 and 2015. Two of the four studies were funded by the Cochrane Collaboration and the other three by the manufacturer of the ILR implant. We found that an ILR-based approach to the diagnosis of syncope resulted in a higher rate of aetiologic diagnosis as compared to a non-ILR approach. We did not find evidence of a difference in the risk of death in the long term between those who received ILR and those who were managed in the same way as those who had not. No data were available for short term death. The quality of the evidence was very low due to the lack of data on death and the fact that there was a lack of information on adverse events in one of the studies' arms, so we were not able to draw any conclusions about this outcome. Data from two studies seemed to show a trend towards a reduction in syncope relapse after diagnosis in people who had an ILRs implantation. The cost of the implantation was higher in the ILRs group, if the costs incurred by the implant were counted. The mean cost per diagnosis and the average cost per arrhythmic diagnosis were lower for participants randomised to ILR implants compared to those who did not have the implant. No evidence was found on the other end-points of this review. We judged the quality of evidence to be very low for death and very low quality for the other outcomes, such as quality of life and costs. Further trials evaluating the effect of ILRs in the diagnostic strategy of people with recurrent unexplained syncope are warranted.
We found four studies that met the inclusion criteria. These studies enrolled 275 patients with 282 hydroceles. Participants were randomised to surgery and sclerotherapy. All studies were assessed as at low or unclear risk of bias for selection bias, detection bias, attrition bias and bias due to the small number of patients in the studies. All four of the studies were conducted in the USA and one study was from the UK. The studies were of low or very low risk of biases due to differences in the types of sclerosant agents used and the type of surgery. Blinding was not reported in any of the four studies. There were no differences between the treatment groups in the cure rate in short-term or long-term follow-up. There was a significant increase in the rate of recurrence of the disease in those who received scleritis compared with surgery. One study reported a non-significant decrease in fever in the sclerosis group and an increase in haematoma formation in the surgery group. Only one of the included studies reported patient satisfaction at three and six months; there was no difference between the two groups. There is a great need for more high-quality randomised controlled trials that assess the effects of different types of agents, sclerosing solution concentration and injection volume for the treatment of hydrocoeles. It is important that the RCTs have a large number of participants and a long duration of treatment. Studies should assess the outcomes such as pain, recurrence, pain, complications and cure using validated instruments. The protocols for all studies should be registered in clinical trial registries and the reports of these studies should conform with international guidelines of trial reporting such as CONSORT. Cost-effectiveness and time to work resumption should also be assessed.
We included one randomised controlled trial (RCT) that compared nebulised rhDNase with a placebo (sugar pill) in 40 children with airway malia and a bronchitis. We assessed it to be of high quality. We found that there was no difference between groups for the proportion of children who were still cough-free at two weeks. The mean change in night time cough diary scores were better in the placebo group. The change in day time cough and night time sputum and lung function tests were also better for those on nebulising rh DNase, but did not reach levels of significance. It is not clear whether the use of nebulise in the treatment of airways malia or bronchiolitis is helpful. There is currently an absence of good-quality research on the management of tracheal malia in children with tracheomalia due to poor lung function. For those with less severe trachea malia, RCTs on interventions such as antibiotics and chest physiotherapies are clearly needed.
We found 21 randomised studies with 2658 participants. Fourteen of the 21 studies evaluated forms of cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) and the other 14 compared CBT with other forms of psychosocial treatment (e.g. behaviour therapies, third-wave CBT, psychodynamic therapies, and integrative therapy). Fifteen of 21 studies compared some form of therapy with usual care or a wait list. Five studies compared the treatment to enhanced care. Only one study compared a form of CBT (cognition) with a behaviour therapy. The mean number of sessions ranged from one to 13, and the duration of treatment was from one day to nine months. Participants were randomised from a range of health care settings. The average duration of the treatment ranged from two weeks to 24 months. Most of the studies were at least at least several years old, and most of the people in the studies had chronic symptoms at baseline. Most studies were of good quality, but some had a high risk of bias. For some of the outcomes we assessed, we found that some forms of treatment were better than those in the waiting list, but not all. We found that CBT was better than usual care and a waiting list in terms of symptoms at the end of treatment, but it was not more effective than either enhanced care or structured care. The effect was similar to that seen in the CBT subgroup. We did not find evidence of a difference between CBT and usual care, but we could not be sure of this. Overall, we judged the quality of the evidence to be low to very low, which means that we cannot be sure about the results.
We identified 40 new randomised studies and found 63 randomised trials that met our criteria for the review. In total, we were able to synthesize data from 39 of these studies, enrolling 3027 patients in our review. We found that there is moderate- or low-risk of PPP after three to 18 months of surgery for thoracotomy and three to 12 months after caesarean section. There is low- risk of having PPP three to six months after breast cancer surgery. We could not pool data from four of the studies because they did not look at the effect of the surgery on adverse effects. We did not find evidence that the use of a bone graft after surgery for PPP was effective. We conclude that there are moderate- and low-quality data on the use or use of anaesthesia after breast surgery. There are no data on other types of surgery, such as limb loss, hernia repair, heart surgery and laparotomies.
Twenty-eight randomised trials involving a total of 1742 patients were included. The trials tested the use of different types of drugs to treat BPD. These drugs were first- or second- or both-line drugs (such as valproate and flupenthixol), or mood stabilising drugs such as olanzapine, amitriptyline, fluoxetine, or phenelzine sulfate, and omega-3 fats, and dietary supplements (e.g. fish oil). The drugs were tested in a wide range of settings, but most of them were based on one or more studies. First- or first-line drug treatment was not supported by the studies. The studies were small, and most of the trials were of low or very low quality. The use of these drugs has not been assessed in the long-term. There was a lack of data on adverse events, but there was some evidence that some of the drugs may be helpful in the treatment of BPD, but these are based on a small amount of data. There were no clear effects of any of the medications on BPD symptoms. The evidence is up-to-date to May 2014.
We found seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving a total of 349 patients. Of these, two RCTs were added for this review (one trial with 40 patients and one trial with 67 patients). The trials compared washout with no washout, or washout (saline or acidic) versus no washouts. Only one of the trials was free of bias, but there were problems with the way it was done. Four of the studies were small, with a small number of patients, and there was a high risk of bias. We are not sure if washout has an effect on the rate of infection of the urethra or length of time each catheter was in situ. Four trials compared the use of washout or washouts with no washing out. One of the seven trials was small and the other four were small. We were not able to draw any conclusions from these studies. Four studies assessed the types of washouts, and compared them with each other. Two of the included trials were of poor or very low or low or moderate quality. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low quality.
We found 30 studies (18,682 adults and children) that assessed fatigue after cancer treatment. Eighteen of the 30 studies were conducted in children aged up to 18 years, and 22 were in adults. The age of the participants ranged from 12 to 18, and most of them were male. The studies were small, and we could not pool the results of all of them. We could not draw any conclusions about the effect of fatigue on the course of cancer treatment and fatigue in people who had cancer. We found that fatigue was more likely to be reported in people with brain cancer and haematological cancer, but we were unable to draw conclusions about it in children and adults who had other cancers. We were not able to draw any conclusion about fatigue in children or adults with other types of cancer. The evidence in this review is weak, and it is not clear how many people in the studies we looked at suffer from fatigue. This means that we do not know how many of the adults in the study would suffer from it. We rated all studies with at least one 'Risk of bias' item, which means that the results may be at risk of bias.
We found 36 trials involving 6914 people. There was variation in the type of antibiotics used, patient characteristics and risk of RTIs and death in the control groups. In trials comparing a combination of topical and systemic antibiotics, there was a decrease in both RTI and death rates. In the trials that used the use of topical antimicrobics alone (or compared topical plus systemic versus systemic alone) there was also a reduction in RTI but not in death. The risk of resistance occurring as a side-effect of use of these drugs was not explored in all of the trials.
Five studies met the inclusion criteria for this review. Four studies examined nursing home residents and one study residents in a group dwelling unit. Four of the five studies were conducted in the nursing home and one in the group dwelling units. The other three studies were done in a nursing home. No studies in the community settings were included. Three studies included one or two nursing homes per case. Overall, the studies were of low or very low risk of bias. The results of the review showed that there is not a lot of high quality research evidence on the use of PR in the long term care setting. There is a need for more research in this area.
We included four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 416 women in the review. The studies compared glucocorticoid treatment with placebo (sugar tablets) or no treatment. Two studies had data in a form that we could not enter into the review, so we only have data from two of the four RCTs (310) women). One of the studies (212) had data from one study. The other study (20) had results from two studies (310). The evidence is up to date as of May 2015. The trials were small and of low or very low quality. There was insufficient evidence to conclude whether there was any difference between the groups in the live birth rate, live birth birth rate or clinical pregnancy rate. However, if the chance of live birth with placebo is assumed to be 15%, the chance following the use of a placebo tablet would be between 7% and 31%. There was no conclusive evidence of a difference in the pregnancy rate between the two groups. There were no data on OHSS or side-effects. Neither of the trials reported on miscarriage or OHSS/OHSS-like symptoms. The evidence was of low quality due to imprecision, with few events and few events. More research is needed to assess the safety and effectiveness of this drug in the management of ovarian hyperstimulation for IVF/ICSI cycles (up to the day of oocyte retrieval) due to the small number of studies and low event rates.
We found eight trials (291 participants, aged between five and 23 years) that compared rhGH to no treatment and one three-arm trial (63 participants). Six trials lasted for one year, and two for six months. Seven of the eight randomised trials were of low quality, and one was of high-quality. The trials showed that rhGH may improve some of the measures of lung function, but there was no clear evidence that it had an effect on quality of life. There was some evidence of an increase in fasting blood glucose levels with rhGH, but this did not lead to a change in risk of diabetes. We found that the trials showed evidence of some improvement in height, weight, and lean body mass, but these were only seen for the high-dose group. The studies did not show a clear difference between the two groups of patients. There were no major side-side-effects of rhGH. None of the trials looked at the cost of the treatment. We rated the evidence from the trials as low quality. Long-term well-designed randomised controlled trials of rh GH in people with CF are required.
We found 26 non-randomized studies with 1,695 participants that assessed the effects of removal from exposure and reduction of the use of the drug compared to continued exposure. We found that both removal from the exposure and reducing the dose of the medicine may improve the symptoms and lung function of people who are working in the same job. However, the latter may be better than the former. Removal from exposure may also increase the risk of losing a job. In 10 studies, we found that people who had to leave the work they were working in may be more likely to report that they were not feeling sick. In seven of the 26 studies, people who were removed from the work had to return to work. We did not find evidence that people were more or less sick if they had to stop using the medicine. We also found that removing from the job may have an effect on people's symptoms and their lung function. We could not tell if it had an impact on the amount of work that they did. The studies were of very low risk of bias. The quality of the studies was very low, which means we cannot be sure about the results. We judged the quality of evidence to be very low for all three of the three comparisons.
We found six randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1758 people. The trials were from the outpatient setting and all participants had milder grades of reflux (e.g. nonerosive reflux or milder grade of esophagitis). Five trials investigated deprescribing and one trial examined abrupt discontinuing PPI. Participants were aged 48 to 57 years, with a mean age of 73 years. All studies were from outpatient clinics. Five of the six trials (1653 people) looked at the use of PPI on-demand versus continuous PPI use. There was a low risk of bias, but there were too few data to make a conclusion about long-term harms and harms of on- and off-demand PPI treatment. In people with mild GERD, on-and-off PPI may lead to an increase in GI symptoms and a decrease in pill use. However, there was a decline in participants' quality of life. None of the trials (one on-time and one abrupt discontinuation) reported on endoscopy. The quality of evidence was low or very low.
We found 13 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 995 people with schizophrenia. These trials compared social skills training with either no social skills programme, or a discussion group. We found that social skills programmes may improve the social skills of people with a range of mental health problems and reduce the rate of relapse and rehospitalisation compared to standard care. We also found that rates of relapse and re-hospitalisation were lower in the group receiving social skills compared to the group that did not receive these programmes. The quality of evidence was very low for all of these outcomes. We rated the quality of the evidence as very low, so we could not be sure of the results. We could not tell whether social skills programs improved the mental health outcomes of the people taking part in the trials. We did find that people who took part in a social skills program were more satisfied with their care than those who did not take part. We judged the evidence to be of very low quality.
We found one randomised controlled trial (RCTs) that met our criteria. This was the pooled results from two RCTs (225 participants, 145 with gout at the start of the trial, and 145 with tophi) randomised to one of three arms; pegloticase infusion every two weeks (biweekly) or monthly peglotics (peglotics alternating with placebo) and placebo. We found that biweekly peglotriptan, a drug that blocks the growth of tophi, was effective in the subset of people with tophitis in terms of resolving tophi. Pegloticase was more effective than a placebo (pretend treatment) in the treatment group. However, the number of people who withdrew from the study due to adverse events was high in all treatment groups. Most withdrawals were due to side effects, and most of the side effects were caused by a flare of gout. This may explain the high rate of side events in the placebo group - who were treated with a placebo. This review shows that peglosis is an effective treatment for gout in the short term, but there is a high risk of side effects. There is not a lot of evidence on the long-term use of this drug, so we do not know if it should be used in the long term.
We found five studies on oral immunoglobulin for the prevention of NEC. Three studies met the inclusion criteria of the review. The oral administration of IgG or an IgG/IgA combination did not result in a decrease in the risk of NEC, need for surgery or death. There are no trials of oral IgA alone.
This review of five trials found that women who had surgery after hysterectomy and radiotherapy were more likely to be alive than those who had no surgery. Chemotherapy may reduce the risk of the first recurrence of the cancer in the pelvis. It may have added value when used with radiotherapy.
We found 35 studies from a range of countries on six continents. Nineteen studies were conducted in low- and middle-income settings and sixteen in high-income. Some of the studies explored the views of people who had used the interventions, whereas others were more of a 'play of chance' type, which means that they asked what people felt they would like from such a programme. The studies covered a wide range of health-related programmes, such as health care reminders, support for smokers and smokers' quitters, and information about HIV/AIDS. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2015. Our review showed that clients' experiences of these types of programmes were mixed. Some felt that these programmes provided them with feelings of support and connectedness, as they felt that someone was taking the time to send them messages (moderate confidence in the evidence). They felt that the messages sent to them helped them feel more connected to each other, and that they shared them with their friends and family (high confidence). Clients also felt that some of the programmes had some problems when they used them. Some clients had poor access to cell networks and to the internet (high quality). Others had no phone, had lost or broken their phone, could not afford airtime, or had changed their phone number. Some people, particularly women and teenagers, had their access to phones controlled by others (moderate quality). The cost of messages could also be a problem, and many thought that messages should be free of charge. Language and skills in reading, writing, and using mobile phones could be a risk. Clients dealing with stigmatised or personal health conditions such as HIV, HIV, family planning, or abortion care were also concerned about privacy and confidentiality (high and moderate confidence). Some clients suggested strategies to deal with these issues, such that they used neutral language and tailored the content, timing, and frequency of the messages (high or low confidence). They wanted messages at a
Twenty-three studies with 2467 people were included in this review. The drugs used were methadone, other opioid agonists, other painkillers, other medications, or both. These drugs were compared to other drugs, or to placebo (fake drug), and to other medications. The results of the review show that the drugs are similar in terms of the amount of use of heroin and painkillers and the level of pain. However, these drugs do not work in the same way for all people, and some of the drugs used are not as good as the others. This is due to the wide range of drugs used in the studies, and the fact that most of the patients relapsed to heroin. Therefore, the results of this review are not conclusive.
The aim of this systematic review is to assess the effectiveness of this form of treatment. Nine studies (eight trials) involving 1109 people met the inclusion criteria for the review. The review found that this approach is more effective than other forms of detoxification, such as sedation, sedation and anaesthesia, and that it can be achieved more quickly with this approach than sedation. There is a greater risk of side effects with heavy sedation than with light, but this is unlikely to have an effect on the patient. The high cost of this approach, both in money and time, and the high risk of adverse events, suggests that this type of treatment should not be pursued.
We found 14 randomised controlled studies that met the inclusion criteria for this review. The trials ranged from very short (10 days) to very long (three months) studies. We found that there was no evidence that this drug was better or worse than other drugs in terms of effectiveness, but that it caused more weight loss. There was some evidence that it may have an atypical side effect profile, but we could not be sure of this. The quality of the trials was poor, so we were not able to draw conclusions about the effects of this drug.
We found 20 studies with a total of 2125 participants covering 23 different treatments. They can be grouped into those including a bleaching agent (such as the triple-combine creams) or a creams (hydroquinone) or creams, tretinoin, and fluocinolone, and combinations of t retinoin and tepidolone or tepidine, tepine, and duloxine, as well as combinations of these treatments, and skin-lightening agents (like Thiospot, Gigawhite, and rucinol) or skin-weighting drugs (like the skin lightening drugs) that are commonly used in the treatment of melasma. Each treatment was compared to a placebo (sugar pill) or to the other treatments (e.g. no treatment) in 20 of the 20 studies. The trials were of poor or very poor quality. The most common side effects were mild and transient such as skin rash, itching, and stinging. High-quality trials with long-term effects are needed to assess the effects of treatments for melasma in the long term.
Twelve trials, which randomised 1319 participants, were included in the review. All studies were a minimum of one year long. 83% of the patients were white and 40% were male. The mean age of participants ranged from 61 to 75 years and the mean duration of treatment ranged from one year to one year. The trials were small and of low or very low quality, which means that they may have been at high risk of bias. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2015. The review found that 5-FU postoperative injections reduced the risk of surgery failure in the first year after surgery for the first time in eyes at high risks of failure and those undergoing surgery for surgery for a first time. The risk of failure was reduced by 4.1% in the high risk group and by 5.0% for the low risk group. No differences were found in the low-dose and high-dose groups. Intraocular pressure was reduced in both the high-risk and low-risk groups. No difference was found between the groups in the combined surgery and postopular surgery groups. None of the trials reported on the participants' views of care, which is a major omission for an invasive treatment such as this. The quality of the evidence varied between subgroups and outcomes, most notably the evidence for the use of combined surgery (where surgery and surgery alone are combined) and the low dose of postopulmonary fibroids (low-dose) was found to be very low.
This is an overview of the literature on inhaled steroids for COPD in adults. Fifty-five studies with 16,154 adult patients met the inclusion criteria. Long-term use of ICS (more than six months) did not decrease the rate of decline in lung function in COPD patients. There was no effect on death from COPD. The use of inhaled steroid inhalers did not seem to affect the risk of death from any cause. The rate of flare-ups of COPD (exacerbations) was increased in the ICS group in the long-term studies. There were no major changes in bone growth or bone loss over three years. ICS did seem to have an effect on quality of life, but this was not clear in the short-term. The number of people who had an exacerbation was reduced by ICS, but there was no clear effect on mortality. The risk of a flare-up of the COPD symptoms was increased with ICS in some studies. The effect of the inhaled drugs on lung growth and bone loss was not seen in all of the studies, and there was an increase in pneumonia as an adverse event. There is a need for more research in this area.
We identified 80 randomised controlled trials (5820 women) comparing NSAIDs with other NSAIDs (non-NSAIDs and COX-2-specific) or with each other. NSAIDs were compared with a range of other NSAID drugs (placebo, paracetamol, celecoxib) or each other, or with no NSAID. The NSAIDs used in most of the trials were non-selective (meaning that NSAIDs did not have to be used to treat the dysmenorrhoea). NSAIDs appeared to be better than placebo (sugar pill) or no NSAIDs for pain relief and side effects. However, NSAIDs are more likely to cause side effects, such as nausea, vomiting, abdominal pain and diarrhea. There is not enough evidence to be sure which NSAID is the best NSAID to use in the treatment of dysmenoarthritis. We rated the quality of the studies as low, mainly due to poor reporting of study methods. Most of the evidence was of low or very low risk of bias. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2015.
We found seven studies that compared high versus low levels of PEEP (2565 patients) with the same volume of blood in both groups. Five of the studies (2417 patients) compared high and low PEEP, but in two studies (148 patients), the volume of the blood in the blood was different. In the other five of the trials, the high- and low-PEEP groups were compared. We found that high PEEP did not reduce the risk of death in the ICU. High PEEP also did not decrease the risk that the heart had to be re-entered into the blood, nor was there a change in the rate of barotrauma, but did improve oxygenation to the first, third, and seventh days of the study. The number of days spent on a ventilator did not change between the two groups. We did not find evidence that the high or low- PEEP group had a greater effect on the length of time spent in hospital. The review found that the studies were of low quality.
This review identified 42 studies (11,399 patients) including 19 studies from the review from 2010 and 23 new studies. Fifteen studies were excluded from the original review (nine of these were withdrawn from publication due to concerns about the quality of data) and six were lacking data for the use of RIFLE. Overall, there was an increase in the need for RRT in the HES treated patients, and the risk of AKI was increased. The risk of the kidney failure was increased as well. There was no clear evidence that HES was more likely to cause AKI than any other type of treatment. There were no differences in risk of sepsis (infection of the blood) or in the number of people who had a kidney injury. However, there were more patients who had an AKI in HES treatment groups than in the non-HES group. There is a need for more high dose and low dose HES treatments, or high or low dose of HES, to be used in the treatment of patients with AKI and RRT. The quality of the studies was good.
We identified nine studies that enrolled 682 patients with CKD. Seven of the nine studies were judged to be at low risk of bias and three of the studies were considered to be of a low risk. Seven studies compared Rheum officinale with no treatment, and two made comparisons with captopril, an ACEi inhibitor. Compared with no drug, RHEU was found to have a benefit on SCr and BUN levels, but not on all-cause death or cost of treatment. No serious side-effects were found in the studies. We judged all studies to be free of bias.
We found 13 papers, with a total of 2745 individuals (n = 1413 (51%) with dementia. The IQCODE can be used to assess older adults in the general health care setting who are at risk of dementia and need a mental health assessment. We found that it is more accurate than the short (16-item) and long (26 item) IQCODs, but not in the language of the tool. The language of use of the IQCode did not seem to have an impact on its accuracy. However, we found that there was some risk of bias in the studies, which may have affected the results. There was a lack of consistency in the results of the trials, which meant that we could not be certain about the accuracy of the data. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 91 participants. All three RCTs were of low to very low risk of bias. All of the studies investigated various types and intensities of outpatient treatment programmes after BoNT for spasticity in adults with a stroke. The studies were small, with a total of 91 people. Rehabilitative programmes included: mCIMT, a non-surgent movement training programme, which is a form of non-stimulation therapy, compared with a control group; task practice therapy with FES, a type of FES therapy; and a manual therapy programme, that is, manual therapy with dynamic elbow-extension splinting. There was 'low' or'very low' quality of evidence for the effect of these three types of rehabilitation programmes on upper limb function and function in adults and those with post-stroke spasms. There were no trials that looked at the effects of these programmes on 'passive function' (caring for the affected limb) or 'caregiving' (carers' burden). There is a need for more research in this area.
We found four randomised clinical trials, including 136 adult patients, that assessed the use of long-term treatment with lamivudine and HBIg versus HBIG alone. Two of the four trials, recruiting 136 patients, were randomised, which means that all four of the trials were conducted in the same way. One of the studies was funded by a public grant. The other two trials were funded by the public. The fourth trial was sponsored by a drug company. The review could not find clear data from these four trials to show that any of these four drugs are better or worse than the other drugs in the treatment of HBV after transplantation. We need large, well-designed randomised randomised trials to compare these drugs with each other or to each of the newer drugs that are used to treat HBV in people with HBV following liver transplants. The trials were small, and none of them were large, so we could not be sure of the effects of these drugs on HBV recurrence.
This is an update of a review that was first published in 2004. We searched the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group's Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) in February 2015. We found 15 studies (10 studies) involving 1019 participants who were followed up from three months to 10 years (1060 randomised) in a total of 13,306 citations. All of the studies had a high risk of bias. Sulphonylurea (a drug) with or without metformin did not improve metabolic control significantly more than insulin alone at three months (one study, n = 15) and at 12 months (n = 14) of treatment and follow-up. In addition, there was some evidence that the use of suphosphonates (sugar tablets) caused more patients to require insulin at two years (30% in the SU group compared to 5% in conventional care group) and more patients classified as insulin dependent (64% (SU group) or 12.5% (insulin group) in the insulin group) at three and 12 months of treatment. No intervention influenced fasting C-peptide levels, but insulin was better than SU at maintaining fasting levels. One study showed that vitamin D with insulin may protect pancreatic beta cells in LADA. In a five year study of GAD65 (glutamic acid decarboxylase formulated with aluminium hydroxide), improvements in fasting and stimulated C- peptide (20 μg group) were maintained after five years. There was no evidence for or against other lines of treatment of LADA, but there is some low blood glucose levels in the blood (hypoglycaemic episodes) in some studies. There were no longer enough data on health-related quality of life, complications of diabetes, cost or health service utilisation, mortality and adverse events.
We found 70 randomised studies (44,958 students) that met our criteria for the review. A total of 63 of these studies (42,784 students) met our requirements for the meta-analysis. The evidence is up-to-date as of 26 November 2016. The results of this review indicate that there is no evidence that these interventions have a meaningful impact on reducing misuse of alcohol in the short or long term. However, there is some evidence that they reduce binge drinking at four or more months post-intervention. The effects of these interventions are not consistent for all misuse measures, and heterogeneity was a problem in some analyses and bias could not be ruled out as a potential cause of these findings. The quality of the evidence was moderate or low for most of the outcomes, which means that we are uncertain about the accuracy of the results.
We found three studies with a total of 492 participants who had received 530 THA. One of the studies (81 participants) assessed the effect of the provision of hip precautions, equipment and functional restrictions versus no treatment. There were no incidences of hip dislocation or adverse events in both groups. The study did not assess pain score, global assessment of treatment success or the rate of adverse events. One study (265 participants; 303 THAs) evaluated the use of hip protection with or with or without the prescription of postoperative equipment and restrictions to function. Due to the high risk of bias, we are not sure if the number of people who were not prescribed postoperative equipment and restriction (135/151) or those that were not (113/152) were more likely to have a hip dislocated after the initial 12 postoperative months. The other study (146 people; 146 people) compared an enhanced postoperation-based education and training programme with a non-postoperative programme. There was no evidence to show that the intervention was better or worse than non-educative or non-adverse events. The quality of the evidence was very low, so we are very uncertain if the results are valid. The studies were of low or very low quality.
We found three randomised controlled trials that met our inclusion criteria. In two trials, the LNG-IUD was used to treat painful periods after surgery. In one trial, the use of LNG was compared with women who did not have an IUD. There was a reduction in the rate of pain after surgery in both groups but the effect was not clear. There were also more women who were happy with their treatment but this did not seem to be important. The number of women who had a change in their symptoms was also higher in the L-gene group. In the other three trials, women who received LNG were more satisfied with their care. There is some evidence that LNG is safe and that it does not cause harm. Further well-designed RCTs are needed to confirm these findings.
We found 24 studies, with a total of 24 adults and children. All studies were conducted in high-income countries in the USA (14/24) and the USA, and all but one involved adults. All of the studies examined food products; none examined alcohol or tobacco. The majority were done in a laboratory setting (14 out of 24) with adults (17/24), and used between-participants groups (19/24). Six of the 24 studies looked at interventions that changed the amount of food or drink or the type of foods or drinks that were available, or both. Eighteen studies examined how far food or drinks were placed from the participants. Most of these studies (4 out of 6) changed snack foods or drink. Six studies changed the number of foods and drinks or the way they were placed, and four changed the size of less-healthy (to healthier) foods or foods. Most (14 of 18) changed the distance at which a snack or drink was placed, but four changes to the order of food and drink that were encountered along a line. We found that changing the amount or size of foods, or how far they were put, could lead to changes in people’s choice of foods. However, we found that these changes were greater when the food was placed far away from the participant, or when there was only one or more of the targeted food(s) or both, and when people were of a low or very low deprivation status. We could not be sure of these results, as there were so few people in the study, and the study was small. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low, and we judged it to be at low risk of bias. This means that we cannot be sure about the results.
We found one randomised clinical trial that compared the use of PEP with a placebo (sugar pill) or no PEP. This trial found that people who received PEP were more likely to take zidovudine after PEP than those that did not, but it was not clear whether PEP was better or worse than a placebo. There were no trials that looked at the effect of two or more antiretroviral drugs for PEP, and we found that PEP is not 100% good at preventing HIV-infected people from getting HIV. The use of the PEP given to people who work in the field of care is based on evidence from one study. We found that a four-week PEP dose should be given as soon as possible after the exposure to HIV, or as often as the risk of getting HIV is high. There was no evidence to show that a PEP drug was more or less effective than a dummy drug, but there were more adverse events with a three-drug dose. There is no strong evidence to say that a combination of antifungal drugs should be used to treat PEP in the workplace.
Cognitive-behavioural therapy (CBT) is an approach to the treatment of chronic pain. CBT has a number of components that can be applied to a range of types of pain, but CBT but not behaviour therapy, which is a non-CBT approach, has some of these, but not all, components. The review found that CBT is a good way to treat chronic pain, and CBT can improve mood, pain, mood and mood, but does not improve pain or mood. Behavioural treatment has no effects on mood, although CBT does have an effect on mood. There is a lack of data on the effects of CBT for people with chronic pain and so we could not tell whether CBT works for which type of patient, and to try to find out why.
We found 15 randomised trials that met our inclusion criteria. Ten of the 15 interventions, including 260,000 people, provided data for us to assess. We found that all of these interventions had a high risk of bias, which means that we cannot be certain of the results. However, five of these showed mean decreases in the amount of salt in the diet from pre-intervention to post-interventions. Five of these, including Finland, Ireland, and Switzerland, showed a decrease in salt from the time of the intervention to the end of the study. Two of the studies showed mean increase in salt (1.66 and 0.80 grams/day more per person) from the start of the trial. Nine of the 10 programs provided data that we could use in our analyses. Nine programs, including five in Austria, four in France, three in the Netherlands, one in the US and one in Canada, showed an effect on salt. We could not tell whether the change in salt was due to a change in the number of men or women, but we could tell that it was not. Seven of the ten programs had more than one component (e.g. food and food products). Of those 10, four showed a reduction in salt. One showed an increase (0.80 gram/day) in salt, and one showed a change (0% more) in weight. We rated the evidence as very low due to the low number of people in the studies and the small amount of data.
We found seven randomised studies that met our inclusion criteria. Amitriptyline and bromocriptine were compared with placebo. Clonidine, propranolol, levodopa and tryptophan (one study) were all compared with a non-drug treatment. All studies had a low risk of bias, while four were of low risk. Three studies were of high risk, while the rest were of unclear risk. We found that all of the drugs compared with the control group had a small number of patients, ranging from 7 to 16, per study, and had a cross-over design. The studies were small and of low quality. The results were imprecise and consistent with no difference or harm for each of the medications. The use of preventive drugs to treat sleep bruxism was not found to be effective, but clonidine was well-treatable. Adverse effects were frequent in people who took amitripyline, and these were most common in those who had drowsiness, insomnia or sleepiness. The quality of the studies was low or very low, and we could not be sure of the results. We need more research on the use of medicines to treat people who have sleep-bruxism, so that we can know whether they work or not.
We identified 10 randomized controlled trials with 1015 participants. All 10 studies compared an omega-3 fatty acid and/or antioxidant treatment with the use of omega-2 or omega-4 fatty acids or other fatty acids. We assessed some of the studies as being at a high risk of bias due to methodological flaws. We are uncertain whether the treatment of adults with ARDS with omega-1, omega-6, or antioxidant drugs (eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) or docosapentenaena), or gamma-linoleic acid or GLA) improves death rates. We also are not sure whether these drugs improve the length of stay in the ICU or the time spent on a ventilator. We found no clear evidence that these drugs reduce death from any cause. We rated the quality of the 10 studies as low or very low, which means that we cannot be sure of the results. Adverse events (adverse events such as heart attacks, blood clots, gastrointestinal events, and gastrointestinal events) were more frequent in the group of people who took part in the studies. We judged the overall results to be very low quality.
We found 33 randomised controlled trials that assessed the effect of different ways of asking people to report their AEs. The studies were of low or very low risk of bias. The evidence is up to date as of May 2014. The 33 studies were mostly of low quality and compared open questions with checklist-type questions or rating scales or with other methods of asking these questions. Two of the 33 trials were conducted in the USA and one each in the UK and the UK. The methods used to ask these types of questions were very different from each other, and we could not tell whether one method was better or worse than the other. However, we found that more specific questions led to more AEs detected compared to a more general enquiry. A subset of six of the studies suggested that more severe, bothersome, or non-clinical AEs were only reported when an initial open enquiry was used, while some less severe, or more serious, or clinically relevant AEs, were only assessed with a subsequent specific question. Two studies showed that quite severe or debilitating AEs only detected by an interview, while other studies did not find a difference in the nature of AEs between the methods used. No conclusions could be made regarding the impact of the question method on the ability to detect a difference between the two groups. There was no common statistical rubric, but we were able to represent some effect measures as a risk ratio of the percentage of people with at least one AE. This showed a lower level of reporting for open questions (O) compared to checklists (CL), with a range for the risk ratios of 0.12 to 0.64. This review supports concerns that methods to ask people to self-report AEs can influence the detection of these data. These AEs may be important from a patient-reported AEs and for staff and staff. This under-detection could compromise ability to pool AE data. The wide variety and low quality of the
We found five82 records from the databases and search strategies. We found 10 further records by searching other resources (handsearching). We removed 211 duplicate records and screened 381 records with titles and abstracts for inclusion in the review. We excluded 364 records based on the title and abstract and assessed 17 full-text articles. We included 15 studies: eight studies did not assess the effect of any of these interventions to prevent SUDEP; five of these assessed the use of a device to detect GTCS, but did not directly measure SUDEP. Two studies assessed risk factors for SUDEP but not interventions for preventing it. One study is in progress. This study of 154 patients and 616 controls found that people with SUDEP who had no nocturnal supervision were less prone to SUDEP in the presence of a supervising person and those who had shared the same bedroom. This effect was found when the supervising or non-supervising person shared the bed or when a special device, such as a 'listening' device, was used. This was not found when people with epilepsy had seizure control. We rated the quality of the evidence as very low because of the small number of people who took part in the study and the high risk of bias of the study.
We found seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing autogenic drainage to one of the other recognised airway clearance techniques. One of the studies was of a cross-over (cross-over) design with the other six of the trials of which 208 people were included. Participants ranged from 17 to 75. The age of people in the studies ranged from 7 to 63 with a wide range of symptoms. Six of the seven studies enrolled people who were in good health, whilst one had been in hospital with an infective flare-up. All of the people in these studies had cystic fibrosis. The studies were of low or very low quality. The main reasons for downgrading the level of the review were the use of a low- or very poor quality study design, lack of blinding of people to the treatments being used and the lack of data on adverse events. The review's main outcome was the amount of air in the airway in one breath and this was reported by all the studies. There were no clear differences found for any of the techniques used with respect to the outcomes measured. One study reported on side effects and found a decrease in blood oxygen levels in the blood of people who did not perform an active cycle of breathing. There was no clear evidence that autogenic drains were better than any other form of airway clear-up, although there was one study that found that it was the preferred technique of the participants in one study. The quality of the evidence was low or low. The number of studies in this review was small and there were not many of them, which meant that we could not be sure of the results. Larger, well designed RCTs are needed to assess the effects of autogenic drain in this setting and to assess whether it is safe and safe to use in the long term. This plain language summary is up to date as of May 2015.
This review found that CBT is more effective than other types of psychosocial therapy in the short-term treatment of GAD. CBT based on CBT principles is also effective in the long-term. The body of evidence for CBT versus other forms of treatment is small and heterogeneous, which means that it is not clear which form of CBT approach is better.
Twelve randomised controlled trials (1,856 women) met the criteria for this review. Ten trials (1684 women) contributed data to the analyses. The trials were a mix of multicenter and single-centre trials, conducted in the USA, Jordan, UK and USA. In five of the trials, women had had three or more pregnancies and in the other eight trials women had two or more. Eight of the studies compared progestogen with a placebo, the other four trials compared treatment with no treatment. The evidence is up to date as of May 2015. The meta-analysis of all trials suggests that there may be a reduction in the number of miscarriages for women given progestogens compared to women who received no treatment or a placebo/control group. There may be no clear differences in the rate of preterm birth or low birthweight babies. None of the included trials reported on any of the outcomes that we were most concerned about, such as severity of morning sickness, thromboembolic events, depression, admission to a special care unit, or subsequent fertility. There was probably a slight benefit for women receiving progestogenic treatment in the rates of live birth and preterm births, but we are not sure about the effect on the rate on the birth of a preterm baby because the evidence is very low-quality. No clear differences were seen for the other outcomes we were concerned about such as neonatal death or stillbirth. The studies did not report on the secondary child outcomes of teratogenic effects or the need for a specialist care.
We found 14 studies with 1298 participants. Nine studies (704 participants) compared the use of psychosocial interventions versus a control group, and five studies (594 people) that compared the treatment with MIB versus a non-psychosocial approach. We did not find any studies that assessed other types of psychoeducation. The studies were of low to high risk of bias. For the most part, we were not able to tell whether the trials were well-conducted. We found that there was no clear evidence that there is a difference in the treatment of drug use in women with or in the control group. There was no evidence that psychosolence or MIB had an impact on the health of the mothers or the babies. However, we did find that neonates in the CM and MIB groups spent less time in the neonatal ward. There were no differences in the rates of preterm birth rates, low birth weight babies, or low birthweight babies. The quality of the evidence was low to moderate.
We identified 31 studies (44 reports) with a total of 27,071 participants. The risk of bias in the studies was low or unclear for several domains. Transradial approach for diagnostic CA or PCI (or both) in CAD may reduce short term harms (i.e. short-term and long-term) and short term adverse events (e.g. death, heart attack, and heart failure) compared to the transfemoral approach. The transradial method had a lower risk of all-cause mortality, bleeding, and bleeding at the site of surgery. There was insufficient data to draw conclusions regarding the long term effects of this approach.
We found two studies of palliative care interventions for people with Alzheimer's disease. One study (99 participants) evaluated the effect of a palative care team for adults with dementia who were in hospital for an illness. The other (cluster) study (256 patients) assessed the effects of a "decision aid" on end-of-life feeding options on nursing home staff. Both studies were at high risk of bias, in part because there was a lack of blinding of the people in both groups. Both of these studies were small and both were small, which meant that we were not able to pool the data. One of the studies (99 patients) reported that a pallative care plan was more likely to be written down for patients in the group in the intervention group, but the plan was only used for one patient in the control group. The pillative care plans were also more likely than those in the 'control' group to be used on discharge from hospital. We found that there was no effect of the palliatives on death in hospital, decisions to forgo the need for a heart attack in hospital or on the care that was provided to people in the care home, but for the latter, event rates were low and the results were not clear. One cluster RCT (256 adults, each with a family carer) looked at the impact of a decision aid on the choice of feeding on the end of life for people in a nursing home. In this group of patients, the decision-makers were more willing to discuss the choice with a clinician. However, there was not enough data to be sure of these findings. Thus, we conclude that there is not a lot of evidence to assess the role of palsative care for dementia. There are six more studies that we plan to add to this review in the future. There is a need for more research in this area, so that we can be more sure about the
The review identified three well-conducted randomised clinical trials that included 1166 women with breast cancer. These three trials compared the use of two types of sequencing. There were no differences between the two types in terms of local recurrence, overall survival, relapse-free and metastasis-free survival. On the other hand, there was an increased risk of neutropenia (low white blood cells) in the group of women who underwent RT after surgery, but this did not seem to have a major impact on their survival. There was no evidence that the two ways of sequencing the breast cancer cells (CT and RT) had a major effect on the length of time that the cancer returned. There is a need for more research in this area.
We found nine randomised controlled studies (RCTs) involving a total of 622 adults. The nine RCTs were conducted in the community setting, with interventions delivered by health care staff, and had a short- to medium-term follow-up (up to 24 weeks). Three of the nine trials (including 392 adults) looked at CrP plus or weight training, and the other three trials (involving 622 people) compared CrP alone versus a placebo (sugar pill). We found no evidence that one CrP dose was better than the other. We found that CrP may have an effect on body weight after 12 to 16 weeks of treatment. We did not find evidence on the effects of CrP on weight loss. We also found that all of the CrP doses investigated (200 µg, 400 µg; 500 µg. and 1000 µg) had an impact on body fat. We could not be sure whether CrP works in general, but we did find that it was more effective than placebo for some weight loss measures (weight loss, body mass index, weight gain, and change in waist size). Only three of the studies reported on adverse events. There were two serious adverse events and dropouts from the study in one study, and one in the other study. We rated the quality of evidence as low or very low.
Eleven studies with a total of 886 patients were included in the review. These evaluated a range of treatments for wounds healing by secondary intention. In general studies were small and some did not use methods that could be used to assess the effects of treatments. These factors reduced the quality of the evidence. There is no strong evidence that any antiseptic/antibiotic/anti-bacterial treatment is better or worse than others for the healing of wounds. There was some evidence that sucralfate, a cream, may be better than a gel, but this was based on one study with 40 patients. There were no differences in time to wound healing between groups. One study found that a zinc oxide mesh dressing may be more effective than a plain mesh dresser. However, there was no clear difference between the two groups in terms of the time taken for wounds to heal. One of the studies found that more wounds in the honey-soaked gauze group were healed than in the EUSOL group. This was based from one small study with 43 people. There are no data on the use of antibiotics, anti-biotics, or other treatments for wound healing. The evidence was of low or very low quality. This means that we are not able to be sure of the results.
We found five randomised controlled trials with a total of 1049 women. Three studies compared the use of a different technique to either the amniocentesis or CVS procedure. Two of the five studies were of high risk of bias. The other three trials were of low risk. There was no conclusive evidence of benefit for any of them. Overall, the results of this review are not of good quality. In the absence of clear evidence, the practice of CVS and AMN is to continue to use the techniques and technique changes that operators are most aware of and that they are most used to.
We found 10 randomised or non-randomised controlled studies (RCTs) and three non-rCTs (studies that did not use a control group) that assessed the effects of fortifying wheat flour or maize flour. The 10 studies included in this review included 1182 women of all ages and all ages. Five of the 10 included RCTs were randomised, three were non-RCTS, and one was a study that was not. Seven studies examined wheat flour and maize flour, and three studies looked at maize flour with folic acid or with other micronutins. Seven of the studies were from low- or high-income countries (e.g. China, Mexico, South Africa), one was from a high- or middle-income (Bangladesh), and three were from high-risk (i.e. the US, Canada, and Bangladesh) country. The interventions ranged from two weeks to 36 months, and the rest of the trials had a postfortified period of up to seven years. Most studies had unclear risk of bias for the way they were conducted. In one non- RCT, the use of maize flour was found to reduce the risk of birth defects, but not anencephalence. In the other three studies, the women who were given maize flour fortified with folate and other microns were less likely to have low blood haemoglobin levels, but there was no clear evidence that this was the case in the other two groups of people in the study. In three of the women were also more at risk of low blood iron levels, and in one of the three groups, there was a small increase in iron. The studies did not report on adverse effects. The evidence was of low or very low-certainty. This means that we are very unsure about the results. The quality of the data was very low to very low. This is due to the small number
We identified six randomised controlled trials (studies where people are randomly put in a group) that assessed the effects of neonatal screening in CF. We found that screening babies with CF may improve lung function, but the risk of low lung function and poor lung growth is high. Screening may reduce the chance of colonising the lungs with Pseudomonas aeruginosa, which can cause lung damage. We also found that newborns with CF who are screened may have a greater chance of being able to eat and drink.
We found five randomised controlled trials, with a total of 7314 participants, and with a mean of 4.5 years. Only one of the five trials (ACCORD) compared 'lower' (< 120 mmHg) or'standard' (< 140 mmHG) systolic blood pressure targets in 4734 people. The other four studies (ABCD-H, ABCD-N, HRAD-2, and a sub-group of HOT) compared the 'low' and 'high' diastolic blood pressures. Despite achieving a lower blood pressure (119.3/64.4 mlHg vs 133.5/70.5 mg/hg) and using more drugs to lower the blood pressure, there was no difference in the risk of stroke, myocardial infarction, or heart failure. There was a trend to a lower mortality rate in the group assigned to the 'high-risk' DBP target, but there was a higher risk of death from any cause, mainly from non-cardiac events. There was a high risk of bias in all five trials. This means that we cannot be sure of the findings. We found that people with high blood pressure and diabetes are at high risk for having a stroke, heart failure, and heart attacks. Therefore, we do not know if there is a role for the 'higher' blood pressure target in the treatment of these patients. However, we found that there is some low risk of a stroke in the target group. People with diabetes and people with raised blood pressure were more at risk of heart failure and heart problems. In the four trials (HOT) that we found, people with diabetes were less at risk for heart problems, but at low risk for stroke. Overall, we judged the quality of evidence to be low due to the small number of people in the trials, and the small numbers of people
Fourteen trials (709 participants) met the criteria for the review. One study compared two types of non-removable casts with no difference between the groups. Seven studies (366 patients) compared non-relieving casts with removable plates. In five of those studies non-reactive casts were found to be more helpful in healing foot ulcers than the plates. Two of the studies (98 patients) found that more ulcers healed with the use of these casts than with dressers alone. One of the trials (98 people) showed that the addition of a lengthening of the foot (the Achilles tendon) to the cast resulted in more healed ulcers at 7 months than with the cast alone. The use of a non-active device (such as a gel) was found to improve healing of ulcers more than with a dresser. The results of one study showed that when the foot is lengthened with an Achilles tendon, the cast is more likely to heal than the cast without. More ulcers were healed at two years in this group. The other comparisons included surgery, debridement of wounds; felt, felted foam dressing; and felted gel. None of these showed a significant effect in favour of the intervention.
We found five randomised controlled studies (RCTs) that met the inclusion criteria for this review. Five RCTs describing six interventions (with 235 participants) met the review criteria. Two trials of cognitive training (n = 100), two of compensative strategy training (N = 95), one of self-help training, one of non-cognition training and one of a cognitive-based approach (NCT) and one physical-based intervention (n° 19) were included. Each of the five studies focused on breast cancer patients. All five of the studies had a high risk of bias, which means that there is a chance that the results may be biased. We found that cognitive training and NCT may reduce the risk of cognitive impairment, or ameliorate, it, or both, in people who have had cancer surgery, but we could not be sure about the effects of these approaches. We could not draw conclusions about the effect of NCT on mental well-being. We also found that non-pharmaceutical approaches (e.g. exercise, cognitive training, NCT) may improve the self-report and self-assessment of cognitive function. We judged the quality of the evidence to be low, so we cannot be certain about the results. There is a need to do more research in this area. Larger, multi-site studies, which include an appropriate attentional control group, as well as the assessment of the impact of these non-drug approaches on daily life, are required in order to come to firmer results.
We included five trials, all from the 1970s, which randomised 343 participants. We excluded one trial. Only short-term data were available. We found 12 records referring to six trials. The five trials were of very low quality. The results of this review show chlorpromazine and piperacetazine may have similar effects in terms of global state improvement, but there was no clear evidence of a difference. Chlorpromazine appears to be no better or worse than piperside, but more people in both groups had some side effects. No trial reported data for change in negative symptoms or costs. The quality of the studies was very low, so we can not make any firm conclusions based on such data. More high or high quality research is needed.
Five randomised trials were identified with a total of 207 people, 102 to colonic stent and 105 to surgery. The trials compared the use of stents with emergency surgery. There was no significant difference in the death rate in both groups. The stent insertion was successful in 86.02% of the trials. The average time of relief of obstruction was 0.66 day in the stent group and was 3.55 days in the other group. The mean time of surgery was 113.93 minutes in the colic group and 143.85 in the surgery group. There were more deaths and complications in the colonic group than in the surgical group. However, use of a stent seems to be as safe in the malignancy of colorectal blockage as the surgery with no difference in mortality and complications. The risk of death was the same in both the groups and there was no evidence of a difference between the groups in the number of deaths at the end of the trial. The time spent in the hospital was 11.53 days and was 17.15 days. The median blood loss was 50 ml in each group and 350 ml.
We included nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) (1867 women) in this review. The nine RCTs compared the use of plasma expanders (human albumin, HES, or mannitol) versus no treatment or a placebo (sugar pill) or no treatment. The studies were very small, with a total of 1452 high risk women. The evidence was of very low to low quality. There was evidence that the plasma-expanding drugs, such as HES and HES or the HES-like drugs, had a positive effect on OHSS in women at high risk. However, there was no effect on the risk of OHSS with no drug. There were no data on live birth. There is a lack of high quality data on adverse events, so we were not able to reach any firm results. The results of this review suggest that there is some evidence that HES (HES or HES plus HES), or HSS, or both, can reduce OHSS rates in high risk, but there is not enough data to be sure of this. The quality of evidence was low to very low. The main limitations were imprecision, poor methods of study design, and lack of blinding of women to the type of treatment they were receiving.
We found 10 randomised trials involving 484 patients. There was no evidence to suggest that any one sclerosant was better or worse than another, but there was some evidence that polidocanol was more likely to cause adverse reactions at a low dose (0.5% or less) and that sodium tetradecyl sulfate (STS) was more painful at a high dose. There were no data on the other sclerosing agents. The studies did not show that any of the agents studied were better than a placebo (saline) or that they were more or less effective than a normal saline dose. However, there were some data from one study that suggested that high-dose saline (HS) might be more painful than low dose saline. The evidence did not suggest that one agent was better than the others. The quality of the research was poor, as was the overall reporting. More research is needed to find the best agent(s) to use and the best dose to use, and to find out how to best treat telangiectasias.
We found seven randomised controlled studies (RCTs) with 241 participants that met our inclusion criteria. Salbutamol, insulin-dextrose, bicarbonate, and aminophylline were all effective in the treatment of patients with high blood potassium levels. Insulins were not found to be more effective than bicarbol, and neither was a beta-blocker. Insulin was more likely to reduce the amount of blood potassium in the blood than other drugs. None of the studies looked at the effect of IV or nebulised drugs on adverse events, such as death, heart arrhythmias, or heart failure. There was no data on the use of other drugs or drugs that are commonly used drugs to treat high blood blood potassium.
We found 39 randomised studies, including a total of 4216 people, that compared the use of antimicrobials (antibiotics) and non-antibiotic lock solutions to the sealing of the CVC for HD. Most of the studies were of low risk of bias (low or very low) and most were well-conducted. Fifteen of the 39 studies used antibiotics, 21 used non-drugs, and 4 used both antibiotics and non drugs. Antibiotics, non drugs, or both were compared to the sealers. The studies reported the incidence of CRI, catheter thrombosis, and both. Antimicrobial lock and sealers probably make little or no impact on the risk of having a clot in the catheter. The combination of an antibiotic and a non drug may make a small difference to the rate of a clot, but we are uncertain about this. The risk of a blood clot is low and very low, so we are not able to be sure of this.
We identified 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 1098 participants. Of these, six studies compared pre-emptive treatment versus placebo or treatment of CMV when the CMV disease occurred (standard care) and eight looked at the use of a drug to prevent CMV (antiviral prophylactics) and one looked at oral versus intravenous pre-medication. Of the 15 RCTs, 1098 patients took part in the 15 studies. The review found that people who had a transplant who received a pre-start of the transplant had a reduced risk of developing CMV. However, there was not a difference in the risk of dying from CMV or from any cause. There were no clear benefits or harms of pre-immunosuppressive drugs or antiviral drugs compared with those that are given before the transplantation. There was a lack of data on adverse events. The quality of the studies was low to very low, which means that we are not able to be sure of the results. The risk of bias was low in most of the 15 trials.
We identified three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the effect of sweet potato with a placebo (sugar pill) on blood glucose levels in 140 adults with type 2 diabetics. All three RCTs were done by the same trialist. The mean age of the adults in all three trials ranged from 59.6 years to 74.6. The trials were conducted in the USA, the UK and the Netherlands. The studies were of low or very low risk of bias, which means that they may have been at risk of being biased. There was a significant improvement in blood sugar levels at three to five months with 4 g/day sweet potato preparation compared to placebo (mean difference -0.3% (95% to 0.6%) and a significant decrease in the HbA1c (0.6% to 1.0%) at three and five months, respectively. No serious adverse effects were found. Diabetic complications and morbidity, death from any cause, health-related quality of life, well-being, functional outcomes and costs were not included in the review. There is insufficient evidence about the use of sweet potatoes in the management of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
We searched for studies that assessed the effects of the active breathing technique on lung function, sputum weight, lung function (sputum in the airway), and the number of lung flare-ups. We found 19 studies with a mean age of 22.33 years. The average age of the people who took part ranged from six to 63 years. In 13 of the 19 studies, follow up was a single day. However, there were two long-term randomised studies with follow up of one to three years. Five studies (192 people) were included in the meta-analysis. The remaining 14 studies were cross-over (cross-over) studies with inadequate reports for complete assessment. Five of the studies were of high quality. The other 14 were of low quality. Most of the trials did not report on key aspects of the treatment, and so, we could not be sure of the results. The results from five studies, with data from eight studies, showed that the active cycle breathing technique was comparable with the other airway clearance therapies. There was no difference in lung function or in the rate of lung pain between the treatment and control groups. There were no differences in quality of life, lung pain, and the need for breathing therapy between the breathing technique and autogenic drainage, and there was no evidence that there was a difference between the therapy and airway oscillating devices. Preference of breathing technique varied: more people in the control group preferred the use of airway drainage over the breathing method. More people preferred autogenic drains over the active method. The number of people with cystic fibrosis who had a flare-up of their lungs was the same in both the active and control group. There is not enough data to be able to say whether or not the treatment should be used. The studies were too short to be sure that it is safe to use it in the long term. Longer-term studies are needed to better assess the
We found eight randomised clinical trials with 733 women in total that looked at the use of brief co-incubation of the sperm and oocytes in IVF. The evidence is up to date as of May 2015. The review found that brief coincubations of the ovary and sperm may improve the ongoing pregnancy and clinical pregnancy rates for infertile women undergoing IVF cycles. There were 127 ongoing pregnancies in two trials including 426 women. Measuring the clinical pregnancy rate, there were 93 clinical pregnancies in three trials including 372 women. The low quality of the evidence showed that the brief co incubation protocol was associated with a significantly higher clinical birth rate than the overnight insemination protocol. For the miscarriage rate, the evidence suggested that there was no difference in the odds of miscarriage between the brief incubations and the inseminations. More trials are required to assess whether brief incuulation of sperm and ovary would contribute to a higher live birth rate and a lower miscarriage rate compared to the standard insement protocol.
This review of five studies found that babies ventilatorised with a long IT were more prone to air leaks and deaths than those ventilators with a short IT. There was no difference in the rate of BPD, but there were more deaths with a longer IT. Caution should be drawn from these results, as these studies were carried out in a time when the use of long ITs were not common.
We found 33 randomised studies involving 5110 patients. Overall, there was inconclusive evidence about the effects of TFU. The studies were of low quality. There is a large variety in the ways the TFU was performed (the health care providers who undertook the treatment, frequency, structure, length of time, duration, and etc.). Many different outcomes have been measured, but only a few were found in more than one study. The results of the studies show that TFU has an effect on some of the outcomes, but not all of them. However, TFU does not seem to be an intervention that has an adverse effect. In summary, we do not have enough data to conclude whether TFU is an effective intervention.
We found 38 randomised trials that evaluated six broad types of strategies to improve retention. For 34 of the trials, retention was response to postal and e-mail questionnaires with or with medical test kits. For four trials, the retention was the number of people remaining in the trial. The trials were conducted in a range of disease areas, countries, healthcare and health care settings. Most of the retention trials that we found evaluated the amount of time that people took to return to the trial site and the time that they took to respond to the questionnaire. We found that some strategies, such as the use of a'monetary' incentive, an offer of a non-monetary or 'enhanced' reward, or a 'package' of mail, may be more effective than those that do not include these. There was no evidence that the addition of a telephone survey was more or less good than a monetary and a questionnaire. However, we found that there was no good evidence that a 'gold-plated' or 'blinded' trial design was better than a 'double blind' design. There were few trials that looked at ways to improve the amount that people return to trial sites for a trial. Some of these were based on a single trial. There is some evidence that some of these strategies may be better than the others.
We found eight randomised controlled studies (RCTs) that involved 829 participants (416 and 413 people in the pLMA and cLMA groups, respectively). We identified six cross-over studies that are not yet published. One is completed but has not yet been published, and the results of the other five RCTs were not yet known. Seven of the eight studies reported on the main outcome of the review, which was the failure of the airway to properly ventilate. We found that there was no evidence that either of the two airway types was better than the other. We assessed this outcome by using the GRADE score. We are uncertain about the effects of both devices in terms of failure of airway or ventilation. There were very few events in both groups, and we were not able to tell whether one was more or less good at ventilating. We were able to assess the effect of one airway type on the other, but we could not tell whether it was better or worse. We also found that the ProSeal mask made a better seal on the larynx than the Classic mask. However, more time was required to insert the device (10.12 seconds) and more people had to be ventilated if they used it. We did not find evidence that one of the devices was more good at breathing on its own. We could not be sure whether the other airway was worse or worse than the first. We rated the quality of evidence for all outcomes, as assessed by GRADE, as low, due to issues with blinding and imprecision.
We found 19 randomised controlled studies (RCTs) with a total of 1453 participants. Fifteen of these studies were not included in the previous review. Participants were aged from four to 18 years from eight different countries and were mostly from paediatric gastroenterology clinics. The mean age at the time of the study ranged from 6.3 years to 13.1 years. Fourteen of the 19 RCTs were of probiotic-based interventions (13 studies), four were of fibre-based treatments (four), one was of low FODMAP (fermentable oligosaccharides, disaccharide, monosacchlorides, monousaccharidides and polyols) diets (one), and the other was of fructose-restricted diet (one). We found that probiotics may be effective in improving pain at zero to three months postintervention than those given placebo. There was a greater reduction in pain at the same time point in the probiotics group than in the control group. There were no differences between the probiotic group and the group that did not receive probiotics. We also found that children treated with probiotics were more than twice as likely to have an improvement in their pain at three to six months compared to those who did not take probiotics, and more than in those who received a placebo. We found moderate- to low-quality evidence for these outcomes due to the small number of participants in the studies and differences in the types of probiotics used in the trials. We judged the quality of the evidence to be moderate for pain and low for the other outcomes. We were not able to pool the results of the studies as there were too few children in each of the trials to be able to do so. Clinicians may therefore consider probiotics as part well as part of a holistic management of irritable bowel syndrome, and probiotics should be considered in the longer term (up to 12 months). We judged
We found 22 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 4490 participants. All were randomised studies (3 were cluster RCTs), and 19 of the 22 studies had analysable outcome data. Seventeen of the studies had student populations. Most of the trials had a high risk of bias, which means that their results may be biased. Findings from the five trials with bias were mixed. The 19 trials (n = 3176) and 19 trials with prejudice outcomes showed a small to medium effect of the intervention, at the three time points (1 week to 2 months, 1 to 2 and 6 to 9 months) on the level of prejudice. The three trials with continuous outcomes were mixed as well. The five studies with bias showed no effect. The two trials with dichotomous (two groups of people) and the 19 studies with prejudice were mixed, with no evidence of an effect on either. The results from the 19 and 21 trials with the two groups of studies with the same outcome showed that the intervention may have a moderate to large effect on reducing the amount of prejudice, but there is not enough data to say whether it has a large or a large impact. We found that there is very little data about the costs of the interventions. The studies were very diverse, and we could not be sure of the effects of the programmes. The quality of the evidence was low or very low for the main outcomes for the studies, which was low for bias, low for harms and low for costs. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2015.
We found 85 studies that took place in 41 countries, including eight high-income countries, 18 low-income, 18 middle-income and 15 low-poor. Forty-six studies explored the views of healthy pregnant or postnatal women, 17 studies looked at the views and views of healthcare providers and 22 included both women and their views. The evidence is up-to-date as of 26 November 2016. We found that for women, initial or continued use of ANC for the first time depends on a perception that doing so will be a good experience. This is a result of the provision of good-quality local health care that is not dependent on the payment of informal fees and that includes continuity of care, and that allows staff to take the time needed to provide relevant support, information and safety for the woman and the baby, as and when they need it. Whether they continue to use ANC or not depends on their experience of ANC design and provision when they access it for the very first time. For healthcare providers, whether they can provide the kind of high-quality, relationship-based, non-informal health care provision that is likely to facilitate access by women and staff, and whether they have the time to do so, depends on the availability of sufficient resources and staff as well as the time they need to do it, and on the fact that they do not need to be overwhelmed with the amount of work they have to do. This review has identified key barriers and facilitators to the uptake (or not) of antenatal care for pregnant and postpartum women, and in the provision (or lack of) of good quality health care by healthcare providers. It complements the review of models of ANC provision and provides evidence on why a particular type of health care for some pregnant and preterm women may or may not be acceptable, accessible, or valued by some of them and their families/communities. Those providing and funding health care should consider the three
Sixteen trials, involving 3361 patients, were included in the review. Overall, the risk of poor outcome and secondary ischaemia after SAH was reduced. Calcium antagonists were found to reduce the risk for both of these. Magnesium sulphate and nimodipine were both shown to be promising drugs for the treatment of SAH. The results for 'poor results' are based on a single large trial of oral nmodipine. For other drugs, the results were not clear. Intravenous treatment of calcium antagonists was not found to be helpful. Magnesium sulphate is a promising drug but more evidence is needed before it can be recommended for use in routine care.
We identified three randomised trials including 739 children. All three trials used a cut-off of one year as the cut-offs for pre-treatment risk stratification. They all used the age of the patients as the cutting off point for the risk of high-risk disease. One of the three studies was funded by a charity, while the other two studies were funded by industry. We found that the myeloablative treatment appears to be effective in terms of survival. There was a significant increase in event-free survival when we combined data from all three of the studies. There is no evidence of an effect when we included data from two of the trials. We did not find evidence of a difference between the treatment groups in the rates of death from any cause. We could not be sure whether this was due to the fact that all three studies were small and had some problems with their methods. We also found that there was no clear difference in the rate of side effects between the groups. We were not able to draw any conclusion on the best treatment for high- risk disease in this review. The best study to answer these questions is a trial with a long-term follow-up of patients. These trials should be well-conducted and have a high risk of bias, which means that we cannot be sure of the results.
We found eight randomised clinical trials (632 participants) that met the inclusion criteria. The mean age ranged from 16 years to 78 years. The participants ranged from 60% to 75% and the proportion of men ranged from 22% to 85%. The mean follow-up duration was 12 months (2 months to 38 months). We found that TACE plus 3-DCRT compared with TACE alone may have reduced death from any cause, but we are very uncertain about this. We are also very uncertain in the results of the non-serious adverse events. We found evidence that people who had TACE followed by 3- DCRT may have more tumour growth than those who had no TACE, but this may be due to an increase in the number of people with a tumour. We rated the quality of the trials as low to very low. The quality of evidence was very low to low, so we cannot be sure of the results. We judged the overall certainty of the evidence to be low or very low, which means that we have very little confidence in the findings.
We searched for randomised controlled trials that looked at the effects of increasing the amount of food and/or fluid that babies with CLD/BPD receive. We found no trials that assessed this topic. However, we found one study that showed that preterm babies who were fed diet enriched with protein and minerals had improved growth. The other study showed that both groups were not able to reach the pre-targeted feed volume and that there were no differences between the groups in growth, lung growth, oedema (swelling), and the diuretic requirements. We conclude that there is a need for more research on this subject.
We found 13 randomised controlled trials involving 2341 patients. Nine of the 13 studies were of low or very low risk of bias across the six domains, and there was a high risk of systematic bias. For the subclavian vein (nine studies, 2030 patients) and 2049 procedures, we found that the use of a high-resolution, low-resolution (2D or 3D) image of the vein was more likely to be successful on the first attempt. However, we did not find a difference in the risk of accidental blood clot formation (three trials, 498 patients) or blood clots (three studies, 224 patients) in the first time. The femoral vein (four trials, 311 patients) was less well-reported, and we found a small increase in the success rate of the first use of the device. The results for Doppler ultrasound (two- and three-drum method) and for the femoral veins (one method) are uncertain. We found no data on death or adverse events. We conclude that two-dimensional ultrasound offers small gains in the safety and quality of the procedure when used as a first-time cannulation for catheterization. The quality of evidence was low for most of the outcomes, and very low or low for some of them.
Fifteen randomised trials were included in this review. Four of the 15 studies, 29 people, used intravenous infusion; four, 131 patients, used a form of the same drug in an oral form, four, 1456 people, did not use oral form; and one, 181, used an oral skin patch. The results from two of the four studies of the oral form were based on a small group of people who had been identified as responders in a pre-blinded trial. There are no results from the four trials of the controlled-release form. The oral form did not seem to work as a treatment for Alzheimer’s disease. There were more people who withdrew from the trial due to adverse events (22/183 vs 2/183) and more people from the control group who had at least one event of nausea, or both, at 6, 12, and 24 weeks. There was no clear evidence that the best dose of physostigmine was the same as a placebo. The two studies that used a skin patch showed that the double dose (delivering 12 mg/day) was more successful than the lower dose, and the higher dose was better than the placebo. There is a lack of data on the long-term effects of this drug. The studies were not large and there was a high risk of bias, so we cannot be sure of the results.
We found 13 randomised trials involving 16,112 participants. Eleven of the 13 trials included in the meta-analysis compared fibrates with placebo. Eleven trials included people with a history of heart disease, and the other two included a mix of people with CVD. We judged overall risk of bias to be low. We found that the fibrate class can be effective in the prevention of the main outcome of non-fatal stroke, non-cause myocardial infarction (MI), and vascular death. However, this is based on the use of a drug, clofibrate, that was stopped in 2002, due to the high risk of side effects. Fibrates were not effective in preventing death from any cause. There was no increase in the risk of death from vascular cause. The quality of evidence was moderate.
Twelve trials involving 3285 healthy women at low risk of bleeding after elective CS (nine studies, 2453 women) or non-elective CS, and three studies, 832 women, were included in this review. All of the women had a routine prophylactics (uterotonics) in the same way as the uterotonic drugs, in addition to TA or no treatment, or both. Nine of the studies had a high risk of bias (risk of bias) and six had a low risk (low risk) of bias. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2015. The use of uterotonics (in addition to uterotic drugs) reduces blood loss after birth and CS in women who have not had a caesarean section. The risk of blood loss greater than 400 mL or 500 mL, and more than 1000 mL was less common in the group of women who received TA versus no intervention. Mean blood loss (from the time of birth up to two hours postpartum) was lower in the women who had received TA compared to women who did not have TA. The effect of TA on maternal deaths, severe morbidity and thromboembolic events is not clear (low quality evidence). Mild side effects such as nausea, vomiting, dizziness were more common with the use of TA. There is insufficient evidence to draw conclusions about serious side effects, but there is an increase in the incidence of minor side effects with the treatment of TA (moderate quality of evidence).
We found 12 studies with 2494 participants (1586 children and 908 adults) comparing amantadine and rimantadide with placebo (sugar pill) or zanamivir (drugs that do not work) or with other drugs (e.g. paracetamol) to treat influenza A. We found no trials that assessed the effect of rimantide in the elderly. The studies were of low to very low risk of bias and the quality of the evidence was low. The results showed that the use of the drug rimantidide can reduce fever on day three of treatment in children and adults. There was no evidence of side effects of treatment with amantide or rimantidine in the older age group. The evidence was of low or very low quality.
We identified nine randomised controlled trials (RCTs) including 1512 women. Most of these studies were of low or very low risk of bias. In seven of the studies the women were undergoing IUI and in the other two of these trials the participants were trying to conceive from sex. Eight trials compared the use of endometrial injury with no injury or a sham surgery. One of these two trials compared endometrial injury in the cycle prior to the IUI with the same treatment in the same cycle as the IU. One trial compared higher vs. low degree of endometric surgery. We are not able to say whether endometric injury improves live birth or birth/ongoing pregnancy rates. The quality of the evidence was very low or low. When we looked at women who had an IUI before or after surgery, we found that there was no effect on the chance of having a live birth, but there was a small increase in the risk of the birth or live birth. We also found that when we compared hysteroscopy with endometry, there was not a difference in the rate of birth or pregnancy. The studies did not look at the pain that the surgery caused. We graded the evidence as very low to low quality. The main reasons for this are that most of the trials were small and at a high risk of being at a bias. We rated the quality of evidence as low to very low.
We found four randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 3905 participants, all of which were of high risk of bias. The four RCTs (3905 participants) all evaluated one comparison: the use of oral care versus usual care. We did not pool the results from one RCT, which was stopped at interim review due to lack of a clear difference between groups. We were not able to draw any clear conclusion from one of the studies. We found no high- or low- or very low-quality evidence to show which oral care methods are most effective for reducing the risk of pneumonia in nursing homes. We could not be sure whether or not oral care was more or less likely to lead to death due to pneumonia in people living in a nursing home. We also could not tell whether oral care led to a decrease in the rate of first episodes of pneumonia. We rated the evidence as low quality.
We found five studies (149 patients) that met the inclusion criteria. These five trials assessed bismuth subsalicylate versus placebo, budesonide, mesalazine versus mesalamide plus cholestyramine and beclometasone dipropionate. The five RCTs were judged to be at high risk of bias. The study which compared bistodolide versus placebo was judged to have a very small number of patients and a low quality of the data. The other 3 studies were judged at low risk. Budesonide (9 mg/day for 6 to 8 weeks) was found to be more effective than placebo for the induction of a response to treatment. There were no changes in the amount of active lymphocytic colitis at 8 weeks, 12 months or 12 months in the mesalamine and mesalidine group compared to the placebo group. There was no change in the number of people in the bismolide group or the histological response at 12 months of treatment. The studies which assessed mesalamines and budesonides compared with placebo were judged as at low or very low risk due to lack of blinding (i.e. patients and doctors knew which treatment group the patients were in) and the other 3 trials were judged low quality due to the very small numbers of patients in the study and the low number of participants in the other three trials. The results of the mesaline and budesonide trials showed that budesonid may be effective for the treatment of active colitis, but this needs to be confirmed by a large, well-conducted, placebo-controlled trial. There is insufficient high-quality data to draw conclusions about the effect of mesalamyz versus mesalinez. The review found that mesalanez and mesalinazine with or without cholestramine or mesalainez plus mesalamez may be helpful for the management of lymphocy
Twelve randomised trials were included and evaluated outcomes in 3259 patients. Nine trials compared self-monitoring of blood glucose with the use of an insulin pump, one compared SMBG and SMUG with SMUG, one study was a three-armed trial, one was a two-armed study and one trial was a trial that used SMBG plus SMUG versus SMUG. Participants in the studies ranged from 6 months (26 weeks) to 12 months (52 weeks). Nine of the 12 trials were conducted in the USA, one in the UK and one each in the Netherlands and Turkey. The studies were conducted between 1990 and 2011. The average follow-up time of the trials ranged from six months to 52 weeks. In all 12 trials, SMBG was compared to SMUG and SMBG with a control group, or SMBG alone or SMUG combined with SMBG. In nine of the 11 trials, self-medication was compared with usual care. In one of the three studies, the intervention was a combination of SMBG, SMUG or SMIG plus SMBG compared with a non-SMBG group. In the other two trials, participants were assigned to SMBG or a SMUG alone. In both of the studies, participants received SMBG in the form of a reflectance meter, which is a device that records the amount of glucose in the blood and urine. Self-medications were compared with no intervention or with other interventions, such as SMBG combined with other medicines. The cost of self-management of blood sugar was 12 times more expensive in the first year compared to self-treatment of urine glucose. There were few data on the effects on other outcomes and these effects were not significant. None of the included trials reported data on morbidity. From this review, we conclude that when diabetes duration is over one year, the overall effect of self monitoring of blood blood glucose on blood glucose levels in patients with type 2 diabetes who are
Eleven studies involving 471 participants with AsPD were included in this review. Only five of the studies were of high quality, with data from 276 participants. Only one study was of an AsPD sample, and the other five were of a group of people who were not of the AsPD group. Overall, there was not much evidence to support the use of any type of treatment for AsPD. However, there were a few studies that showed some improvement in some aspects of behaviour, but not all of them. For some outcomes, such as the impact of the treatment on the person’s general health and well being, or on the way he or she functions in the real world, there appeared to be little or no improvement. There was a lack of evidence to show that any form of treatment was more effective than the other. There is a need for more research in this area.
This is an update of a review that was first published in 2004. We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) published up to July 2014. We found 11 RCTs that met our inclusion criteria. Six of the 11 studies contributed to one or more of the meta-analyses for the review. Five of the eleven studies were conducted in the USA and five in the UK. The studies included a total of 1047 adults and children and adults. There was a moderate risk of bias due to the lack of details about the methods used in some of the studies and because an unknown number of participants were likely to have chest or sinus infections. There is no evidence of benefit from antibiotics for the common cold or for persisting acute purulent rhinitis in children or adults. However, there is some evidence that the use of antibiotics for both common cold and acute purulence can cause adverse effects in adults and all ages when given for acute purulant rhinusitis. Routine use of antibiotic treatment for these conditions is not recommended. The evidence is up to date as of July 2015.
We found five trials (162 participants) that met our criteria for this review. Participants' ages ranged from 12 to 77 years; two participants were younger than 15 years. One study was funded by a drug company. The other four trials were funded by the manufacturer of azithromycin. The studies did not report the source of funding. We did not perform a meta-analysis due to heterogeneity of the patients and the types and types of treatment. The mean PASI score ranged from 5.7 (i.e. mild) to 23.7 points at the start of the study. Twenty-three of 162 participants had a streptococcus-positive throat swab culture. One three-armed trial (N = 43) assessed penicillin versus erythromycin (50,000 international units (IU)/kg/day in three key doses) versus no treatment (six weeks of treatment, with eight-week follow-up from start of treatment). One trial (n = 20) assessed rifampicin (300 mg twice daily) versus placebo (14-day treatment duration; six-week of treatment) and one study (n= 20) did not assess any of the outcomes that we assessed. One of the five trials assessed long-term azithomycin treatment (500 mg daily dose) versus vitamin C. Adverse events were reported in the azithymcin group (10 out of 30 had nausea and mild abdominal upset), but not in the vitamin C group. There was very low-risk of bias due to high risk of bias (absence of blinding of participants and caregivers) and imprecision (a low number of events). Hence, we are very uncertain about the results of this review, and we are uncertain of both the effect and safety of both of these treatments. We rated the quality of the results as very low.
We identified 12 randomised clinical trials enrolling 933 adults with MS. Eleven of the 12 trials tested the use of vitamin D, and one trial tested a non-vitivant D₃ treatment. Eleven studies were funded by public sources, and the other one was funded by a public source. The 12 studies enrolled 933 people with MS; 464 were recruited to the vitamin D group, and 469 to the placebo group. We found that there was no clear effect of the treatment on the risk of relapse of MS, the rate of relapse, or the severity of MS symptoms. There was a small amount of low-quality, low- or very low-risk of bias in the 12 studies. Vitamin D was not found to be safe, but it was well-tolerated. There were no data on the time to first treated relapse, the number of people requiring a hospitalisation, the percentage of people who were still free of MS at the end of the study, the amount of time that the MS had progressed, or on the effect of treatment on symptoms of MS. The studies did not report on the effects of the drugs used to treat MS, so we could not be sure if these drugs are safe. The quality of the evidence was low to very low due to the small number of participants in the studies, the low numbers of events, and because the data were not of high quality. We judged the evidence to be of very low quality. The evidence is up-to-date as of July 2018.
We found 62 randomised clinical trials that met our inclusion criteria. This review contains a total of 62 studies, with 4241 participants. Thirty-six studies used a cross-over design, with the greatest number (11) for seven days for each arm of the trial. Fifteen of the 62 studies were of high risk of bias, which means that there is a high chance that their results may be biased. The studies were small, often small, and were mostly carried out for registration, so they were not able to tell us whether they were of good or poor quality. The main outcomes for this review were pain and pain relief. We found that morphine is an effective analgesic for cancer pain, but the number of people with good pain relief was small. Morphine has a wide range of doses that can be used in studies, and some people are not good at taking it. We judged the studies to be of low quality.
Fourteen randomised trials were included, with 1260 participants, with 1361 triggers. The age of participants ranged from 16 to 88 years; and the average age of the people included in the trials ranged from 60 to 74 years. The average duration of symptoms ranged from three to 15 months, and the follow-up after the procedure ranged from eight weeks to 23 months. The studies reported nine types of comparisons: open surgery versus steroid injections (two studies); percutaneous surgery versus steroids injections (five studies); open surgery compared with steroid injections plus ultrasound-guided hyaluronic acid injection (one study); open surgeries plus steroid injections compared with open surgery (five randomised controlled trials), percutous surgery versus open surgery; endoscopic surgery versus surgery (one trial); and three types of incision for surgery (transverse incision of the skin in the distal palmar crease, transversal incision in the skin about 2–3 mm distal from distal lip of the lip of skin, and longitudinal incision) (one randomised trial). Most of the studies had some design flaws and were considered to be at high or unclear risk of bias, which means that they did not have a positive effect on the results. We are uncertain whether open surgery was more or less effective than steroid injections in the first week after the surgery, and we are not sure whether it is more painful than steroid injection. However, open surgery is the oldest and the most widely used treatment method and considered as a first-line treatment for trigger finger pain, and is often used as the first choice treatment in clinical practice. Compared with steroid injection, there was low- or very low-quality evidence that open surgery provides benefits with respect to less triggering recurrence, although it has the disadvantage of being more painful. At one week, 9/49 (184 per 1000) people had pain on the palm of the hand in the open surgery group compared with 38/
Three studies, with 931 patients, were included in the review. All three studies tested neoadjuvant treatments: RT plus PCV versus PCV alone; PCV chemotherapy alone; and temozolomide (a drug used to treat tumours) or PCV and RT alone. One study, the EORTC (EORTC) trial, showed that people with AO or AOA who had PCV or RT alone had a longer time to live than those with PCV only. The other two studies, the RTOG and the NOA (NOA-04) study, found that PCV was better than RT alone in terms of survival, but PCV did not seem to be a substitute for RT. However, PCV can cause a number of side effects, and whether it can be used to replace RT alone is not clear.
We found five randomised trials with a total of 240 children aged one to 18 years with OSA. The five trials were performed in specialised sleep medicine clinics at tertiary care centres. Follow-up time ranged from six weeks to four months. Three studies (n = 137) compared intranasal corticostomolone, a corticosteroid, with placebo (sugar pill) and the other two RCTs, which included 103 children, were conducted in the USA. Two of the five studies compared montelukast with placebo. All five of the studies were funded by a drug company. There is not yet enough evidence to be sure whether the use of corticoids for the treatment of OSA in children is helpful. We are uncertain about the effect of montalukent on the AHI (low- and high-certainty) as well as on the quality of life (moderate certainty). We are also not sure about the effects on the other key outcomes of the review (e.g. desaturation (low certainty), airway pressure, and blood flow to the brain (low quality), as there were too few children in the studies. We also had concerns about selective reporting in one of the three studies. Montelukent has short-term effects on OSA (moderate and high certainty) in children with mild to mild OSA, but we are not sure whether it has long-term benefits (low to high certainty). The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2018.
We found six randomised controlled trials and three clinical trials involving 1291 children. Of the six studies, five investigated the prevention of VTE (n = 737), and one study compared AT and LMWH with LMWH, and one CCT, which compared AT, low-dose warfarin or LMWH plus LMWH to LMWH and AT. All six RCTs/CCTs had a high risk of bias. We found no differences between the intervention groups and control groups in preventing VTE, and we found no clear differences in adverse events (such as thrombocytopenia (blood clots in veins), heparin-induced VTE or HIT) or death due to VTE. None of the six trials assessed asymptomatic VTE in children with CVCs. However, we found that the use of LMWH as an add-on treatment to AT, and the addition of AT, LMWH or FFP did reduce VTE without any side-effects. In one trial, we also found a reduction in VTE when LMWH was added to AT. In the control group, none of the children were found to have VTE as a result of AT. We could not tell whether any of the studies were well-designed, so we could not be sure of the results. We rated the quality of evidence for VTE and adverse events as moderate to high. The quality of the data was low, which could be due to the low number of children in the study and the small number of patients. We are not able to draw any firm conclusions on the effects of these treatments on VTE because of the lack of evidence.
Three trials with a total of 287 patients were included. The first trial of 98 participants showed that CSFD reduced the rate of postopular aneurysm damage to the spinal cord in 14 (30%) of CSFD group and 17 (33%) controls. In the second trial of 33 patients, CSFD was used in combination with papaverine. It showed an 80% decrease in the risk of a postopulmonary aneuriesm injury to the brain. The third trial of 145 patients used CSFD to repair the aneurise. CSFD started during the surgery and was continued for 48 hours. Overall, there was no clear difference in the number of people who had a brain injury after CSFD. There were no major adverse events. There is a need for more research on CSFD in the treatment of thoracic and thoracoabdominal aneurism surgery.
We found 13 randomised studies, with a total of 662 participants, that compared NB-UVB with PUVA or no PUVA, or both. Eleven of the 13 studies were conducted in the USA, one in the UK, and one each in Australia, the Netherlands, Italy, and the Netherlands. We found that people with CPP or GP were more likely to reach a PASI score of 75 or more than 75% if they received NB-VUB or PUVA compared with oral PUVA. The other three studies were from the USA and one was from the UK. In one of the studies, people who took part in the study had a 75% reduction in their Psoriasis Area and Severity Index (PASI) 75 (which meant equal to or more to 75% improvement in their psoriasis area and severity index) and a 25% decrease in their PASIs. In the other three trials, people in the PUVA treatment groups had a 50% or more reduction in the PASIS. The studies did not show a clear-up rate of PASis in people who were treated with NB-UVAB. The evidence from the three other trials of CPP was not consistent. In people with PPP, one trial found there were no differences in the clearance rate of NBUVB and PUVA in terms of clearing PPP. NBUVAB seemed to be similar to PUVA plus retinoid treatment for clearing CPP. In two of the three RCTs, NBUVBA was not better than PUVA alone. The quality of the evidence was low or very low, which means that we are very uncertain about the results. The results of the review are based on a small number of studies and the quality of evidence is low or low. Larger studies are needed to confirm the long-term safety of NB-uvB.
Twenty one studies were identified with a total of 1525 participants. About half the trials had low risk of bias for randomising and the other half had a low risk for bias. We found some evidence that biofeedback and stimulation may be more effective than stimulation alone. There was not much evidence as to whether there was a difference in outcome for any method of biofeed back or exercise training. There is a suggestion that some of the methods used in the trials may have a treatment effect. However, there is a lack of data and we are not certain of this. There are some suggestions that rectal volume training may be a good way to help people with incontinence, but more trials are needed to be sure about this.
This is an update of a review that was first published in 2004. We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in March 2015. We found 39 RCTs that met our inclusion criteria. They were all small and of low or very low quality reporting data on only a few outcomes. The review found that there is a trade-off between the risks of infection and recatheterisation (removal of the catheter) if a catheter is not used after surgery. There is no clear difference between the use of a urethral catheter and suprapubic catheter in terms of the risk of re-catheterisation, but there is some evidence that a catheters are more likely to need to be removed if they are placed in the urethra rather than in the vagina (surgent) after surgery, and that a clamp-and-release policy before catheter removal may reduce the time taken for the catherter to return to normal voiding.
Ten studies (3340 participants) were included in the review. Seven of these compared aripiprazole monotherapy versus placebo (2239 people) and two studies (485 participants) used lithium (485 people) or haloperidol (480 people). Two of the studies (754 people) also used valproate or lithium plus another drug treatment (lithium) as an add-on treatment, and one study (347 people) used haloprazole alone. The other two trials used both valproat and lithium plus aripine, and the third (347 participants). The trials were small, with a high dropout rate from most of the trials (> 20% for each treatment in eight of the eight studies), which may have had an impact on the results. Aripine was more effective than placebo at three and four weeks, but not at six weeks or 12 weeks, and at 12 weeks. Compared with the other drugs used in the trials, arizaprazole caused more symptoms of mania, such as nausea (nausea) and constipation (gastro-indigestion), and caused more children/adolescents to have a prolactin level that fell below the lower limit of normal (high quality) and more people to need treatment with anticholinergics (high or moderate quality). Arizeprazole did not cause more side effects than other drugs, although it caused more movement disorders than halopine and more nausea, and more patients to need to take antichololinergic drugs. The quality of the evidence was low or very low. The overall risk of bias was unclear, which means that there is a chance that the results may have been influenced by the way in which the trials were conducted.
We found three randomised controlled studies (RCTs) and one CCT that compared the use of antibiotics plus a 'lock' (e.g. ethanol or urokinase or ethanol lock) with antibiotics alone. No RCTs or clinical trials were published on antibiotic lock treatment alone. We found no evidence of differences in the number of patients cured, the rate or duration of CVC infection, the amount of time the CVC was left in the blood, the need for CVCs to be taken out, or the need to have them taken out of the blood. However, this could be due to low power or a too-short time in the study. No adverse events were found in the five studies that assessed this outcome. The five studies of cohort studies (one cohort was included in two of the five publications) found no adverse events, but some of the cohort studies reported CVC problems. No evidence was found of a difference in the rate of side effects of the treatment. More studies are needed to assess the effect of locking the blood of children with CVC-related infections in children with cancer.
We found 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that looked at the effects of a range of treatments for acute whiplash pain. Of these, three were rated low risk of bias. Three TPE themes emerged. One of these was the effect of an educational video of advice to activate, and the other was the use of self-care. The other was advice on stress-coping skills, workplace ergonomics and self- care. There is low to very low quality evidence from three trials that a video with a video on advice to 'act' is more effective than no intervention for relieving neck pain. However, there is very low to low quality data on the other aspects of TPE that we looked at. We found that self care and stress coping skills did not work. There was moderate to low or very low or low quality of evidence for the other three TPE topics.
We found 49 relevant studies and pieces of literature, which met the same criteria as the Cochrane review, but which were not of the same type as the review. These 49 studies, which are based on the same population, intervention and results, but from the same parts of the wider literature, and together form the basis of a meta-review. The meta-analysis shows that people at risk of CJD or vCJD may be better off when they are informed about health care, and that there is a range of ways to help them, such as education and support. There is a lack of evidence on the best way to help those at risk, or how best to inform them, and so the meta-analytics can be used to inform policy and practice on how to reach out to them.
We found one randomised clinical trial (N = 304 and N = 204) that looked at the use of opioids (prolonged oxycodone/naloxone) versus placebo. After 12 weeks, RSL symptoms were better in the drug group than in the control group. Opioids were better than placebo. More patients in the group were able to take their medicine, and more of them were also able to respond to the medicine. The drug group was more likely than the placebo group to be able to use the medicine, but there was a high dropout rate (low to very low) from the trial. The results of the one study showed that opioids were more likely to improve sleep and quality of life, and sleep was better in both groups. There was no effect on daytime somnolence, sleepiness, or tiredness. More adverse events were seen in the opioid group. The most common side effects were gastrointestinal problems, fatigue, and headache. The quality of the evidence was low or very low because of the small size of the study and the low dropout rates.
Fifteen trials, involving 1022 adults, were included. While all trials compared the use of external fixation versus a plaster cast, there was considerable variation in terms of the type of fracture and the types of patients. There was insufficient evidence to be able to draw conclusions about the effect of this method of surgery on outcomes such as function or function of the bone. There were a high number of adverse events, such as pin-track infection, but most of these were small and minor. Some of these could have been avoided by a different method of pin insertion. There is some evidence to suggest that the external fixation method may be better than the plaster cast method for the treatment of the distal fracture in adults. It is not clear whether it is more or less safe than the other method.
We found five randomised controlled studies (1127 patients) that addressed this question. Generally the risk of bias of the five studies was judged low or unclear. It is not clear whether removal of the stent after kidney transplantation is better or worse than removing the stents later. The risk of UTI was reduced in the early stent removal group. This may be the case if a stent was used, but it is uncertain if it is a greater risk of MUC. There was no clear difference in the incidence of UTIs in the group that had an internal stent. Data on health costs and the impact of this on quality of life were not found. The review found that early removal of ureteric stents may reduce the number of patients who have a UTI after a kidney transplant, but there is a lack of data on this topic. The evidence is up to date as of May 2015.
We found five studies that compared crowns with fillings. Four of the studies used crowns, and two used fillings fitted using the Hall technique. One of the five included a third arm, which allowed the comparison of PMCs (fitted with the Hall method) versus non-restorative tooth care. Two of the four studies used PMCs fitted with fillers, and the other three compared PMCs with fillins. One study used PMCs fitted with a veneer, and one did not. We found that crowns placed on the front of the mouth or on the top of the gums, or both, are likely to reduce the risk of major failure or pain in the long term, and may reduce discomfort at the time of treatment, and in the short term (less than 12 months) or long term (12 months or more). Some of our key outcomes were not measured in the studies: time to restoration failure, time to loss of teeth, and costs. There were no RCTs that looked at the effects of crowns on tooth decay. There are no trials comparing crowns fitted to fillins or fillins, and there are no studies that have looked at how crowns are put in place. The quality of the trials was low or very low, so we are not able to be sure about the results.
We found 28 randomised studies involving 788 adults and children and adults. The evidence is up to date as of 26 February 2019. The studies were of variable quality and the results were not published in sufficient detail in most of these studies to be able to perform any meta-analysis. In 22 of the 28 studies the PEP technique was performed using a mask, in three of the studies a mouthpiece was used with nose clips and in three studies it was not clear whether a mask or mouthpiece were used. These studies compared PEP to ACBT, autogenic drainage (AD), oral oscillating PEP devices, high-frequency chest wall oscillation (HFCWO) and BiPaP and exercise. We found that there was little or no difference between PEP and other methods of airway clearance when used with a mask for at least one year (low- to moderate-quality evidence). However, long-term studies had equivocal or conflicting results regarding the effect on this outcome (low to high-quality data). We found limited data on the number of exacerbations. There was a lower exacerbation rate in participants using PEP compared to other airway clearing techniques when used as a series of treatments for up to three months (moderate-to-high-certainty evidence). In one of the included studies which used PEP with a mouthpipe, there was no difference in the total number of patients who had an exacerbation (low quality evidence). There was limited information on adverse events; these were measured in five studies, two of which found no events. In a study where infants performing either PEP or PDPV experienced some gastro-oesophageal reflux, this was more severe in the PDPWO group (low risk of bias). In PEP versus oscillation, adverse events were only reported in the flutter group (moderate to low quality of evidence) and in PEP plus oscillation group (high
We found four studies involving 1485 participants with CD. Most patients were adults over 18 years of age. One of the studies was identified as high risk of bias due to a non-identical placebo while the other studies were judged to be at low risk. CZP was shown to be better than placebo (fake drug) for the induction of remission and response at week 8 in people with CD and CD-DAI. The mean age of the patients in all four studies was 65 years and ranged from 220 to 450 years. The average duration of the study was six weeks. The CZPs were given 100 mg to 400 mg every 2 to 4 weeks and the mean dose of the CZp was between 200 mg and 400 mg per day. The studies were conducted in the USA, the UK, the Netherlands, and the Netherlands. The results of the four studies included 1485 adults over the age of 18 years who had CD with Crohn's disease and CDDAI and were used in the meta-analyses. Most of the people in the studies were adults and most of them were adults. The evidence is up to date as of May 2015. The overall certainty of the evidence was moderate for the results of this meta-analysis due to the small number of people in each study and the low number of participants in each group.
We identified 112 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that met our criteria. Of these, 31 studies (23,762 participants) with data on CKD patients, follow-up ranged from three months to five years, and the size ranged from 16 to 2916 patients. In total, 26 studies (19,612 people) reported data on at least one of our outcomes and were included in our meta-analysis. Of the 31 RCTs, 26 were of adults with CKD, 16 were of CKD and 16 were from people with heart failure, and 81 were of patients with chronic heart failure. We found that the effects of drugs to treat heart failure in CKD are not clear. The risk of death (any cause) was low or very low in all 112 studies. The effects of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors (ACEI) or angio-blockers (ARB) or aldosterone agonists (antibodies) on death, risk of dying from any cause, or on any cause were uncertain. We could not be sure whether drugs such as ACEi or ARB, or drugs like aldoids, aldosins, or angioploxins, had an effect on the risk of hospitalisation for heart failure as there were too few studies to be sure of these. We were not able to tell whether drugs like ACEi and ARB are better or worse than no drugs. We also could not tell if drugs like sinus-nodulant drugs (drugs that block blood flow to the heart) or drugs that block the growth of blood clots were more or less good or bad than no drug. We did not find studies that looked at the effect of drugs on the risks of high blood pressure (hypotension) or low blood glucose levels. We rated the overall certainty of the evidence for all outcomes as low or moderate. The quality of evidence was very low or
We found three randomised controlled trials (involving 1945 women) that met the inclusion criteria. The trials were of moderate quality. The studies were of mixed risk of bias, which means that the results may be biased. The review found that there was no difference between the two types of tocodynamometry. The risk of having a caesarean section, ventouse and forceps was not different. There were no deaths of the mothers or babies, but there was a high risk of high blood pressure in one study. The pooled risk for instrumental labour was not increased by the use of the external tocoton. There was no evidence that one form of the method was better than the other. The quality of the three trials was mixed. The results of this review are based on three studies (N = 1945 participants) of moderate to high quality. There is not enough evidence to suggest that one method of monitoring is any better or worse than the others.
We identified two randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 54 people with CVI. One trial was conducted in the USA and the other in the UK. Both of the studies were of high risk of bias (i.e. there was a high chance of bias in the design of both of the two trials) and we judged both of them to be at high risk. One of the RCTs reported no difference between the exercise and control groups, whereas the other reported a reduction in symptoms in the exercise group. In one of the trials, changes in change in ejection fraction, half venous refilling time and total venous re-filling time were observed in the intervention group compared with the control group. The other trial did not show a difference in these measures. One study did not find a clear difference in muscle strength or range of motion between the two groups. The risk of venous leg ulcers, incidence of surgery to treat symptoms related to CVI and exercise capacity were not assessed or reported in either of the included trials. We judged both trials to be of very low quality. Therefore, we judged the overall quality of evidence as very low according to the GRADE approach.
Seventy-six randomised studies with a mean age of 72 years were identified. Forty of the studies compared hyaluronan or hylan with a placebo (saline) or arthrocentesis. Ten of the six trials compared viscosupplements with corticosteroids, six of the trials compared nonsteroidal drugs (NSAIDs), three trials included comparisons of physical therapy, two trials did not use a placebo, and the other fifteen studies did not have a control group. Follow-up time ranged between day of last injection and eighteen months. Based on the results of these studies, the HA class of products was found to be effective in the treatment of knee OA. In some trials, some of the HA products had more long term effects than corticoids. However, there were few trials that compared the HA group of products with other types of treatment, and so we cannot say whether the HA classes are more or less safe than other forms of treatment.
Ten studies with a total of 4052 women met our criteria for this review. Four trials (1881 participants) compared misoprostol with a placebo (sugar pill) given in the dose of 600 to 1000 mcg. The other four trials compared misofrostol and oxytocin in the same dose. Four studies (1787 women) looked at the use of sublingual or sublinguant (sublingual) misoprofloxacin (a drug) as a first-line treatment for PPH. Two of the 10 studies were too small to assess the impact on our primary outcomes. Adjunctive use of the drug misoprodol (in the range of 600 mcg to 1000 Mcg) with the addition of other uterotonics did not improve the risk of death of the mother, the need for a caesarean, or the need to have a major surgery. The use of other drugs, such as tranexamic acid, may be more helpful when used as first- line therapy for the treatment of PPH, but the role of these other drugs is not yet known. Two studies (1887 and 1787 patients) compared 800 mcg sublingulant (a medicine) versus oxytocins (drugs) given as a second-line drug for the first time. The review found that misopropol was no more or less effective than other drugs for the initial treatment of primary PPH but caused fewer side effects. The trials did not have a high risk of bias. We did not identify any trials that looked at surgery for women who fail to respond to uterotonic therapy. The evidence is up to date as of May 2018.
We found six randomised clinical trials that met the inclusion criteria. Five of these studies were small and five were large. One large trial was large and involved 73 preterm infants. The evidence from this large trial does not support the routine use of cysteine-containing PN in preterm preterm babies. However, there is some low birth weight infants in the small trials and one large trial, which was large, does not show that N-acetylcysteine supplements the PN of preterm newborns. The risk of death by 36 postmenstrual weeks, lung damage, death or BPD, vision loss, retinitis of prematurity, eye problems, necrotizing (poor) brain damage, and death or retinopathy are not known to be caused by N-acsteine.
We identified 77 randomised clinical trials including 6287 adults with NAFLD. Forty-one of the studies (3829 adults) provided information for one or more outcomes. Thirty-five of the 77 trials included only people with non-alcohol related steatoheaptitis (NASH) (based on biopsies). Five trials included people with diabetes mellitus; 14 trials did not include people with a specific type of NASH; and the rest of the trials were funded by companies with no role in the study. The follow-up in all the trials ranged from 1 to 24 months. The trials were of very low or very low risk of bias, which means that we are very uncertain about the effect of any of the treatments. We found that there was no difference in the risk of death at the end of the trial or in the number of people with serious adverse events between the two groups. There was no evidence of difference between the groups in the percentage of participants who had a serious adverse event or the percentage that had a major adverse event. There were no deaths in either group. None of the people in the trials reported health-related quality of life. The studies did not provide any information about the source of funding. The quality of the evidence was very low because of the very low number of participants in the studies and the small number of events that we found. Therefore, we are not able to be sure about the results of this review. Further well-designed randomised trials with a large number of patients are necessary.
We identified 15 randomised studies of which 1172 had data that could be analysed. In total, 1282 people with MCI were identified in the 15 studies. Eleven of the 15 trials were of low quality and the other 12 were of high quality. We were not able to assess the impact of each potential source of heterogeneity as planned, due to the lack of data and the small number of studies we found. We found that the CSF test of t-tau, p-tul, and p- tau/ABeta ratio may be better than the other CSF tests, and that these tests may have a greater role in ruling out Alzheimer’s or other forms of dementia as the cause of the impairment. We did not have enough data to be sure of the effect of CSF testing on Alzheimer's or 'other forms' of dementia. We also found that some studies were of poor or poor quality. Therefore, we could not be sure about the results of this review. However, we found that CSF biomarkers may be useful in the treatment of MCI and dementia, but we are not sure if they are more or less accurate than other biomarkers. We judged the quality of the studies to be low or very low, so we cannot be sure whether they were at risk of bias.
We found three randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving 170 patients. All three RCTs were conducted in the US. The men were male and were between 50 and 75 years of age and were undergoing surgery for prostate cancer. The studies were of low to very low quality. We found evidence that propofol reduces nausea and vomiting after surgery in the short term (one to six hours). We found that the anaesthetic technique TIVA is better than the other two types of anaesthetics (sevoflurane) for reducing pain at the time of surgery. We also found low-quality data that suggests that the use of a non-steroidal anaesthetic (propofol) may prevent an increase in eye pressure in the eye (i.e. pressure in front of the eye) after the surgery. However, it is not clear whether this means that this technique is better or worse than the others. We did not find any evidence on the effect of these methods on death from any cause (all-cause death, all-cause deaths, lung or circulatory complications, brain damage, brain injury, mental health problems, length of stay or costs). Overall the studies were small, and all of them were of poor or low quality, so we are not able to be sure of the results. An ongoing trial, which includes both men and both genders, might have an impact on this topic.
We found 14 randomised studies, including 5 cohort and 9 case-control studies, with 1,601,515 women, comparing the use of corticosteroids of any type to no corticostomies. Most studies found no evidence of a difference in the risk of low birth weight (low birth weight), preterm birth, foetal death, or low Apgar score. We found that women who took corticoids of all types were more likely to have a low birth birth weight, but we did not find a clear effect when they were given to mothers who did not take them. We also found that mothers who were given corticotropin-like drugs of any kind, or those who were not, had a lower risk of the baby's death. We rated the quality of evidence from the 14 studies as low or very low. This means that we are very uncertain about the results.
We found four studies that met the inclusion criteria of this review. One of the four trials was a pilot study of the largest study: the Steroids for Corneal Ulcers Trial (SCUT). The other three trials were small. The total number of included participants was 611 (612 eyes), with a range of 30 to 500 participants per trial. The trials were conducted in the USA, India, and South Africa. All four trials compared the treatment of the eye problem with corticosteroid and with no corticostopics. These trials had a duration of two months to one year. None of them found any differences in the time to re-epithelion of the corneal ulcers. The trial of the SCUT found that the time for the cornea to close was 53% slower in the steroid group than in the sham group. However, the trial did not find any important effect on the time that the eye closed. The study did not report on adverse events. The largest trial did find that more patients in the control group had an increase in eye pressure (IOP) after treatment. One trial reported quality of life and found that there was no difference in this outcome. We did not have any data on the cost of the treatments. The four trials were well-conducted, although all four had losses of 10% or more in the final analyses. There is not enough evidence as to show whether the use of corticoids is more or less effective than corticoid-free treatment for the eyes of people with eye ulcers, but this may be due to the lack of data.
We found four trials with 450 adults with ischaemic stroke. Three trials compared percutaneous therapy with the use of intravenous therapy, and one trial did not. We found no evidence from these four trials that percutous or intramuscular treatments are better or worse than intravenous treatment. We rated the quality of evidence from the four trials as low. The trials did not have a high risk of bias, but we could not be sure of the results.
We included in the review one trial, involving 120 families and 143 children. The study compared day care with care at home (care at home) or care in the home. The evidence is up-to-date as of 30 November 2016. The trial was small and of low quality. The results of the one trial were inconclusive. No evidence suggested that day care, rather than no day care (care in the house) or no care at all, improved or worsened children's cognitive or psychosocial development. No other measures of child intellectual or psycho-behavioural development were assessed in the study. The one trial did not report on long-term outcomes for the children (high-school completion or income). This review includes one trial that provides inconclusive evidence as to the effects of day care for children younger than five years of age and their families in high-income countries. This review did not find any evidence that day-based day care improves the outcomes of children from low- or middle- or low-income families. Some of the studies included co-interventions that are unlikely to be found in normal day care centres. The quality of the evidence was very low.
This is an update of a review published in 2004. In this updated review, we identified 126 reports that met the inclusion criteria for this review. Eleven of the 30 scoring indices have undergone some form of index validation. The Nancy Index and the Robarts Histopathology Index have undergone the most validation in that four of the scoring indices (the Nancy and Robarts histopathology index) have been tested in a variety of ways. However, none of the currently available histologic scores have been fully validated. In order to determine the optimal endpoints for histologic healing in UC, more research is required.
We found three randomised trials that assessed the use of nailing versus plating, with useable data from 173 people of whom 112 were male. The mean age of patients ranged from 41 to 44 years. There were no trials comparing surgery with non-surgical treatment. The three trials were at high risk of bias, with one of the trials also being at a high risk. Overall, the quality of the studies was very low. The pooled results of the three trials showed that there was a small difference between nail and plating in terms of function, pain and the need for re-operations. There was no difference in the risk of re-operation or complications after plating. The studies did not show that there is a difference in pain between the two groups. We are very unsure about the results for all of the outcomes, so we are not able to conclude whether surgery or plating is the best treatment for these fractures. The quality of evidence was low, which means that we are very sure about the findings.
We found 11 randomised controlled trials involving a total of 38,742 participants. Eight of the 11 studies (35,110 participants) compared BPLDs versus no BPLD, and three studies (28,630 participants). The risk of bias varied greatly between studies. The pooled risk ratio (RR) of recurrent stroke was 0.81 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.70 to 0.93) and the pooled RR of the risk ratio for major vascular event 0.90. We found that people with stroke or TIA who took an ACE or diuretic were less likely to have a stroke or a stroke-like event. We also found a reduced risk of a stroke in the subgroup of people who used an ACE and diuretics. We rated the quality of evidence from the 11 trials as high to very high.
Five hundred nineteen men from four randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind trials, (lasting 4 to 26 weeks) were assessed. Three of the four trials used non-glucosidic B-sitovolics and one used a drug that contained 100% B-stidolol. B-Sitosteryl-B-D-glue was well-tolerated, but did not seem to have an effect on prostate size or symptoms. The studies were too short to be sure of the long term effects of these drugs.
We found 26 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and eight RCTs comparing salmeterol to a drug called salbutamol. These studies included 62,815 adults and 2,599 children. The risk of death from any cause was higher with salmetamol than with a placebo (sugar pill) and with no medication. We found that the risk of all-cause death was higher in people who were taking salmatarol than in those not. We could not tell whether the risk was higher or lower in the group of patients who were not taking salmaterol. There was a clear increase in risk of non-fatal deaths in patients not using salmeterol in the studies. We did not find an increase in the rate of death due to asthma in adults or in children. However, we could not be sure whether this was the case in patients who did not use inhaled steroids. There were too few people in the trials for us to be able to tell whether salmmeterol is more or less safe in children or adults.
We found no evidence from controlled trials that thyroid hormone treatment reduces the risk of death from any cause in preterm preterm infants with breathing difficulties. We found that there was no evidence that postnatal thyroid hormones reduce the rate of death or morbidity. There was no difference in use of the breathing tube or the need for breathing support. We did not find evidence that thyroid hormones have an effect on the severity of the condition. There were no differences in the use of breathing support, time spent on the ventilator, duration of breathing tube, air leak, CLD at 28 days in the survivors, patent ductus arteriosus, haemorrhage in the brain, or necrotising (hypoxaemic) syndrome. There is not enough evidence to say whether or not thyroid hormone therapy is safe or effective.
We found 38 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 1828 participants. Eight of the 38 RCTs had a low risk of bias in the assessment of mortality. All trials had a high risk of biases in the assessments of the other outcomes. The meta-analysis showed that the non-absorbable (disaccharide) disaccharides may have a benefit on the death rate compared with placebo/no intervention. We found that the risk of death was lower in the eight trials that we found with low risks of bias. We also found that there was a reduction in mortality when we included all of the studies (24 trials) and the eight that we did not (705 people). We found no differences between lactulose and lactitol for the other outcome (death). The review found that these drugs may be able to help to reduce serious side effects (mainly gastrointestinal) in the short term. None of the trials evaluated the effect of these drugs on quality of life. The quality of the evidence was very low or low.
We found 65 randomised studies (involving 3598 adults and children) that met our inclusion criteria. 45 of the 65 studies (2698 adults) provided data for this review. Bisphosphonate, vitamin D drugs, teriparatide, denosumab, cinacalcet, parathodilators, and calcitonin were all used in the review. Forty-three of 65 trials (3598 people) used bone density or bone-related markers, with more recent studies using a range of markers. The results of 45 of 65 studies were combined in the meta-analyses. The evidence is up to date as of January 2019. The review found that bisphosphone therapy may reduce fracture and bone pain after kidney transplantation, but low or very low certainty in the evidence indicates it is not clear whether it makes a meaningful or meaningful impact on bone or bone pain, or on the risk of bone loss or death from any cause, or graft loss (very low or low certainty). Bisphosonate therapy may decrease bone pain and fracture events, but it is uncertain whether it has an impact on graft loss or graft rejection (low and very low confidence in the results). Bisposonate treatment may increase to risk of hypocalcaemia (low certainty) while it is unclear whether any other drug class has an effect on graft failure (low quality of the evidence). It is not known whether any of the other drugs used to treat bone disease in kidney transplants have any effect on bone loss, death from heart disease, myocardial infarction or stroke, graft loss, and graft loss. The effects of bone treatment for children and adolescents after kidney transplations are very uncertain. The quality of evidence was very low.
We found four randomised trials that met the inclusion criteria for this review. Three trials (317 people) studied the use of oral and parenteral doses of magnesium. One trial (113 people) assessed the effect of magnesium on handgrip strength. There was no significant change in the strength of the hand. There were no changes in adverse events. There is not enough evidence to determine whether or not the treatment or prevention of this condition is effective.
We found 15 randomised trials involving 3057 participants. Ten of the 15 trials appeared in our 2012 review and five (631 participants) are from the same two reviews. No new trials were included from searches for this update. Overall, risk of bias was low. Antibiotics can shorten time to cure, but only 5 to 11 more people per 100 will be cured faster if they have antibiotics instead of no treatment or placebo or no treatment. Cure rates were higher when a fluid level or total ooze in any sinus was found on a CT scan (CT) or when the presence of a clear image of the sinus on X-rays was found. The risk of side effects was moderate to high. The number of people who had a brain abscess was high in one patient (of 3057), but the risk of a brain blockage was low in the control group. We could not draw a conclusion about children, adults, and those with severe sinusitis, as these people were not included in the studies.
We found eight randomised clinical trials involving 2515 patients that compared D2 to D1 lymphadenoid dissection, D3 to D2 lymphadenectomy, and DFS to DFS. Three of the eight RCTs (all of which were from Asia) compared D3 with D2. Three trials (all from the same country) also looked at DFS and D2, and five trials (three from Europe and one from Asian) looked at both D2 and D1. We found that D2 was better than D1, but the risk of dying after surgery was higher. D2 is a relatively safe and well-treatable form of DSS, but D1 is not. We judged the quality of the evidence to be moderate, as it is based on a small amount of data.
This is an overview of the literature on oral naltrexone in the field of drug dependence. The evidence is up-to-date as of 23 November 2014. Thirteen randomised controlled trials, with a total of 1158 participants, met the inclusion criteria for this review. The review found that oral naloxone did not perform any better than other pharmacological treatments in terms of the number of people re-incarcerated during the study period. The results of the review suggest that oral oral naledoxone is not yet a treatment which has yet been proven to be better than any other kind of drug treatment in the treatment of opioid dependence.
We found two randomised studies that looked at the effects of changes to fluids. Both were part of the same large multicentre trial and included people with and with dementia and people with or with Parkinson's disease. The first study, a cross-over trial, compared the effect of two viscosities of fluids (nectar thick and honey thick) with each other or with a chin up head posture. The second, a parallel designed RCT, looked at changes to the consistency of fluids and found that people with dementia who had thickened fluids were more likely to clear the mucus from their throat with videofluoroscopy than those who had normal fluids. There were no deaths in either study. Both of the studies had high risk of bias, which means that we are not sure about the results. We are unable to say whether these changes in fluids have an effect on swallowing in dementia. There are too few studies to be sure about this.
Six trials with a total of 788 women were included. The largest of these trials included 396 women. The evidence is up to date as of July 2015. The review found that there was no evidence of a difference between natural cycle IVF and standard IVF treatment in live birth rates, rates of OHSS, clinical pregnancy, clinical birth, ongoing pregnancy, multiple pregnancy, gestational abnormalities or cycle cancellations. There was some evidence that for a woman with a 53% chance of live birth, the chance using IVF would range from 34% to 53%. There was insufficient data to draw any conclusions about rates of treatment cancellation. Findings on treatment costs were inconsistent and more data are awaited. The quality of evidence was very low or low for all of the outcomes, which means that we are very uncertain about the results.
We found 12 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 984 people with COPD. The mean age of participants ranged from 61 to 74 years, and the mean age ranged from 74 years. The trials lasted from six weeks to one year. We included only those involved in Tai Chi and the control group in the final analysis. Analysis was split into three comparisons: 1) Tai Chi versus usual care; (2) Tai Chi and breathing exercise (a form of Tai Chi) compared with usual care alone; and (3) Taitai and exercise (Tai Chi style) versus exercise alone. We found that Tai Chi is safe to use in the routine care of COPD patients. Tai Chi improved lung function (i.e. six-minute walk distance) and quality of life in the studies. No adverse events were reported. However, the results of this review are based on a very low to moderate quality of data. When Tai Chi was compared with other treatments (e.g. breathing exercise or exercise) alone, it did not improve symptoms nor on physical and psychosocial function. When it was added to other interventions, it was not better than other treatments and did not show an effect on symptoms or on the physical and mental function of participants.
We found 72 randomised controlled trials that involved 2470 participants. This review includes 35 new studies in addition to the studies that we included in the previous version of this review. The evidence is up-to-date as of May 2018. The studies were generally small and the types of intervention and the type of device used varied in terms of both the goals of treatment and the virtual reality devices used. Thus, while there are a large number of randomised studies in this review, the quality of the evidence is low. The risk of bias present in many of the studies was unclear due to poor reporting. We found evidence that the use of virtual reality and interactive video games was not more effective than conventional therapy in improving upper limb function and activities of daily living when used as an add-on to usual care (to increase overall therapy time). There was insufficient evidence to reach a conclusion about the effect of these types of interventions on gait speed, balance, or quality of life. There was a trend suggesting that higher dose (more than 15 hours of total intervention) was preferable as were customised virtual reality programs; however, these findings were not significant. There were few adverse events and those reported were relatively mild.
We identified five randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with 1330 participants. None of the trials examined regimens of less than six months duration. Fluoroquinolones added to standard regimens A single trial (174 people) added levofloxacin to the standard first-line treatment for TB. There was no data on the effect of adding fluoroquinoline to the first line of treatment. There were no trials that assessed the effects of adding a different drug (fluoroquinoleons) to the treatment. We are not sure whether adding a new drug to the regimen of the first drug to treat TB in the first stage of treatment is an effect on the death rate, sputum change, or the rate of change in TB culture. We do not know if there is an impact on death or relapse. No trials reported on treatment failure. There is not enough evidence to be clear whether adding or changing the drug of first choice (fluoquinoline) to a drug-sensitive TB drug treatment regimen is an important. There are six trials that are still in progress that are testing the use of these drugs. We rated the quality of the evidence for all three of the three main outcomes as low or very low. This means that we cannot be sure of the results.
