Spread of cancer to the lungs looks better than before. A pea-sized growth in the top of the left lung looks smaller than before.. Prior thyroid surgery.
Mild damage, mucus blockage, and thickening of the airways. Severe hardening of part of the aorta. A valve in the heart is severly hardened.
A few tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
The thyroid is bigger than normal. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest and lungs are seen again. The gallbladder has been removed.
Mild damage of the airways. There are hazy gray areas in the left lung. Mild bulging of the stomach. This is probably due to inflammation. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The gallbladder has been removed.
There is a tiny growth in the top of the left lung.
Growth in the top of the right lung looks worse than before. This should be payed attention to on follow-up. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Tiny growths in the lungs are seen again. Damage and blockage of the airways with mucus. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Areas of fluid or inflammation, loss of air, and fluid around the lungs are no longer seen. There is a foreign body in the bottom of the right lung. Smoking related changes in the lungs. Mild fluid in the windpipe. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest have gone away. Old fractures in the right ribs.
There is some loss of air in the bottom of both lungs. Mild fatty liver.
New hazy gray area and thickening in the bottom of the left lung. Old loss of air in the bottoms of the lungs. Damage and destruction of the airways of the right lung is seen again, with new growths and areas of fluid or inflammation. There is more damage and fluid in the right airways. There are more hazy areas of haziness in the top of the righ lung. A spot in the left lower lung looks smaller than before. A ladybug sized growth in the lower left lobe looks the same as before. Fractures in right ribs are healed.
Patchy spots in both lungs with areas of fluid or inflammation in the bottoms. Small amount of abnormal air around the esophagus. Smoking related changes in the skin of the right chest.
A large growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. An area of fluid or inflammation in the top of the right lung is smaller than before. Prior radiation treatment of the upper lung. There is more fluid around the lungs with growths and spread of cancer. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest and chest are seen. A lymph node near the windpipe is bigger than normal. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Low blood count.
There is mild damage of the airways of the bottom of the right lung with some mucus blockage. Loss of air in the left lung is seen again. Small amount of fluid around the lung is the same as before. A small part of the stomach bulging through the diaphragm looks the same a before. Hardening of valves in the aorta and heart.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung. The airways are thickened. There is a tiny amount of air around the left lung. There are severe smoking related changes in the lungs. Patchy spots in the right lower lobe may be due to infection or swallowing something into the lung. Prior sugery of the esophagus. Lymph nodes in the chest are bigger than normal. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
Prior radiation treatment of the top of the left lung. Prior surgery of the chest wall. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
A tiny growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Scattered tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Prior radiation treatment of the top of the left lung.
Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Growths in the middle of the right lung, some in the airways, and scarring in the left lung is seen again and is probably due to small airway disease. There is scarring of the tops of both lungs. Mild loss of air in the bottoms of the lungs.
A few small growths in the lungs are smaller than before. Lymph nodes in the chest and lungs are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A growth in the top of the right lung is blocking airways again. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. There is a fatty growth in a shoulder muscle.
Abnormal fluid in the lung is no longer seen. An area of fluid or inflammation in the bottom of the left lung is seen again. Prior removal of the esophagus and drainage of an abscess in the chest. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the skin. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened. There is more fluid around the left chest than before.
There is a new pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the right lung. There are other tiny growths in the lung. Smoking related changes in the lungs are seen again. Enlarged lymph node in the chest. The heart is bigger than normal as seen before. Age related changes are seen in the spine. Prior surgery of the left breast.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs. Thickening of the airways. A finger nail sized growth in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before. The thyroid is bigger than normal. There is a pouch in the top of the aorta. Severe hardening of both kidneys. The heart's arteries and valves are hardened and there has been prior heart surgery.
A tiny growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Loss of air in the bottom of the left lung is seen again. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened. Prior surgery of the neck and right shoulder. Enlarged breast tissue.
There is a new tiny growth in the top of the right lung.
Thickening and damage of the airways is due to airway disease. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
The tops of both lungs are scarred. Mucus is blocking parts of the airways. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The valve of the aorta is hardened.
Spots in the bottom of the left lung are probably due to swallowing something into the lungs. Fluid is seen in the airways of the right lung. There is a small part of the stomach bulging through the diaphragm. Stones in the gallbladder.
A large spot in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Other small growths in the lungs look the same. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look bigger than before. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Spread of cancer to the bones looks the the same a before.
A large part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Spread of cancer to the bone of the mid spine looks the same as before.
Small growths in the top of the right lung look the same as before. Mild mucus blockage of the airways. Smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs and mild airway damage and thickening is seen again, probably due to blockage. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened as seen before.
The heart's blood vessels and valve of the aorta are hardened.
There is a group of tiny growths in the bottom of the left lung. Prior surgery of the esophagus. There is abnormal fluid and material in the gastric conduit. The heart's blood vessels are hardened. Right kidney stone. Stones are seen in the gallbladder. Old fracture in one of the right ribs.
Tiny growths in both lungs look the same as before.
Thickening and hazy gray areas in the lungs are probably due to fluid in the lung. A patchy pattern of the lungs could have different causes. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest and near the windpipe are seen. There is an enlarged lymph node near the right lung which is hardened. The tops of the heart are bigger than normal. A valve in the heart is hardened and the valve of the aorta is mildly hardened.
The aorta and the heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened.
Mild scarring of the tops of both lungs. The heart's blood vessels and valve of the aorta are hardened. Hardened spot in a bone of the mid spine.
A pea sized growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. The gallbladder has been removed.
There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Spots in the thymus are probably due to too much fluid in the body.
Growths in both lungs look smaller than before. Fractures in the right ribs are healed.
There are new hazy gray areas in the top of the left lung. Mild loss of air in the bottom of the right lung. Parts of the esophagus are widened. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels, valves, and valves are hardened. Spread of cancer to the bones.
Prior radiation treatment of the top of the left lung as seen before. Growths in the right upper lobe look worse than before. There is an increased amount of fluid around the right lung. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the left lung as seen before. Smoking related changes and scarring in the tops of the lungs. Enlarged lymph node in the chest. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. There is a small amount of fluid around the heart.
Abnormal fluid in the airways of the top of the right lung. The airways are thickened and there is mild damage. Scarring of the tops of both lungs. Mild thickening of the lungs looks better than before. Areas of fluid or inflammation and hazy gray areas in the right and left lungs look better than previously. Groups of tiny growths in the left lung are seen, probably due to airway disease. Small groups of tiny spots in the top and bottom of the left lungs. Small amount of fluid aroun the right lungs, the same as before. Left lung fluid is no longer seen. Lymph nodes in the chest are bigger than normal. The esophagus has been removed. The heart is bigger than expected. Part of the heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened.
A large growth in the right lung is blocking the airways. Area of fluid or inflammation and area of mucus blockage in the left lung may be due to prior infection. Smoking related changes in the lungs. The aorta and blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Lymph nodes in the chest are bigger than normal. Enlarged lymph nodes near the windpipe and near the heart. There are enlarged lymph nodes around the left collar bone. Left adrenal gland is enlarged.
Prior surgery of the right lung, as seen before. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Prior surgery of a valve in the heart and its valve. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A pea sized growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. A lymph node in the chest has increased in size and is bigger than normal. Age related changes of the middle of the spine. There is a new pea-sized spot in the right back.
Mild thickening of the airways with some mucus blockage. New ladybug sized hazy gray area in the bottom of the right lung. New hazy grey areas are seen in the middle of the left lung. Old signs of inflammation in the right airways. Spots in the bottoms of the lungs are smaller than before and are probably due to mucus. Prior removal of thyroid surgery. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened. Loss of height in a bone of the lower spine. Prior surgery of a right shoulder. There is a fracture in the left arm bone.
Mild damage of the airways. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs. Thickening of the airways. Other smaller growths in the lung. The heart's arteries and aorta are hardened. The beginning is hardened. Prior surgery of the gallbladder. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Severe smoking-related lung changes with fluid filled sacs. There is scarring of the tops of both lungs. The airways are thickened. A ladybug sized growth in the top of the right lung looks smaller than before. A growth that was probably mucus blockage is gone. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm.
Spots and growths in the bottom of the right lung are seen again.
There is a lot of mucus in the windpipe. Damage of the airways is seen again and looks the same as before. New spot in the top of the right lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened. Hardening of a valve in the heart.
A pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. Some tiny growths in the lungs are seen again, some are hard to see. Loss of height in a bone of the mid spine is the same.
Abnormal fluid in the windpipe. A hazy gray area in the right lung is worse than before with a new area of fluid or inflammation. There is more fluid around the left lung than before.
Areas of fluid or inflammation in the top of the right lung and the bottoms of both lungs look worse than before. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal. There is a small clot in the left lung.
Damage and blockage of the airways with mucus is due to large airway disease. Scarring or loss of air in the lungs. Scattered tiny growths are seen in the bottom of the right lung. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Mild loss of air in the bottom of the right lung. A few scattered sacs are seen in the right lungs. There are a few tiny growths in the lungs. Prior heart surgery. Fracture of a right rib. There is a fracture in the mid spine.
Mild damage of the airways in the bottom of the right lung. Group of tiny growths in the top of the left lung. The valve of the aorta is mildly hardened.
Hazy gray areas in both lungs with areas of fluid or inflammation in the tops. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest. The heart is bigger than normal. The valve of the aorta is mildly hardened. Hardened spot in a bone of the mid spine.
Spots in the left lung are probably lymph nodes. Enlarged lymph node in the chest. Spots in a left rib. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Mild thickening of the airways with some mucus blockage. There is a pea sized growth in the top of the right lung. There are lots of blood vessels in the right jugular vein.
Tiny growths in the lungs. Spot in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. The thyroid is smaller than normal. The esophagus is thickened, probably due to acid reflux. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Fatty growth in the top of the heart. The heart's blood vessels are hardened. Age related changes in the spine.
Mildly thickened ariways. There is a tiny amount of abnormal air around the right lung. A tiny growth in the bottom of the left lung was seen before.
The bottom of the right lung is collapsed. Spread of cancer to the lungs looks the same as before. Prior radiation treatment of right breast. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and a valve in the heart are hardened. Fat in the liver. There is some enlargement of the breast tissue. This looks worse than before.
Mild thickening of the airways. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Hazy gray areas and areas of fluid or inflammation in the lungs seen before with scarring in the bottom of the left lung. Tiny growths in the lung look the same as before. The esophagus is less thickened than before. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. Severe hardening of the blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A large growth in the right lung looks the same as before. Small growths in the lungs. Damage of the airways is seen due to large airway disease. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. The blood vessel going into the heart is hardened and there has been prior heart surgery. The valve of the aortas is hardened. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Areas of fluid or inflammation in both lungs with airways that are not inflamed. Other hazy gray areas in the lungs. Old fractures in the left ribs.
There is loss of air in the bottom of both lungs. Loss of height loss in bones of the mid spine may be due to age-related changes.
A few tiny growths are seen in the lungs.
Damage and thickening of the airways of the bottoms of the lungs. There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lugs. There is scarring in both lungs. Mild thickening in the bottom of the left lung probably due to scarring. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The aorta and the heart's arteries are hardened. Stones are seen in the gallbladder.
There is mild loss of air in the bottom of both lungs. There is a tiny growth in the top of the left lung. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Groups of growths in the top of the right lung look smaller than before. Other small growth in the lungs look the same as before. The thyroid is bigger than normal. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Loss of air in the left lung looks the same as before. Growths in multiple lung growths look the same a before. There is mucus in the windpipe.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Ladybug sized hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung.
There is a large growth in the top of the right lung which is pressing on the airways. A tiny growths in the left lung looks the same as before. Lymph nodes in the chest and chest are bigger than normal. Enlarged lymph nodes near the windpipe are seen. There is a small amount of fluid around the heart. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. The gallbladder has been removed. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There is scarring or loss of air in the bottoms of the lungs. Mild damage of the airways. There is a pencil eraser sized growth in the top of the right lung and a pea sized hazy gray growths in the bottom of the left lung. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Tiny growths in the bottom of the left lung look the same as before. A patchy pattern of the lower lungs is probably due to small airway disease. Enlarged lymph node in the left ampit. A pea-sized growth in the thyroid looks the same the before. The tops of the heart are bigger than normal as seen before. Prior heart surgery. A valve in the heart is hardened. Moderate hardening of the hearts valves.
There are areas of fluid or inflammation and loss of air in both lungs. Areas of fluid in the lungs look better than before. Tiny growths in the lung look the same as before. There is a small amount of fluid around the right lung and a tiny amount around the left side of the left lung. Abnormal material in the windpipe and airways. Left atrial heart. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Prior surgery to repair a prior heart attack. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There is loss of air in the bottoms of the lungs. Patchy spots in the top of the right lung. New moderate amount of fluid around both lungs. There is a new large fluid around the heart. The beginning of the aorta is wider than normal. The blood vessels going to the heart are hardened. Age related changes are seen in the middle of the spine.
Scattered tiny growths are seen in the lungs. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Moderate-sized part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
There are smoking related changes in the lungs. A small amount of fluid is seen around the left lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. There are hardened spots in the bones probably due to spread of cancer.
There are tiny growths in both lungs. Groups of growths are seen in both lobes. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. A valve in the aortinga is hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Thickening and damage of the airways of the lungs is seen due to scarring. There are hardened spots in both lungs. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and the heart's valve are hardened. Hardened spots in the lungs look the same as before. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are smoking related changes, damage, and blockage of the airways with mucus. Growths in the left lung look the same as before.
A tiny growth in the right lung looks the same as before.
There is a tiny amount of fluid around the right lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the left chest look the same as before.
A spot in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Smoking-related lung changes. Thickening of the airways. There are spots in the aorta. The blood vessels of the heart are severly hardened. The gallbladder has been removed. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Tiny growths in the lungs. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
Prior surgery of the heart. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Prior surgery of the aorta's valve and the heart's valve. The left part of the heart is bigger than normal. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest and fat around the esophagus and chest are seen. There is a small amount of fluid around the heart.
Areas of fluid or inflammation in the bottom of both lungs are seen. The beginning of the aorta is wider than normal. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Thickening of the airways is probably due to infection or asthma. Abnormal air in the chest and neck.
There are smoking-related lung changes. Scattered spots in the lungs are seen, most prominently in the top of the left lung. Small amount of fluid around both lungs, probably due to inflammation.
There is a new area of fluid or inflammation in the top of the right lung. There are new growths in the right upper lobe. Loss of air in the bottom of the left lung looks worse than before. The heart is big.
Thickening of the tops of the lungs is probably due to fluid in the lungs. Loss of air in the left lung is seen. Pencil eraser sized growth in the top of the right thyroid looks the same as before.
Small amounts of fluid around both lungs with some loss of air.
There are smoking-related lung changes. There is a sac in the liver. The aorta is hardened. Age related changes in the shoulders.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. There is some loss of air in the top of the left lung. Mild smoking related changes of the lungs are seen. A new small amount of fluid is seen a little more than before. Loss of air and fracture of a bone of the mid spine is seen again.
Moderate smoking related changes in the lungs. Thickening of the airways. Scarring or loss of air in the bottom of both lungs. Enlarged lymph nodes in the right armillary and chest are bigger than before. Lymph nodes around the right lung are increasing in size. A lymph node in the chest is bigger than normal. There is an enlarged lymph node near the heart. There are more lymph nodes near the lower spine. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Areas of fluid or inflammation in the bottom of the left lung are almost gone. Thickening and damage of the airways in the bottoms of both lungs. There is a patchy pattern of the right lung that may have multiple causes. Mild damage of airways. The tops of the heart are bigger than normal. Prior heart surgery.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs. Thickening of the airways. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest are the same as before. Prior surgery of the left kidney. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
There are smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Loss of air in the bottom of the right lung is seen. The heart is bigger than normal. Low blood count.
A ladybug sized growth in the middle of the right lung looks the same as before. A fingernail sized hazy gray growth is seen again in the top of the left lung. Spots in the bones of the mid spine look bigger than before.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the left lung as seen before. Thickening of the bottoms of the lungs is seen again and hazy gray areas in the lungs look the same as before. A valve in the heart is hardened.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs. Thickening of the airways. Scarring or loss of air in the bottoms of both lungs. Hardened lymph nodes in the right lung. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
There is mild damage and thickening of the airways due to large airway disease. A pencil eraser sized growth in the top of the right lung is no longer seen. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are hazy gray areas in both lungs.
Tiny growths in the lungs. Smoking related changes and scarring in the tops of the lungs are seen.
Spread of cancer to both lungs looks the same as before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same a before.
A few tiny growths are seen throughout the lungs. There is some loss of air in the bottom of both lungs.
Prior surgery of the middle of the right lung. Growths in the bottom of the left lung are probably due to airway disease. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Destructive and hardened spot in a right rib looks the same as before.
A quarter sized growth in the top of the right lung is blocking the airways. A grape sized growth is blocking parts of the left lung. The esophagus is thicker than normal which may be due to acid reflux. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The aorta is mildly hardened. Spots in the spine are seen.
There is loss of air and scarring of the bottom of both lungs.
There are new tiny growths in the bottom of the left lung. Small airway disease is seen in the top of the right lung. Spread of cancer to the bones with some rib fractures.
A tiny growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. A pencil eraser sized growth in the top of the left lung looks smaller than before.
Groups of growths in the lungs are seen again. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Abnormal fluid in the right lung and air around the bottom of the left lung may be due to multiple spots or infection. There are multiple growths in the tops of the lungs. Small amount of air around both lungs with chest tubes in place. Age related changes in the middle of the spine. There is some abnormal air under the skin.
There is a new tiny growth in the middle of the right lung. Prior radiation treatment of both lungs with thickening and growths. Prior surgery of both breasts.
Hazy gray areas in the bottom of the lungs may be due to loss of air. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened. Hardening of the aorta is seen. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm.
The heart is bigger than normal. Spots in the bones and soft tissue are seen and are probably due to spread of cancer. There is a small hardened spot in the right lung.
Scarring or loss of air in the bottom of the left lung. Hardened spots in both lungs, especially along the diaphragm. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are severely hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Growths in both lungs look bigger than before and are probably due to lung disease.
The tops of the lungs are scarred. There is a sac in the bottom of the right lung. Smoking-related lung changes.
A spot in the bottom of the left lung looks worse than before. The main blood vessel of the lung is bigger than normal, probably due to high blood pressure in the lungs.
Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are multiple new spread of cancer in the lungs. The left part of the heart is bigger than normal. The main blood vessel going to the lungs is wider than normal which may be due to high blood pressure in the lung. There is a spot in a bone of the mid spine.
Scarring in the middle of the right lung looks the same as before. Gallstones. Prior surgery of both breasts.
Mild thickening of the airways. The right kidney has been removed.
There is a moderate amount of fluid around both lungs. Prior heart surgery.
Prior surgery of the right lung as seen before. Mild scarring of the tops of both lungs. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The aorta and blood vessels of the heart are hardened. Spot in the right breast is probably due to age-related changes.
Prior radiation treatment of the top of the left lung. Area of fluid or inflammation in the left upper lung. Other small growths in the lungs look the same as before. Signs of inflammation within the lungs are probably due to airway disease. There is a small amount of fluid around the right lung.
There are tiny growths in the lungs.
Blockage of the airways in the top of the right lung is smaller than before due to infection. Other growths in the lungs look the same as before. The heart's arteries are hardened. Old fractures in the left ribs.
There is mucus in the windpipe with thickening of the airways. Mucule in the middle of the right lung with loss of air. Smoking related changes in the lungs. The left part of the diaphragm is higher than normal. The heart's blood vessels as well as the aorta are hardened.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung as seen before. Mild damage of the airways. There is a button sized hazy gray growth in the top of the left lung. There are other hazy growths in the right lungs. Growths are seen in the left lungs. Other tiny growths look the same as before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. The gallbladder has been removed. Abnormal pouches in the lung may be related to prior surgery.
Pencil eraser sized growth in the top of the left lung looks the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened. Spread of cancer to the bones looks worse than before.
Hazy gray areas in the lungs look better than before. Parts of the thyroid are smaller than normal. The esophagus is widened. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened. The aortas's valve is hardened.
There are spots in the tops of the lungs. The thyroid has been removed. The blood vessels of the heart are bigger than normal. Low blood count.
There are some smoking related changes in the lungs. Scarring of the tops of both lungs.
A tiny growth in the left lung looks the same as before. Sacs in the lungs are seen again and are probably due to fat in the large intestine. Growths in both sides of the left thyroid.
Prior surgery of the top of the left lung as seen before.
The airways are thickened. Blockage with mucus is seen in the lungs. The esophagus is thicker than normal. The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
A pea sized growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. The esophagus is thicker than normal, which may be due to acid reflux. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Fatty growths are seen in the heart. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal which can be seen due to high blood pressure in the lungs. The valve of the aorta is mildly hardened. There is a tiny amount of fluid aroud a right lung.
Growth in the left lung is probably due to a lymph node. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest and chest. There are enlarged lymph nodes near both collar bones.
There are low lung volumes. Mild damage of the airways is seen again. Thickening of the tops of both lungs looks the same as before. The left part of the heart is bigger than normal as seen before.
There are a few new tiny growths in the lungs. New spots in the thymus.
Loss of air in the left lung is seen again. Abnormal air around the bottom of the right lung. Smoking-related lung changes. A small part of the stomach bulges into the chest. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The gallbladder has been removed.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the left lung as seen before. Small hazy growths in the lungs look the same as before. There are some small growths throughout the thyroid. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Thickening in the right lung is probably due to prior radiation therapy. Prior thyroid surgery. Spread of cancer to the bones looks the same as before.
There is loss of air in both lungs. Mild damage of the airways in the bottoms of the lungs is probably due to swallowing something into the lungs. There are some small growths in the thyroid. Prior surgery of the esophagus and stomach. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Mild smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Small growths in both lungs. A pencil eraser sized spot in the right lung may be a bruise or a lymph node. Mild thickening of the airways. The beginning of the aorta is wider than normal. The blood vessels of the body are mildly hardened. Loss of height in bones of the mid spine.
A tiny growth in the middle of the right lung looks the same as before. Age related changes in the mid spine.
There is a tiny growth in the top of the left lung. There are some small growths in the thyroid. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Stones are seen in the gallbladder. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. There are some small growths in the thyroid. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Thickening and fluid around the right lung looks the same as before. There is a new ladybug sized growth in the top of the left lung. Enlarged lymph node in the chest and other lymph nodes around the windpipe and heart are bigger than before. Part of the heart is bigger than normal. There are hardened spots in the aorta and its valve.
Fractures in the ribs on both sides are healed. Enlarged breast tissue.
There is some loss of air. A tiny growth in the middle of the right lung looks the same as the last scan but is smaller than before. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The gallbladder has been removed.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung as seen before. Old fluid collection in the right lungs. The thyroid is smaller than normal. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A patchy area of fluid or inflammation and hazy gray areas in the left lung are due to pneumonia. Signs of inflammation in the airways.
There are severe smoking related changes throughout both lungs. There are hazy gray areas in the bottom of both lungs that could be due to scarring. Spots in the lungs. Also, there is some blockage of the airways. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. There is loss of height in a bone of the mid spine.
The heart is bigger than normal. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Enlarged lymph nodes in the left ampit are bigger than before. The valve of the aorta is mildly hardened.
Old scarring, thickening, and damage of the airways of the lungs. Some hazy gray areas in the lungs are seen. Scattered tiny growths are seen in both lungs. The esophagus is wider than normal and a small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart. The aorta and its valve are hardened. Prior surgery of the chest. Weakening of the gallbladder. Gallstones.
Hazy gray areas with thickening of the lungs. Small amount of fluid around the right lung. Abnormal fluid in the chest is probably due to recent surgery. The heart is bigger than normal. Prior surgery of the aorta.
Hazy gray areas in the tops of the lungs with some thickening. Small amount of fluid around the left lung with loss of air at the bottom of the lung. Small right lung fluid. The heart is bigger than normal. Low blood count. There is a moderate amount of mucus in the lungs.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung as seen before. Inflammation of the airways looks better than before. Old thickening on the right side of the lung. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Abnormal smoking-related lung changes.
Thickening and damage of the airways is due to large airways disease. Scarring in the middle of the right lung and the bottoms of the lungs are scarred. Tiny growth in the bottom of the left lung. There are tiny growths in the lungs. The esophagus is thickened with fluid and abnormal material which may be due to acid reflux. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm.
Groups of growths in the lungs are seen again, probably due to lymph nodes. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
A pencil eraser sized growth in the top of the left lung is bigger than before. New tiny growths in the lungs. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Other small growths in the lungs. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Areas of fluid or inflammation with damage of the airways in the top of the left lung looks the same as before. An area of fluid and hazy gray areas in the lung is worse than before.
A small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm as seen before. There is a blood clot in the right lung. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The growths are unchanged. The gallbladder has been removed.
Thickening and blockage of the airways with mucus is due to large airways disease. Growths in the lungs. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. The liver is hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Small amount of abnormal air around the right lung. Loss of air and areas of fluid or inflammation in the bottoms of both lungs. Prior surgery of the esophagus. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened. There is more fluid around the left chest with associated inflammation.
Prior surgery of the tops of the lungs as seen before. Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Mild smoking related changes of the lungs. A dime sized growth in the top of the left lung is bigger than before. Spots in the left fissure look smaller than before..
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung. Small growths in the lungs. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened. Stones are seen in the gallbladder. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Age related changes in the middle spine. There is a fatty growth in the left chest.
There are lots of secretions in the windpipe. Small amount of fluid around the lungs with some loss of air at the bottoms. Mild thickening of the lungs. Area of fluid or inflammation in the middle of the right lung with some hazy gray areas. Loss of air in areas of the lung. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Prior surgery of the chest. The heart is bigger than normal. The valve of the aorta is severly hardened. There is a tiny amount of abnormal air around the lung before surgery. A blood vessel in the heart is hardened. The soft tissues are swollen.
A large spot in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Tiny growths at the tops of both lungs look the same are before. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
There is a large amount of fluid around the left lung with loss of air. The esophagus is also thickened. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart. Prior stomach surgery. The gallbladder has been removed.
A spot in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before.
Moderate smoking related changes in the lungs. Thickening of the airways. There is scarring of the tops of both lungs. Scattered tiny growths are seen in the lung. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Right kidney stone. Age related changes throughout the mid spine. Fractures in the right ribs are healed.
There is a moderate amount of air around the right lung. There is hazy gray areas and areas of fluid or inflammation is seen probably due to COVID pneumonia. Small to moderate fluid around the left lung.
Mild damage of the airways, especially in the top of the right lung. Scarring of the tops of both lungs. There is some mucus blockage in the lungs. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The aorta is hardened.
There are new group of hazy gray areas in the bottom of the left lung. Mild smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
A fingernail sized growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Other tiny growths in the lungs look smaller than before. Smoking-related lung changes. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
There is more fluid around both lungs than before. Loss of air in the bottoms of both lungs is seen again. There is a new small amount of air around the right lung which is abnormal. New hazy gray areas and areas of fluid or inflammation in the top of the left lung may be due to infection. Spots in the esophagus are seen again and are probably due to prior radiation treatment.
Areas of fluid or inflammation in the lungs look worse than before. New tiny amount of fluid around the left lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest and lungs look the same as before. Low blood count. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
There are smoking-related lung changes. Prior radiation treatment of the right lung. Growths in the top of the left lung are bigger than before. Spread of cancer to the breastbone looks the same as before.
There are growths in the tops of both lungs. There are smoking related changes in the lungs. Abnormal mucus in the right airways. Small amount of fluid around the heart. The heart's blood vessels are hardened and there has been prior heart surgery.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs. A tiny growth in the middle of the right lung looks the same as before. The spine is abnormally curved.
There are growths in the lungs. Thickening of the airways.
Tiny growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. There are some small growths in the thyroid. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes are seen in the middle of the spine.
The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Spread of cancer to the bones is seen again. Fracture in the breastbone is healed.
There is a new tiny growth in the bottom of the right lung as seen before. This should be payed attention to on follow-up. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung as seen before. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Scarring, damage, and thickening of the airways of the bottom of the lungs. Signs of inflammation in the right upper lobe are seen again. A spot in the lung with an area of fluid or inflammation is seen again and is seen through the top of the right lung. There is a small amount of fluid around the lung. The esophagus is wider than normal and there is some abnormal fluid in the stomach. The heart is bigger than normal as seen before. Small amount of water around the heart.
Hazy gray growth in the top of the left lung is bigger than before. Other growths in the lungs look the same as before. Prior surgery of the aorta's valve and beginning of the anaphragm. Enlarged lymph node in the chest as seen before. The heart's blood vessels are hardened. Hardening of the heart's valves.
There are smoking related changes in the lungs. Scarring in the bottom of the right lung. The left part of the diaphragm is higher than normal. A small part a herniagus is bulging through the skin. Part of the heart is bigger than expected. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened. Abnormal pouches in the colon are seen. Left kidney stone.
A large growth in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before. Smoking related changes in the lungs are seen. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart.
A pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. Other tiny growths in the lungs are unchanged. Scarring and hardening of the tops of both lungs. Mild thickneing of the airways. Abnormal mucus blockage of the lungs.
There is a lot of mucus in the windpipe. Tiny growth in the bottom of the left lung. Thickening and thickening in the middle of the right lung. There is more thickening of the lung than before. Tiny spots in the lungs.
There is a ladybug sized growth in the left lung. The heart is bigger than normal. The hearts valves, aorta, and the heart's valves are hardened.
A pea sized growth in the bottom of the right lung is bigger than before. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mild thickneing of the airways. There is some damage of the outer airways in the bottoms of the lungs. A valve in the heart is hardened.
A pea sized spot in the middle of the right lung is probably a lymph node. A tiny growth in the bottom of the left lung is seen.
Mucus blockage of the lungs. The airways are thickened. Tiny growth in the top of the right lung is smaller than before. More growths in the right upper lobe look the same as before. New ladybug sized hazy gray area in the left upper lung. Loss of height in a bone of the mid spine.
There is an area of fluid or inflammation in the top of the right lung. Tiny spots in the lungs are seen. A small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm. The aorta's valve is hardened. Low blood count. The gallbladder has been removed.
Tiny growth in the top of the right lung seen before is no longer seen. Ladybug sized growths in the right lower lung are bigger than before. A pencil eraser sized growth is bigger than seen before. Changes following radiation treatment of right lung are seen. There is less hazy gray areas seen before in the last scan. New thickening and damage of the airways in both lungs from right breast radiation. Small amount of fluid around the left lung. The heart's blood vessels and valve of the aorta are hardened. A grape sized growth in a right breast is now seen.
Prior surgery of the top of the left lung as seen before. Thickening of the airways. Mild hardening of both kidneys. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There is a tiny growth in the middle of the right lung. Tiny growths in both lungs. There is a pea sized hazy gray area in the bottom of the left lung. A tiny growth is seen in the right lower lung. There are some smoking related changes in the lungs. Scarring at the tops of both lungs is seen.
Abnormal fluid in the windpipe and thickening of the airways due to inflammation. A ladybug sized growth in the bottom of the right lung looks smaller than before. Tiny growths in the right lower lobe are smaller than last time. A pencil eraser sized spot in the left lung is smaller. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
Tiny growths in the lungs are seen again. Spread of cancer to the middle of the spine looks the same as before. Prior surgery of the left breast surgery.
A few tiny growths are seen in the lungs. There are some small growths in the thyroid. Moderate hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Tiny spot in the right lung looks the same as before and is probably a lymph node. Prior surgery of the aorta's valve and the top of the antero. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart with hardening. Spots in the liver are seen, the largest of which is as a sac in the left kidney. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There is scarring of the tops of both lungs. There is damage of the airways of the top of the right lung. Thickening, mucus blockage, and loss of air is seen. Small amount of fluid around the lungs. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest. Abnormal fluid and substances in the esophagus are probably due to acid reflux or it not moving properly. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The heart is bigger than normal. The main blood vessel coming out of the lungs is wider than normal, probably because of high blood pressure in the lung. Severe hardening of the aorta and blood vessels of the heart. Low blood count. Age related changes in the spine.
A fingernail sized spot in the bottom of the right lung is seen and could be due to mucus blockage. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart. Old change in the breastbone. Loss of height in the bone of the lower spine looks the same as before.
Prior surgery of the left lung as seen before. There is a small amount of air around the lung that may be due to air not being able to leave the lung. There are also other areas of fluid or inflammation in the chest. Also, there is abnormal fluid in the lung, which is probably due to infection. Smoking related changes in the top of the right lung are seen. A tiny amount of fluid is seen in the heart. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal, probably because of high blood pressure in the lungs. An enlarged lymph node in the right chest is seen. Abnormal pouches in the colon are seen again.
Loss of air in the bottom of the left lung looks better than before. Areas of fluid or inflammation in the top of the right lung have improved, but there are still hazy spots and spots. Fluid around the left lungs is no longer seen. The heart is enlarged as seen before. Age related changes in the middle spine with some loss of height in bones of the mid spine.
Small amount of fluid around both lungs. There is air around the left lung.
A small amount of air is seen around the left lung. There is a spot in the top of the right lung. Smoking-related lung changes look the same as before. There are smoking related changes in the lungs.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the left lung as seen before.
A few tiny growths are seen in the lungs. Mild loss of air in both lungs. The spleen is bigger than normal. There are sacs in the left kidney. Spread of cancer to the liver. There is a hardened spot in a right eighth rib.
Hazy gray areas in the bottom of the right lung are seen again. There is a bruise in the left kidney.
Areas of fluid or inflammation in the bottom of both lungs look worse than before. There is an area of area of fluid in the tops of the lungs. The heart is bigger than normal. Smoking-related lung changes are no longer seen.
Enlarged lymph nodes in the right lung look bigger than before. Enlarged veins in the chest look smaller than before, with an area of fluid or inflammation in the left lung where the left armpit was previously. Other lymph nodes have decreased in size. Lymph nodes around the right lungs are smaller than last time. A small amount of fluid around the heart looks the same. Smoking related changes in the lungs are seen again. A grape sized growth in the top of the lung looks smaller than the last scan but is still the same as before.
A spot in the bottom of the right lung probably due to loss of air. A tiny growth in the middle of the left lung looks the same as before. Old rib fractures on the left are seen again.
There is loss of air in the bottom of the left lung due to the large hiatal hernia. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Large part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A tiny growth in the top of the left lung looks the same as before. Other tiny growths in the lungs.
Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There is a pencil eraser sized growth in the top of the left lung. A tiny growth is seen in the left upper lung. There is a pea sized growths in the bottom of the right lung as seen before. A pea-sized growth is noted in the mid right lung.
A pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before. Other tiny growths in the lungs.
There is a new area of fluid or inflammation in the bottoms of the lungs. Scarring or loss of air in the bottom of the left lung. There is less fluid around both lungs than before. Prior surgery of the esophagus. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A few tiny growths are seen in the lungs.
A pea-sized growth in the top of the right lung is probably due to infection.
Growths in the lungs look worse than before. New areas of fluid or inflammation are seen in the right lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look the same as before. The esophagus is widened. A blood clot in the lung is seen again. There is a moderate amount of fluid around the heart. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
There is loss of air in the bottom of both lungs. Smoking related changes in the lungs. Thickening of the airways. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. The hearts valves and aorta are hardened. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
The valve of the aorta is hardened and there is thickening of the heart's blood vessels. The hearts valves are hardened.
There are areas of fluid or inflammation in the bottom of both lungs. Scarring and loss of air in the top of the right lung. Tiny growths in the left thyroid. The heart is bigger than normal. There is a small amount of fluid around the heart.
Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Pneumonia in the lungs looks better than before. There is less damage of the airways than before, decreased in size. Moderate amount of abnormal air around the right lung. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Severe smoking-related lung changes. Mild thickening of the airways. Prior radiation treatment of the right lung. The beginning of the aorta is wider than normal. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Small growths in the lungs look the same as before. Spots in the lung are probably lymph nodes.
A ladybug sized growth in the top of the right lung is bigger than before. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mild smoking related changes of the lungs are seen.
Tiny growths in the lungs. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There is a small amount of fluid around the heart. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened. New enlarged lymph node in the left neck is seen. Hardening of the liver is seen again.
Prior surgery of the right lung. Areas of fluid or inflammation with damage of the airways. This looks the same as the last scan. Growths in the thyroid. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes are seen in the middle of the spine.
Fluid around both lungs with loss of air looks the same as before. The tops of the heart are bigger than normal. Small amount of fluid around the heart, the same size of before.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung. Growths in the lung look the same as before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mild smoking related changes of the lungs.
Mild thickening of the airways in the bottom of the right lung. Smoking related changes in the lungs. The esophagus is thicker than normal which may be due to acid reflux. Large portion of the stomach bulging through the diaphragm. The heart is bigger than normal. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened. The aorta is hardened.
Enlarged lymph node in the left lung looks the same as before. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Thickening of the lungs looks worse than before. Lymph nodes in the chest have increased in size and are bigger than normal. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
There is a tiny amount of fluid around the left lung. There is some loss of air in the bottom of the right lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest are unchanged. Hardened spots in the ribs and spine look the same as before and are probably due to spread of cancer.
There are growths in both lungs. The growths look the same as before. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Damage, thickening, and mucus blockage of the airways. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Fat in the top of the abdomen is seen again.
There is abnormal fluid in the windpipe. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Smoking related changes in the lungs. Thickening of the airways. Signs of airway disease. Other tiny growths in the lung look the same as before. Mild hardening in the heart's blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
There are smoking related changes and scarring in the tops of the lungs. The airways are also thickened. A small part of the stomach bulging through the diaphragm looks the same as before. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened.
There is damage of the airways and mucus blockage in the left lung. There is a group of tiny spots probably due to airway disease. The heart's blood vessels, aorta's valve, and the aort's valve are hardened. Stones are seen in the gallbladder.
The tops of the heart are bigger than normal. The beginning of the aorta is wider than normal as seen before. The main blood vessel of the lung is mildly widened. The heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened. The right chest wall is hardened. Age related changes in the right shoulder.
Signs of inflammation of the airways in the top of the left lung are seen. The heart is bigger than normal. Prior heart surgery.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
There is an area of fluid or inflammation in the bottom of the right lung with some spots. A tiny growth in the top of the left lung is seen. Loss of air is seen in the middle of the lung. Small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm with thickening of the esophagus. The blood vessels of the heart, the aorta, and the heart's valves are mildly hardened.
Mild thickening of the airways. A hazy gray area in the lung is no longer seen. There is more thickening and damage of the lining of the left lung due to prior radiation treatment.
A ladybug sized growth in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same. Mild damage and mucus blockage of the airways in the left lung is seen again. Loss of height of a bone of the lower spine as seen before.
There are severe smoking related changes in the lungs. Thickening of the airways. Other small growths in lungs look the same as before. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. The heart's arteries and aorta are severly hardened. The valve of the aortinga is hardened. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
A growth in the top of the left lung looks smaller than before. New tiny growths in the bottom of the right lung. New spots and signs of inflammation in the airways in the upper left lung. The heart is bigger than normal. Lymph nodes in the chest are smaller than normal and there is less fluid around the hilum and near the lymph nodes as seen before. A spot in the skin near the esophagus has gotten smaller. The hearts valves and aorta are hardened. Hardening of a left rib look the same as before.
There is a patchy pattern of the lungs with some thickening. Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal. Age related changes in the middle of the spine are seen.
Mild thickening of the airways. New clusters of tiny growths in the top of the right and left lung. New pea-sized growth in the middle of the left lobe. The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
There is a tiny area of fluid or inflammation in the right lung. There is less fluid around the left lung than before. There are lots of mucus blockages in the windpipe and in the bottom of the right lobe. Mild thickening of the airways. Prior radiation treatment and loss of air in the top of the lung. Growths in both lungs are seen again. Lymph nodes in the chest are bigger than normal. Prior surgery of the aorta and its valve. Abnormal fluid surrounding the repair of the heart is probably due to prior surgery. The soft tissues are mildly hardened.
A few small growths in the lungs look the same as before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest are the same size as before.. Mild hardening of the hearts valves. The valve of the aorta is mildly hardened.
A large growth in the top of the left lung is bigger than before. A dime sized growth is the same as before. There is a fingernail sized growth a little more than before, now the size of a ladybug. There are hazy gray areas in the right upper lung. Small amount of fluid around the left lungs is no longer seen. The airways are thickened. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest and left lung look the same like before. Parts of the esophagus are widened and contain fluid and debris. The aorta and the heart's arteries are hardened.
Mild damage of the airways of the bottoms of the lungs. A group of tiny spots in the top of the right lung is probably due to small airways disease. Scarring at the bottom of the left lung. Prior surgery of a valve in the heart and the valve of the aorta. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal. Prior chest surgery.
Hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before.
Mild hardening of the heart's arteries and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Hazy gray areas are seen in both lungs. The beginning of the aorta is wider than normal. The main blood vessel of the lung is mildly wider than usual. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the heart's valve is seen. The aortas is mildly hardened.
Loss of air in the right lung looks the same as before and may be due to a growth. Small amount of fluid around the lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest have decreased in size. Loss of height in a bone of the mid spine.
Mild airway thickening. Scarring of the tops of both lungs. New small amount of fluid around the right lung. Scattered tiny growths are seen in the lungs. The top of the heart is bigger than normal. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than normal, probably due to high blood pressure in the lung. The aorta is hardened. Prior chest surgery. There is thickening of the right breast. Age related changes in the spine and right shoulder.
Hardened growths in the top of the right lung look the same as before. Lymph nodes in the chest and lungs are hardened. A large part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. There is a valve in the heart with a hardened spot. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Scarring and loss of air in the bottom of the right lung is seen again. The esophagus is bulging through the diaphragm. A tiny growth in the right part of the thyroid looks the same a before.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Tiny growths in the lungs. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
Scattered tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The airways are mildly thickened. A small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm.
There is a tiny growth in the bottom of the right lung.
Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Enlarged lymph nodes in the left collar bone and near the collar bone. The soft tissues are swollen.
A few signs of inflammation of the airways in the lungs.
Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart with stents.
Tiny growths in the lungs. Mild smoking related changes of the lungs are seen. There is a button sized growth in the left part of the thyroid.
There is a lot of mucus in the windpipe and airways of the left lung with an area of fluid or inflammaiton. Mild loss of air in the middle left lung. Sacs in the liver are seen.
There is a tiny amount of new fluid around the left lung with some loss of air. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm.
Prior surgery of the aorta. There is a small amount of fluid around the beginning of the esophagus and air around the left lung. The liver looks bigger than normal. The biliary duct is wider than normal, probably due to inflammation. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened and there is scarring of the skin. Prior surgery of chest.
There is loss of air in the bottom of both lungs. Age related changes in the spine.
A spot in the chest is unchanged. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung as seen before. Growths in the right lower lobe are bigger than before. A ladybug sized growth near the suture line looks the same as before. Loss of air and patchy pattern of the lung is probably due to small airway disease. Mild smoking related changes in the lungs. Abnormal fluid is seen in the windpipe. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. The valve of the aorta is hardened.
There is a pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the right lower lobe. Small amount of fluid around the left lung. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
There is loss of air in the bottom of both lungs. Growths in the right lung are bigger than before, but there is less fluid around the area than before. Fluid around the lungs. The esophagus is thickened as seen before. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. A small part a the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm.
A few tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
A nearby area of fluid or inflammation in the bottom of the left lung is probably due to loss of air. Smoking related changes are seen.
A pea sized hardened growth in the right lung looks the same as before. Also a pea-sized hazy gray growth inthe bottom of the left lung looks that same as the last scan but with a tiny spot in the lung.
Growth in the thymus is probably due to too much fluid in the body. There is a hardened growth in the right chest port.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened.
Spots in the lungs look the same as before. Areas of thickening in the right lung look the right like before. Abnormal mucus or inflammation is seen in the small intestine. Prior surgery of the left kidney as seen before.
There are tiny amounts of fluid around both lungs with areas of fluid or inflammation.
A few small growths in the lungs look the same as before. Scarring and loss of air in the left lung is seen again. Mild damage of the airways. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened as seen before.
The aorta is wider than normal as seen before.
New hazy gray areas in the top of the right lung are probably due to infection. Small amount of new fluid around the left lung. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look better than before. There is a small amount of fluid aroun the heart.
Groups of tiny spots in both lungs are probably due to lymph nodes. There are other small growths in the lungs. There is a hazy gray area in the left lung with spots in the ligament on the left side. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest and lungs.
There is loss of air in the left lung.
Hazy gray areas and patchy pattern of the lungs is probably due to too much light in the lungs. There is loss of air in the left lung. Fat around the left heart is probably from a previous heart attack. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs are seen again. Scarring in the left lung looks the same as before with some damage of the airways. Tiny growths in the top of the left and right lungs look the same. New hazy gray areas in both lungs with more spots in the right lung are probably due to inflammation. There is a new tiny growth in the bottom of the right lobe. New loss of air and scarring is seen in the bottoms of both lungs. The airways are thickened. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Mild hardening is seen of the valve in the heart.
Small amount of fluid around both lungs. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Prior surgery of the right breast. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Moderate smoking related changes in the lungs. Thickening of the airways. Growths in the lung look the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened. The gallbladder has been removed. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Moderate smoking related changes in the lungs. Thickening of the airways. Scarring or loss of air in the left lung. Severe hardening of both blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Fractures in the mid spine look the same as before.
There is a moderate amount of fluid around both lungs with some loss of air. Lymph nodes in the chest, chest, and neck are bigger than normal. There is a tiny amount of mucus around the heart. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
There is mild damage of the airways. There is some loss of air in the bottom of the left lung. There are less clots in the lung than before. A growth in the chest is smaller than before, decreased from before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Prior surgery of the mid spine with some hardening in the back soft tissues.
Areas of fluid or inflammation and damage of the airways of the top of the right lung are seen once again and are due to prior radiation treatment. Spread of cancer to the rib cage looks the same as before.
The right part of the diaphragm is higher than normal and there is loss of air in the bottom of the right lung. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are mildly hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Abnormal fluid in the windpipe and airways. This is probably due to infection. This needs to be followed up with another scan in the next few weeks.
Hazy gray areas in the bottom of the left lung are no longer seen. Smoking related changes with fluid filled sacs in the lungs. Mild airway damage.
There are growths in the top of the right lung. Part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Mild hardening of a valve in the heart.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung. Growths in both lungs look the same as the last scan but the largest growth in the right lower lung looks smaller than before. A patchy pattern of the bottom of both lungs is probably due to air not being able to leave the lungs. A small part of the stomach bulges throughthe diaphragm.
A few tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Scarring and loss of air in the bottom of both lungs is seen again. Enlarged lymph nodes in the left neck and chest look the the same a before. The main blood vessel of the lung is bigger than normal probably due to high blood pressure in the lung. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve. Mild enlargement of breast tissue.
Hazy gray areas in the bottom of both lungs and areas of fluid or infection. Small amount of fluid around the left lung. Low blood count.
There is a moderate amount of fluid around both lungs with some loss of air. There are changes in the bottom of the left lung. New hazy gray areas and thickening of the tops of the lungs may be due to infection. Smoking related chanes in the lungs are seen again. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest are seen.
A large growth in the top of the left lung looks better than before. Thickening and hazy areas of fluid or inflammation in the left upper lung are no longer seen. An airway in the bottom of the right lung is less blocked. There is less mucus in the airways than before A small amount of fluid around the left side of the lung is now gone. Mild thickening of the airway. A spot in the lung looks the same as before. A ladybug sized growth near the right right lung looks like before. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened. Prior left breast surgery.
Smoking related changes and growths in the tops of the lungs are seen, probably due to infection of the airways. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
The right part of the diaphragm is higher than normal as seen before. The valve of the aorta is mildly hardened. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels. Spread of cancer to the bones looks the same as before.
There is abnormal fluid in the windpipe with thickening of the airways. Mild smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. The esophagus is mildly thickened. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened. Enlarged breast tissue.
A tiny growth in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Abnormal fluid in the windpipe and airways of the right lung. Small amount of fluid around the left lung, decreased from before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest. Prior surgery of the cervicothoracic.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs. Thickening of the airways. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Age related changes of the mid spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The growth looks smaller than before. Prior surgery of the thyroid. The blood vessels of the lung are wider than normal, probably due to high blood pressure in the lung. There is a small part of the stomach bulges through the diaphragm.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. There is mucus blockage of the lungs with mucus. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
Thickening in the right lung and in the bottom of the left lung may be due to old fluid in the body. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta. A valve in the heart is hardened. Prior surgery of the stomach. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Damage, thickening, and blockage of the airways with mucus is seen again and may be due to airways disease. Area of fluid or inflammation in the right lung is less than before. There are new hazy gray areas in the tops of the lungs. Mild mucus blockage in the windpipe. Other tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mild hardening of the blood vessels of the heart.
The thyroid is smaller than normal. Prior surgery of the left arm bone with decreased spots in the skin.
There is a new small amount of fluid around the right lung.
A pea sized growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as before. Enlarged lymph node near the windpipe. This needs to be followed up with another scan. The valve of the aorta is hardened.
There is less fluid around the right lung than before. Growths in the right major fissure are smaller than before now. There is a tiny amount of left lung fluid as seen before. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Cancer in the left breast with thickening of the skin. Spread of cancer to the bones looks the same as before. Fractures in the ribs.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
A spot in the bottom of the right lung is probably due to scarring. Hardening of the aorta is seen. Abnormal material in the gallbladder is probably contrast dye where it shouldn't be. Fractures in the right ribs are healed.
Scarring with hardening of the lungs is probably due to inflammation.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung as seen before. There is damage and blockage of the airways with mucus. There are hazy gray growths in both lungs. While most of the growths look the same as before, a spot in the right lower lobe is bigger than before. Other tiny hazy growths and hazy spots in the lungs. The esophagus is wider than normal and has abnormal material. The heart is a little bigger than normal. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels. Prior surgery of right breast.
Hazy gray areas in the top of the right lung are probably due to infection. Loss of air in the bottom of the lungs. A pea-sized spot in the left lung may be a lymph node. Spots in the lung look the same as before and may be lymph nodes. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest. Prior surgery of the left breast.
Thickening, damage, and blockage of the airways with mucus blockage and inflammation. This looks worse than before. Patchy pattern of the lungs could have different causes. Lymph nodes in the right lung and chest are hardened. There are some small growths in the thyroid. Severe hardening of the blood vessels and aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung as seen before. Round hazy growths in the lungs look the same as before. Other small growths are unchanged. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Stones are seen again. Age related changes in the middle spine.
Severe smoking-related lung changes. There is mild damage of the airways. Spots in the top of the right lung look better than before and are probably due to healing. New fingernail sized spot in the left upper lobe. Scarring in the middle of the left lung is seen. Tiny spots in the right lower lung may be related to mucus blockage and airways disease. Part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Abnormal fluid is seen in the esophagus. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened. The gallbladder has been removed. Prior stomach surgery.
Signs of inflammation in the airways. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. The beginning of the aorta is bulging through the diaphragm. Age related changes in the middle spine. Old fractures in the left ribs.
Mild damage of the airways. Mild fluid in the windpipe.
Moderate smoking related changes in the lungs. Thickening of the airways. Growths in both lungs look the same as before. Lymph nodes in the chest with central necrosis look bigger than before. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
A tiny growth in the middle of the right lung is smaller than before. Prior radiation treatment of the top of the left lung with radiation. Hardening of a bone of the mid spine looks the same as before. There is more thickening at the T6 and T10 levels.
A few tiny growths are seen in the lungs. Loss of air and scarring of the bottom of the left lung is seen. Prior surgery of both breasts.
Growths in the thyroid. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
There are multiple new hazy areas of haziness in the bottom of the lungs. Scarring in the tops of both lungs. New spot in the top of the right lung is probably due to scarring. This should be payed attention to on follow up. Age related changes in the middle spine.
Mild thickening of the airways. Spot in the left breast looks bigger than before.
Thickening in the tops of the lungs is probably due to prior radiation. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
There is mild scarring of the tops of both lungs. Tiny growths in the lungs. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
There is loss of air in the bottom of the right lung. There are patchy hazy gray areas in the tops of the lungs. A tiny growth in the top of the left lung looks the same as before. Growth in the chest is probably blocking the airways. The gallbladder has been removed. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
A few small growths in the lungs. Growths in the thyroid. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Smoking related changes in the lungs. The airways are thickened. Signs of inflammation in the airways. Prior radiation treatment of the left breast. The heart's blood vessels, aorta, and its valve are hardened. The gallbladder has been removed.
Scarring and damage of the airways with worsening loss of air, hazy gray areas, and fluid in the lungs is due to infection. A tiny growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. The esophagus and part of the stomach are thickened. Low blood count. There is a small sac in the left kidney as seen before. Old deformity in a right rib probably due to prior surgery or trauma.
There are smoking related changes in the lungs. There are hazy gray areas in the right lung. There is fat in the liver. The spleen is bigger than normal, probably due to iron deposition in the body.
Groups of growths in both lungs are seen, probably due to spread of cancer. Damage of the airways in the bottoms of both lungs is seen again.
There is a moderate amount of fluid around the right lung with loss of air, scarring, and scarring. Thickening of the lungs is seen. Enlarged lymph node in the chest is bigger than before. Other lymph nodes are bigger than last time. The heart's blood vessels and aorta's vascular system are hardened. There is a button sized growth in the right chest.
Air around the left lung is probably due to previous chest tube infection. The heart is bigger than normal. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. Old rib fractures on the right look the same as before.
Growth in the left lung looks bigger than before. Growths look the same as before. Signs of inflammation in the airways are seen again and are probably due to inflammation. The gallbladder is bigger than normal. Spots in the spine, breastbone, and ribs. A spot in a right rib looks the same.
Prior surgery of the top of the left lung as seen before. There are new enlarged lymph nodes in the chest. Enlarged breast tissue. Prior surgery of left chest.
Hardened spots in the right lung are seen again. There is a small amount of fluid around the left lung with loss of air.
There are smoking related changes in the lungs. Mild thickening of the airways. Small hazy growths in both lungs are smaller than before. Mild fluid in the windpipe. A lymph node in the left neck has decreased in size. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest have gotten smaller. The blood vessels of the heart look mildly hardened. Deformity in a bone of the mid spine. Old fracture in a right rib.
Growths in the lungs look the same as before. Lymph nodes in the chest are bigger than normal as seen before.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
A tiny growth in the top of the left lung looks the same as before. Loss of air in the bottoms of both lungs is seen. Enlarged lymph node in the left neck as seen before. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Age related changes in the spine.
Moderate smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs.
Smoking related changes. A tiny growth in the bottom of the left lung looks the same as the last scan but there is a new pea-sized growth. Fatty liver. Sac in the liver
Prior radiation treatment of the left breast. Fractures in the left ribs are seen. Mild hardening of the spine is probably due to healing. Fracture of the right ribs is healed.
A group of tiny growths in the bottom of the right lung is probably due to infection.
A tiny hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung may be due to infection or inflammation.
Smoking related changes in the lungs are seen again. Tiny growth in the top of the left lung is smaller than before. Growths in the lung look the same as before.
Hazy gray areas and areas of fluid or inflammation in both lungs are due to covid. There are smoking-related lung changes. A lymph node in the chest is bigger than normal. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The aorta is mildly hardened. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Small amounts of fluid around both lungs with loss of air is seen again, increased on the right. The thyroid is big and there are multiple growths as seen before. Old loss of height and fracture of the spine.
Spread of cancer to the right lung looks better than before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest look smaller than before, decreased from before.
Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. Mild smoking related changes of the lungs are seen. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest have gotten smaller.
There are smoking-related lung changes and airway damage. A ladybug sized growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Tiny growths in the bottom of the left lung are seen again. A pea-sized hazy gray growth in a lung as seen before.
A ladybug sized growth in the top of the left lung is bigger than before. Other small growths in the lungs look the same as before. Thickening of the lung is seen again. There is a tiny amount of fluid around the heart. Mild hardening of both heart valves and aorta. Spread of cancer to the bones looks the same a before.
A few small growths in the lungs are unchanged. Spot in a right rib looks the same as before.
Tiny growths in the lungs. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened.
A few tiny growths in the lungs are unchanged. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Mild smoking related changes in the lungs, especially in the tops. Thickening of the airways. Patchy hazy gray areas in the top of the lungs look the same as before. There are some small growths in the thyroid. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Muscular growth in the left back, which is probably not cancerous.
A pencil eraser sized growth in the bottom of the right lung looks the same as before. A pea-sized growth is bigger than before. Other tiny growths in the lungs are unchanged. Smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. The esophagus is wider than normal. The blood vessels of the heart are hardened and there is hardening of the valve in the heart. Loss of height in a bone of the mid spine.
Growths in the right lung look the same as before. Scarring or loss of air in both lungs. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Growths in both lungs look smaller than before. A finger nail sized growth in the right part of the thyroid looks the same as before.
Moderate smoking related changes in the lungs. Thickening of the airways. Growths in the lung look the same as before. There is fluid around the lungs, chest, and lung. Age related changes of the middle of the spine.
Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung. Pencil eraser sized growth in the base of the left lung looks the same as before. The aorta and its valve are hardened.
The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Prior radiation treatment of the right lung. A large growth in the bottom of the left lung is bigger than before. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The esophagus is thickened with some widening which could be due to acid reflux. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened.
Scarring in the top of the left lung looks the same as before. Spread of cancer to the rib cage is worse than before. Prior surgery of both breasts.
There is a large amount of fluid around both lungs with fluid and fluid in the lungs. Enlarged lymph nodes near the windpipe look bigger than before and are probably due to infection. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Fluid around the left lung is no longer seen. Smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs and large airways disease is seen again. The heart is bigger than normal. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Prior surgery of the top of the left lung as seen before. Growths in the lungs are larger than before. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart and the aorta. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Spots and damage of the airways of the top of the right lung look the same as before and may be due to inflammation. New growths in the right and left lungs. A ladybug sized growth in the left lung is bigger than before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest are seen. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
Hazy gray areas in the bottom of both lungs are probably due to loss of air. Tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Hazy gray areas in the lungs are seen probably due to prior lung surgery. New patchy hazy gray spots in the top of the right lung may be due to inflammation. Mild enlargement of breast tissue.
Thickening of the bottoms of both lungs with damage of the airways.
Abnormal fluid in the airways with thickening. Smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Prior surgery of the right lung. Fluid around both lungs is no longer seen. Prior removal of the esophagus. There is abnormal fluid and material in front of the stomach. Enlarged lymph node in the right chest is smaller than before. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels are hardened.
Growths in the middle of the left lung look the same as before. Grape sized hazy gray growth in the top of the right lung looks the same a before. Scarring and loss of air in the bottom of both lungs is seen again.
Thickening, damage of the airways, and scarring look the same as before. Air is not able to leave the lungs. Prior surgery of the bottom of the left lung. The esophagus is thicker than normal, probably due to acid reflux. Parts of the stomach are widened. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
A few small growths in both lungs look the same as before. Loss of air in the bottom of the right lung is seen again. Prior surgery of a bone of the lower spine.
A blood clot in the lung looks better than before.
There is less fluid in the air around the top of the right lung than before. Prior radiation treatment of the neck. Prior surgery of the chest and a pouch in the aorta looks the same as before.
The thyroid is smaller than normal. The heart's arteries and aorta are severly hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine. Prior surgery of the chest.
Signs of inflammation of the airways in the right lung with new hazy gray areas are seen again. Loss of air in the left lung is seen again and may be due to infection. A ladybug sized growth in the chest looks smaller than before. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened. Hardening of the ribs.
Abnormal fluid in the windpipe and airways. The airways are thickened probably due to airway disease. Blockage of the airways with mucus is seen. Smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. Haze gray areas in the bottom of the left lung look the same as before. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the skin. The aorta's valve is hardened. The blood vessels of the heart and the heart's valve are mildly hardened. Weakening of the spine is seen due to age-related changes in spine. Gallstones. There is a sac in the right kidney.
Hazy gray growths in both lungs look the same as before. The airways are thickened. The blood vessels of the heart and the aorta are mildly hardened. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Prior surgery of the right lung. The bottom of the left lung is collapsed.
A few tiny growths in the lungs look the same as before.
Old scarring, damage, and thickening of the airways of the lungs. Other growths and hazy gray areas look the same as before. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. The thymus looks bigger than normal. The main blood vessel of the lung is mildly wider than normal (31 mm). The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
There are smoking-related lung changes and airway damage. Spots in both lungs are seen again, the same as before. Mild hazy gray areas in the bottom of the right lung are probably due to inflammation and look worse than before. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest. The blood vessels of the heart are mildly hardened.
Prior surgery of the bottom of the right lung. There are smoking related changes in the lungs. There is more thickening of the lungs which may be due to smoking related lung disease. Prior radiation treatment of the left breast. Fatty growth in the top of the heart is seen. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. Prior left breast surgery.
Thickening and hazy gray areas in both lungs may be due to fluid in the lungs. Enlarged lymph nodes in the right lung are bigger than before. Severe hardening of the blood vessels of the heart with aorta. The right part of the lung is hardened. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung as seen before. There is less fluid around than before. A small part of the stomach is bulging through the diaphragm. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels. Abnormal pouches in the colon are seen. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
Abnormal fluid in the windpipe and thickening of the airways. Smoking related changes in the tops of the lungs. There is mild damage of the bottom of the lung. Hardened of the right breast.
There is scarring of the tops of both lungs.
A ladybug sized growth in the top of the right lung looks the same as before. Other smaller hazy growths in the lungs. The heart's blood vessels and aorta are hardened. The gallbladder has been removed. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung and middle of the left lung. Loss of air in the lungs is seen again. A moderate-sized part of the stomach bulging through the diaphragm looks the same as before. Abnormal mucus in the windpipe. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and aorta.
Mild airway thickening. Damage of the airways of the bottoms of the lungs is probably due to infection or inflammation. Scarring in the top of the right lung. Lymph nodes in the chest and lungs are hardened. The esophagus is thicker than normal which may represent acid reflux. A small part of the abdomen is bulging through the diaphragm. The heart is bigger than normal. Loss of height in bones of the mid spine.
A group of tiny spots in the right lung is probably due to airways disease. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels and valves are hardened. Mild enlargement of breast tissue.
Fluid around the right lung has increased in size with loss of air in the bottom. Damage and scarring of the airways is seen again and may be due to prior covid. The beginning of the aorta is wider than normal as seen before. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels are seen again. Prior surgery of the spleen. The spine is abnormally curved.
Spread of cancer to the lungs. Growths in the lungs look the same as before. The heart's blood vessels are hardened.
Smoking related changes and growths in the tops of the lungs are seen again. A pencil eraser sized growth in the left lung looks the same as before. Loss of air, thickening, and hardened spots in the lung is seen again and may be due to inflammation. Spots in the chest may be a remnant of the thymus. Mildly prominent breast tissue.
A ladybug sized growth in the bottom of the right lung is no longer seen. Other growths in the lungs. Scarring of the lung looks the same as before. Age related changes in the middle of the spine.
Prior surgery of the top of the right lung as seen before. Patchy pattern of the lungs could have multiple causes. Fatty growth in the tops of the heart. The main blood vessel of the lung is wider than usual. The heart's blood vessels, its valve and the aorta's valve are hardened. Fat in the liver.
Abnormal fluid in the airways of the bottom of the lungs with some damage of the airway. Prior surgery of the upper spine as seen before.
There is a tiny amount of fluid around the right lung with some loss of air. A hazy gray area in the top of the right lobe is no longer seen. Enlarged lymph nodes in the chest. The thyroid is mildly hardened. A bruise in the esophagus looks better than before. Prior surgery of the heart. The blood vessels of the aorta are hardened.
There is scarring in the middle of the right lung. The airways are thickened. The aorta and the heart's blood vessels are hardened. Spread of cancer to the bones is seen throughout the body.
Lymph nodes in the chest are bigger than normal. Mild hardening of the heart's blood vessels and valve of the aorta. Age related changes in the middle spine.
Tiny growths in the lungs. Mild damage of the airways in the bottom of the left lung. Hardening of the heart's blood vessels.
